 [music] runk hey what's up. episode 400 episode 400 of congratulations. welcome everybody never thought we'd be here. alas we are here so welcome. to episode 400 of [music]. congratulations dude um shout out to. the uh music huh. to the music the og. music that we just had by mr green. we the oj music that's how it started. um at the at the four episode 400. uh it started early early. on in the uh in the uh episode. number one actually uh which leads me to. um this is great because i feel like i wanted to. do something special for you guys. at the 400th episode um uh there. will be we are releasing something. on the patreon uh we are going. to release there is a lost episode. of congratulations it is the first episode. of congratulations that has ever existed. well it didn't exist. it does now it does. exist it just was never released. and it is it was before. the first episode it was the first episode. that i did i did. it alone with nobody in here there. was no producer no nothing we set. up the mic and he left. and he was like like all right. maybe we'll record something this. week and i just sneakily came in and pressed record and did. like a quote unquote show. a podcast for um uh 40. minutes or so 40. 50 minutes and um i i i i never released. i was like that'll be the practice. one let's just do a real one. uh and i'm going to. we'll put on put on the patreon. for the patreon uh babies we'll put them out. there so go to. patreon dot com christalia to. get that one it's the first one. ever it's so weird. to i heard the first few. seconds of it and it's sd um and um just weird. to think about me. back then in this room. it was yeah it was just super odd. anyway um uh so there's that and that is the i guess i don't know whenever anyone. wants to do something. like special for something they say hey here's a treat you know. and i'm not going to. do that but if i was the person to. do that tra um and sometimes. people bring me on. stage as the guest. uh the special guest and they say you guys. are in for a treat you know. and i don't like that because i'm not halloween. candy and um they do that. with people who are not on the lineup. and then are announced at the show. right like you know if you have tv. credits they'll be like you guys are in a in for treat. i'll tell you so you come up. and then of often if you're a comedian. because we are insecure. we go up and we think that. oh these people are not they didn't. like this treat why's you're going. up there yeah they didn't clap. enough they don't like this. treat they don't even know what this treat is it's like being in a foreign. country and getting a a a candy bar. that doesn't exist in america. you're like i never even. knew about this one. um so uh it is the 400th. episode i was thinking about you. know doing something crazy. uh and i didn't want to. you know what dude. didn't want to. i was thinking about it. and and i go like this. what would what would the congratulations. fans want and then i thought something special and then i go like this. dude what would they want. even more than that and then i thought about this. they'd want me to. respect them so much. that i did what i wanted. to i'm comfortable enough to. do the 400th episode the way. i want to. and you know what i wanted. to do what i wanted. to do and that was nothing. special what i wanted so here's what it. is it's the 400th episode. and it may as well be the 320th. episode because it's not special it's what i wanted. and um that is my gift. to you is being so respect being so being so respectful. with what i want you're welcome. uh anyway it's episode 400. um wow said said said 400. so much so far in this. episode i i i guess i would probably say there's never been a day. where i said the word. 400 more than today and i'm 44. which is crazy uh i got dates. coming up in mcallen texas. september 5th momont texas peterboro ontario. london ontario duth minnesota. thunderbay ontario where is it. lexington kentucky for some reason birmingham. a bunch of different places. in alabama for some reason. sudbury ontario made it up toronto. ontario finally love it bismar. north dakota why h. go to crystal lea dot com. to get tickets um who lives in bismar. and well we'll find out. won't we uh had a little ai. po um what do you. call it uh i hired a guy. to do an ai. to do ai artart okay. let me emphasize this hired okay. employed someone okay right. employed someone to. do work okay so okay. so fattened his pockets. okay so put a little weight. on it so needed okay. so needed to. tighten a belt all right. had somebody just legitimately had to. hike his pants up okay this is a real thing that i i put some green in his pocket. all right i i put something to. color a duck [ __ ] in his front pocket. okay you understand so employing someone all right. and uh guess what that guy. is an artist okay. so uh to make my straight. out of the multiverse tour. go to chris dot com. to get tickets all the all the cities are. up there's going to. be even more just go check it. out i have a blast on my website um and uh went to. where am i here this. has been happening lately. actually i think it's cu. i'm 44 my my my mind my brain. will just go nah never mind. [music] no and then and then this is what. happens i'll i'll i'll almost forget what i'm g. to say and then i'll go oh well i i didn't forget. wow this is so true. this is exactly what i do. when i forget something. i almost forget what i'm going. to say but i don't forget. i still have it you know. how you can like kind of be. like oh i got some on the tip. of my tongue and then i go like this. every time it'd be a shame if my brain. goes like this ah [ __ ] lose that and as i'm doing that my brain. goes nah push it back. further and then i can't ever have. it again remembered it yes. got it of that. one so um i remember it. now so ai art um hired a guy. to do it okay. uh made the whole poster. made the whole uh thing it's got the the you know. me as a superhero on. it you've seen it it's got the the hulk it's got the the transgender. batman i can't remember what it. is but anyway uh has the peric spiderman. and all that stuff anyway. um uh the the the the met i guess. what would you call. it the met the metrics that. were coming back the the data that was coming back that's what you would say i guess. um is was um that was not like how it used. to be before it. and i was like what's going. on people aren't seeing this. ad and i was like why. is that happening it was happening. specifically with facebook meta. and uh they just released. a thing where they were like we are um what. do you call it sub. uh what do you call. it uh what's the word i'm looking. for suppressing suppressing um ai art uh ads. and ai that you try. to boost the ads. and all that stuff and i was like but dude. i put something to. color a duck [ __ ] in a guy's pocket. you know what i'm saying what the [ __ ] you're like it's like oh ai jobs are taken and hey hey meta what how dare you how dare you do that. when yeah ai h. i mean you can't even walk. into facebook without everybody. in facebook now knowing you're there yeah the average person. walking around gets captured on. surveillance camera two dozen times a day and that might be true. okay the only reason why i say that. might be true. is because i did hear it. once from a documentary about the making of forensic files. but so it's probably true. but i don't know what year. that came out and if it came out. 5 years ago it. might be way more than two. dozen that documentary is i don't like it i don't want to. know how they make the [ __ ] how they make the sauce. you know just show me. the murder i i saw the documentary. the forensic fines forensic fines forensic files. thing and it was like it's so weird. because they go through it's so successful. and the guy and the guy who made it with it's been like 25. years it's been on like longer. than like saturday night live. and [ __ ] you know and it's just like um i mean it hasn't but they were just like uh oh it uh it it it it is i can't get back to. the ai art story but this. is how it goes here. 400th episode nothing different. um the forensic files documentary. they were like saying like well my favorite episode. was to make was this. guy uh murdered these three women. on a boat and we were. out you know and the way that they're talking about it. i'm like oh yeah dude. but a guy still murdered three. women on a boat though. so it wasn't your best. episode so my favorite episode. was so here's what happened. um this father came home. strangled his whole family all right. and it was a blast because we all. got to go to. martha's vineyard um get the fake. blood and reenact everything. right yeah no dude. that was the worst episode. okay okay you're you're demonic. okay can we agree you're demonic. and can we agree you're sociopath. nice to meet you okay. now um back to. the ai art i. changed it i changed it. now i changed it. to a photo of me. dude and all of a sudden i'm johnny. sells tickets and that's the truth. dude it it skyrocketed so dude. i'm like oh my god and then i'm like that. sucks we beholding to. the social media we're we're beholding to. the algorithm dude it's too bad. man but johnny. sells his tickets is. long as it's not ai. but it's just like so much treason out. there's so much treason out there's so much jealousy. and there's so much you know there's just so much treason [laughter]. speaking of websites i thought well didn't want to. do anything special but uh i wanted to. update you guys on the uh michael kane's. website okay hasn't changed a lick okay. michael kane remember the michael kane website. episode that was like one of the big. big ones uh website and he had two pictures on the gallery. you know and i was like oh well it's obviously under construction and here. dude the way he's pointing on stage. dude he points like that in every movie dude. there's a wide shot. of him doing that. and um a medium. shot and uh here's the gallery. there's the gallery two picks dude. they're still there dude and one of the picks i'm pretty. sure is of donald southernland not. him so that's great. that's just fantastic and the other picture. has three pictures of him. in it so that's such unbelievable. so shout out to. michael kan for keeping it real. dude um did he retire. yet he retired right. was that apparently right. yeah but he'll he'll [ __ ] he'll still come out. and i'll do it um we did. 31 episodes of this show. before we started doing video. um the first video was the episode. with the morrice mite won. that video so that was the first. time that was that was probably why the show. got so big why i popped off you know. just because of them thank you. so thank you uh what's his name. nelson kane michael kane um. uh dude so um yeah it feels. good though dude you know i'm in my new. house uh we still don't have all. the furniture in so that's just how it's going. to be high stress time you. know it's one thing about moving. and being with a part. a partner wife husband you know. whatever it is whatever. floats your boat uh is really. great when you move. you you don't argue a lot. so isn't that great um so if you're having trouble. in your relationship and i'm not saying. i am but uh i'm not but you could say uh. hey why don't we move. because that will just uh add a whole. bunch of stress and then we'll focus on only that and we won't argue more because the stress is high okay. um i was oh actually you know what you know. what dude i i i i'm in this. house now this is the old house. okay that we still have. all the stuff here uh sold it. uh okay or selling it. sorry put it on the market dude. and i want to. talk about this this [ __ ] article comes out. i put it on instagram. and it says hold on. this is so so look look at this. let me let me get this. up here because this is crazy. i put this on instagram. i'm the man um where is it. i'm here we go here. we go here we go. um here look at the look. at the headline dude. dis look how stupid disgraced ustar crystalia. puts la home on the market for 3.75 million. four years after misconduct say misconduct scandal. dude hey you know what first of. all not a star from. you i was on three. episodes and i got thrown down a stair. okay second of all i'm just moving okay. has has nothing to. do with four years ago. third of all dude okay a lot. of stuff has happened. since four years ago. so why don't you just say. hey crystalia puts la home on the market. three months after he went to. the grocery store and tried. [ __ ] something for the first time with his family why because clickbait. [ __ ] and dude it's so crazy. cuz here's even further it's a real. t celebrity real estate wait. what is this real realtor dot com. dude they want clicks. so go go for it. go click it but realtor dot com. crazy so if this is they're doing it. because it's realtor news then why. don't they why don't they report on. how i bought a house. two weeks before this. twice as much why don't they do. that oh because it's not about. realtor it's not about hous selling. it's about clicks so y'all. are [ __ ] bit [ __ ] asses your [ __ ] asses did you know that your [ __ ] asses that's [ __ ] player hating [ __ ] dude that's that is [ __ ] [ __ ] and because of that that's the end of the sentence. that is so silly. dude how you how do you expect people to. just buy your [ __ ] when you lie. like that i mean you know. you you did it with. enough verbiage to make it okay yeah and also dude ustar that what they should have said monkar uh so anyway that's so silly and then then then i looked and then i and then i don't ever see this stuff but then i i looked up the person who wrote it and she wrote um something i can't remember what now i can't even remember it. was like she used to. write like soft porn or something. i can't remember was something. stupid like that i'm just like and people just see the headline. and be like he's down nah. i mean you know some days i get down how normal human being uh but the new house. i i me is so funny. we were at uh i put actually put on instagram. um and uh where what i put what did. i put it here hold. on a second oh oh calvin. um there was a there was a dude. there's like did i talk about how there's frogs at my. house did i i think so yeah all right. so let me get more into. it there's frogs at my. house it's it's there's like like it's like it's like it's like a honestly a um a rave for frogs. in my grass that's what. it's like at past sundown. it's it's it's not like there's some frogs. in my grass it's like. oh dude this is a this. is a rave this. is this what where frogs. come to get high and [ __ ] each other like there's just so many it's like uh wood. woodstock like just they're cuz they're all muddy you know. what i mean and they're just naked. and um you can get warts if you rub. on them like it's just straight. up woodstock for frogs and so uh they're big. ones little ones and i'm like dude. i'm a city boy i'm not really. but you know i kind of i i'm close. enough to i don't go. outdoor i'm not outdoors i'm indoorsy. you know what i mean. i'm in i'm indoorsy not outdoorsy and um i walk. outside on the on the on the uh. on the in the front and i all. all of a do see. you know it looks like my front lawn. is snap crackling popping. and i look closer. and it's because there are frogs. dancing okay i'm like okay. and i really i i i leaned in closely. and i did hear very very faintly hello. my darl and um so they were frogs. and so i say so dad mode took. over and i said hey calvin get out. here look at this. now i'm not i'm indoorsy and i don't i don't want it. any kind of animal i don't want them. really on me honestly. dude if i'm going to. be honest even a dog. like i'll touch you dog. but if i'm on do my [ __ ] and no i can't say that some dogs. are so cute and cats. yeah dogs and cats anything else though bunny. no bunnies can be [ __ ] mean and have red eyes. and [ __ ] anything else i'll tell you what anything scaly or slimy don't ever touch me and i will never touch i don't want. it near me okay. and but but but dad mode took. over and i was like kevin come out. here i want to. show him i want him. to experience frogs i'm like. excited and he comes out. and he says oh my gosh. he sees the frogs and immediately. goes and tries to. grab them and i'm like oh whoa. okay wow and then kristen comes out. she grabs him because you know. she came up in like the back. woods and so um so we so so he's like grabbing. him the frogs and i'm like. oh wow that's amazing. okay good oh good she's grabbing the frogs. i don't to grabb. the frog i can just act. like maybe i've grabbed frogs. one day but i can just be like yeah get the fr. okay cool don't be so anyway. i'm like oh well that's crazy. but then then we walk in and i'm like it's kind of weird. like i don't like having [ __ ] amphibians out. like five feet away not even. from where i'm like watching tv. i don't want amphibians 5. feet away from my cal you know what i'm saying like it's just no and so uh amphibian should never be near a digital clock. that's that period and so um so i'm like all. right well you know maybe every now and then a frog. will come in but guess what dude. i got kristen she can. gr up in the mac ones. she can get the frogs okay. so that's i guess who's always home. kristen why because she [ __ ] ain't going anywhere. so i'm like all right. got it made okay. um so now kristen is like i have to. go do school. you know she's trained to. be a therapist so she has the zoom. on her computer and i go great. she she goes upstairs calvin literally opens the back. door and goes oh no oh dad look a flog came in and i go oh [ __ ] i got two hours now that i got to. live with this frog. because i'm hey oh dude. i'm not getting it out. all right so if a frog. jumps in my house and i live there. alone i live with the frog. now that's just what happens. i i try not to. bother him i i i certainly don't. i yeah i don't bug. him um we watch what i want. to watch unless you know it. gets really crazy and i can tell you watch. watch something else and if he really wants. to watch something else like the animal. planet then i will turn that on uh cuz i like it too and i don't want. him bugging me if he's like on me. so uh i i don't i don't like uh animals. in my house dogs and cats. are fine so dogs. are fine cats smell. like piss and so um um i'm like i'm going. to i i live with the so so so now. i have so now i live with a frog. for two hours because i'm going. to wait until kristen is done. to get this frog. out the frog. hops around a few times cal. chase is a little bit. laughing hops around goes into. the corner great it's in the corner. for a while okay cool. i'm like okay keep an eye. on it so now i'm watching tv. also keep an eye. on the frog. while i'm watching tv i'm watching. tv i'm watching that. [ __ ] documentary bleached in uh uh soaked. in bleach about kurt cobain. and how court love. may may have k. may have killed kurk cobain and i i still also got all eyes. on the frog. all on frog and so um and so i'm like eyeing it. and then like 40 minutes in i'm like man. that frog ain't ain't that frog's. like desiree dude cuz it ain't. moving right and um i'm like okay. so this frog is not. moving it's i didn't know frogs. will just chill for like they hop a lot. you know what i mean. but they'll also just chill. for like nine years. and so like a spider. you know how you have like a long. daddy long legs or something. and you'll be and you you know. how you like fall. asleep you know how you see a spider. when and you fall asleep. and then you wake up and the spider. will still be there and and then like you'll go to. school or you'll go to. work and you come back. and then the spider will. still be there and you're like yo. you're so boring spider frogs. do that i didn't know. that because why would a frog. do that when they can hop around. and [ __ ] so i'm like all right well that frog's. doing that and that's cool. frogs are like spiders. so i'm like okay i got two hours. frog's got two hours. chris come down get the frog. she came from the backwoods she'll. get it and [ __ ] throw it out into. the backwoods and ch. but 45 minutes later. i'm like wait a minute. calvin wanted to grab the frogs. outside so i'm like he's probably going. to be bad at trying. to catch a frog. because he's never done. it before but i bet. that he'll go for it. and i can act like i'm teaching him. to catch frogs even though i'm scared. shitless of frogs right. do you understand what i'm saying. i can act like hey time to. become a man and get this. frog i'm not going to. lie to. him and be like i've got many frogs in my day. i'm just going to. have the air that oh hey a frog's. in the house this stuff happens. try and grab it yourself. or we're gna leave it. in here hey and it'll be a lesson. oh [ __ ] just coming out of my and so um died by the way so um i uh now i'm like okay get uh oh no okay now it's charging. um now i'm like okay uh what hey cal. he's like yeah i was like the frog's. still over there not funny. like dude look such a [ __ ] you know 44. and he was like what and i was like it's still over. there in the corner. and he was like what i said. yeah he said well i said right. over there now let me tell you what should be honestly. an olympic event no it shouldn't be. an olympic event it should be how you get you know. what it should have been in in in indiana jones. you know how you know. how at the end of indiana. jones i forget which one it. was maybe the holy grail he was looking for something it might have even been the holy. grail and they were like you have to. take a leap of faith. and jump and and walk out onto. this abyss and the guy's like what and he does. it and then you realize that oh the abyss. there's a a a plank on the abyss. and it it looks like the abyss. and it's just painted to. look like it and he lived and even as a kid. i was like dad why. didn't he just try. to feel it with his hand. and my dad said well then there's no movie. and i was like okay. but whatever well that's none that. has nothing to. do with this so uh that. was difficult for indiana jones. right and then he had at the end guess. which was the real holy. gra this is yeah and the one. guy drank from the wrong. one because it was a beautiful. chalice and then he was like is. that the right word and then he was like uh um me then jones. was like nah it would be this. one which is the old looking one. because that's the holy one. and why would it be new looking. and he was right. anyway um uh he had to. figure it all out uh the the the the the thing. that he should have had to. do that would have been the hardest. thing to do is. try and point at something for a toddler to. go get it because you you if you go like this. hey look you there could be an open. room if you have a fouryearold. in there and you say hey dude if there's an open. room with a sock in in in the in the in if you have a bowling. alley okay and it's just. straight and the sock is in the middle. of the bowling alley. and you say hey calvin grab that. sock for me uh it's like you know what it's like for them. trying to look in one. of those [ __ ] 3d abstract things. that when you pull away slowly. it becomes j dolphins jumping. out of water like they can't i dude. my son i'm like right. there right there there it is right. there the sock is right. there where there where you turn. around to the left. you can't say left. um uh so walk a little bit forward. he walks forward now turn around. and then he does like a spin and i'm like not all the way. half the way and i'm like he don't know. what half is all right. uh uh take a few steps. in the direction you are right. now and then he does it. and then he does it. in a curvy way. and i'm like okay no so all right. so turn your head this. way and then he does it. the other way because he's looking at you. and he's doing the mirror. image and you're like for [ __ ] sake dude. so um and not to. mention that's a sock. this frog is moving dude. it wasn't but it could so i'm like and it's under a thing. in a corner so i'm like right. there you see and i'm i'm trying. to do like and i'm like and in the beginning. i'm like i'm lazy i'm not going. to get up and then halfway through it. becomes i become like all right. dude i'm not getting up. because this should work. out like i'm being like well [ __ ] this dude we're going to. get this so he finally gets to. where the frog is. i'm like thank god i'm like you. see it and dude. he's right here like he's right. here like this and i'm like so it's in front of you. he's like well and i'm just like oh my god. dude it it if it the it could only be closer. if it was in your mouth. you know and i'm like under it. you see under it he goes. oh yeah finally right. and i said yeah you can try. to get it if you want. we should put him outside. and he goes oh right. and he goes to. grab it the frog. just goes just all you know. all over i'm like oh the frog. lives here now right. hopping all around i put a a picture a video up. on instagram you can go look. at it but uh he eventually. got it dude. and he threw it outside gently and he did it. and i'm like whoa dude. i got away with pretending. like i was the man. super in charge dad [ __ ] and not scared. when well i basically just tricked. him you know now i feel shitty. h whatever though i guess. it's okay you know i didn't lie. so that's good a lie. i like hey you got him. man i'm so proud of you. all right buddy hey all right. yeah um yeah okay so anyway um i went to. the dude how about this hot. dog eating contest what why are they like why. are they why are they still well. i guess people watch it. right but that's just so utterly. disgusting that they do. a hot dog eating contest. and they did it. live for netflix is a perfect. thing to do live. for netflix by the way. hot dog eting context contact contest um joey chess nut right. one over uh what was his. name hideo kobayashi. and uh absolutely racist. what i just did but it's okay. and um nobody going get hurt. and so um kobayashi. lost in 10 minute. it's a it was it's a 10minute. thing by the way all. right how many hot dogs. you can eat in 10. minutes i i said it. to my producer and my producer goes like this. oh wait i thought he retired. and i'm like yeah they probably they probably coaxed. them out of retirement. you know what i mean. which is hilarious to. think of uh like oh hey i'm done. with the hot dog eating c. and it's like yeah but we want you. to come back yeah but i'm retired. nah but what what about. if we pay you no. i don't want to. yeah but everybody's got a price. you know what i mean. like and it's just the guy's like nah. i said i retired. it's like yeah but we'll pay. you this much like h. okay i really i just got to. eat a bunch of [ __ ] hot. dogs so it's like it's not like you really ever retire. you can't retire from a. job that isn't really actually a job. you still kind of do that. no matter what you know. um as a matter of fact. i ate four hot dogs once. when i was like you know i remember at this. birthday party i i kind of one. of my jobs is a h. a hot dog eating contest. because contestant because that that's too. many four is too many. so um i will tell you though. 88 is way too many. and that's say you ate something. like that joey chestnut. ate that many uh or something. 80 something and and beat i do i just love. thinking of him being like n kobashi. retired though yeah but we need to. do this live event. nah well we're going to. throw a bunch of money. at him a bunch of people watch it. n kashi will you do it nah. please i said no and then later on something. happens that you know like in one of those. corny movies something happens where he like looks at it and then reflects and then he calls. the [ __ ] netflix and he's like hello. netflix i'm in um um [music]. just or even you know. just throwing just hot dogs up. and just and and i um and then i'm like joey chestnut. one by 20 and then i'm just like hey joey chestnut. stop after you one by two. you know hey it's not like football. or baseball where it's like well we should really get a good lead. hey dude two's enough that's a whole. meal hey gross. guy cool it 18 cool. it 18 hey you won. by 20 hot dog it's so funny to. be like yeah i won. by a landslide dude. you won by eight families. meals that's disgusting you g. die also why have you not died. yet right i think you die. if you eat a 100 hot. dogs period in your life and these guys just straight up chomp 90 in 10 minutes. how dude also chestnut. the gayest name there is not a name gayer than chestnut. and i will tell you this. me just saying that guy's last name is going. to get us demonetized here. on youtube dude hey chestnut. dude that is that is like your name is taint. mouth that is like that. is the gayest i just also chestnut. is isn't it what is a chestnut. is that uh is it. food or what it is. so that's weird to. have have your last name be chestnut. and you just kill at eating. hot dog what that you know. a lot of times i don't agree. that we're living in a matrix. or like we're living in the matrix or like we're like uh you know. plugged in but you know. then you see [ __ ] like that and you're like maybe maybe that and the fact that we're just supposed. to believe that you can call somebody on the cell. phone get the [ __ ] out of here. huh no wires get out. of here like even the most. basic [ __ ] like you can make a hammer the [ __ ] out of here this is not the matrix sometimes. i get in one. of those i'm just like get out. of here paper comes from. trees what am i a [ __ ] [ __ ] i'm plugged in i knew it dude i knew i knew it yeah how' you know when me when i un as soon as i unplug hey how'd you know i knew it how'd you know paper from trees [ __ ] out of here yeah no i know it is really actually that's [ __ ] weird right that they would believe that not even to. mention the joey chestnut. thing the hot dog and like why would you put two things. in there the food the chestnut. and then the hot dogs. and then also cell phones. like we're supposed to. believe and satellites the [ __ ] out of here. um you're right morpheus yes yes you're right it's not even morpheus. it's just [ __ ] this guy is that amazing. and so um why when i talk during this. podcast my eyes get blurry. it really happens all the time. says the most watched congratulations. episode just because it's the 400th. episode is human obviously cuz that's the one. i came back from my break. and then crapola with my brother. in 2019 and then it was oh the one right. before i took my break. of course and then the next one. with my brother huh. interesting wow look at that. that's cool um let's look at some deserve. its just for good old time. you know what i mean. grinding on a dock rail what's going on here coming wow that that's great that that is so [music]. great off the dock. and it went in the ocean. i don't know if there's anything more to. deserve it than that honestly. because that's exactly what you deserve. dude hey you're grinding. on a dock rail with a scooter. by the way not even a a skateboard. so you're worse than a. skateboarder you know you're dorkier. than a skateboarder um and you're you. and the scooter goes. in if you say what does. this guy deserve you. don't deserve to. die you don't deserve to. break your shins you deserve. to lose the scooter and have it. at least get wet and go it. goes in there dude. he can't get it you. got to dive in and get it. that's great 1010 on the deserv. scale that's good we have a 1010 on the deserv. scale deserv scale on the um 400th episode. i'll say i'll say um how to. not make a fool. of yourself [applause] chilled. so hard after that how do you go. he got knocked out so hard. he became cooler like he that. he they that wall [ __ ] him up into. someone else the people meet him later. that know him and they're like what. dude have you seen. what happened to. j think what i don't think. it was when it was at the [ __ ] um emirate open or whatever the [ __ ] they call it dude the dude how did he you know what it looked like it glitched that's another reason. we're plugged in you can tell. he just stop motioned into. that [ __ ] wall and then became dude became oh dude. became honestly so polite oh. that guy [ __ ] himself up it's amazing. just [ __ ] he's like wolverine. basically he healed immediately that's how wolverine. trips uh but also s [ __ ] um here's another sabitch maybe is that sait. or is that she and when someone does a full on. the back of your heel touches the back. of your head and they don't die. i i'm i'm i'm actually that's another reason. we're not plugged in or that. we are plugged in i'm just. like mystified because if that happened. to me i would just think oh i hope i die. now i hope that was it. i don't my life's going. to be different after this. and i liked my life. so i i hope this is it. i'm not a scorpion. you know uh this first time. on the slide i mean. not also how about this not a slide. just jumping onto your chest. trying to hear oh. my god just [ __ ] goodbye discs. at a young agee too you know. i don't need these that's not a slide. that's a life shortener that's like the porsche. i just got they called it. they called it the w. i looked it up. uh and they call it. the the the widowmaker and i'm just like okay. that makes me feel bad i'm married. i'll d that wasn't that a har. harrison 4 movie that. was one of those harrison 4. movies when he was started making when he started. making movies where it was like what. the [ __ ] is harrison ford. doing now he's making good movies. again he's red hulk right. he's red hulk dude. there's red hulk hey dude. that's dorky but all you know. what else is dorky greenhulk so. there's nothing more dorky. about greed hulk now. that red hulk now. that i think about it. there's also other colored hulks. from different who cares. uh oh yeah what i'm saying. doesn't matter at all just makes me. laugh you know it's just like road. rage got some road rage. right here because july. [ __ ] dick fig [ __ ] you dog you're the one swerving i was just following you we saw this. didn't we well i've seen this. i don't know if i saw uh did i see this. on the show yeah it was actually. oh there she go. and okay did i see this. on the show all right. oh man she that's another one. of those oh i i hope i die. here just caught in the door. in another car just so drunk. she's so drunk hold on. you guys are all [ __ ] spinning and sturbing just spinning and sturing dude. that's that's it right. there well you're all [ __ ] spinning and starving that i would do that. when i was when i'm arguing with my wife. and then she would laugh like hell. and i would get lightning bolt mad lightning. round madness lightning round and so it's fourth of july. doesn't mean you're g. [ __ ] dick ging big just because you're fourth of july. and doesn't mean you can gang bang. [ __ ] dick doesn't mean you can gang bang [ __ ] dicks you're drunk as [ __ ] [ __ ] you dog [ __ ] you dog dude nate dog little twist s cell corrupt you're the eric surman one swerving i was just following you're the one sturing speaking of sturing you're the one doing it i'm the one sving i said sturing look and then she gets out dude doesn't put the car in park which by the way done it four times in my life immediately get back in it's always fine because i'm not drunk but she is drunk because she said starving instead of s swerving and the car goes she realizes it uh i'm the one [ __ ] i'm the one [ __ ] swerving now dude the the the the swerving that that part where she trails off because she knows she has a get the c man and then when she gets flattened dude like after that she got out and went like the the old cartoons with the bro and just you know she went you know you know she went she became ice cube in there what song was playing in her car which is the best just something from the wall flowers or or the one that goes whatever the whoever sings that one that goes i'm falling even more in love with you taken by a [music] moment that one life house right is that what it is yes thought of it [music] [applause] more love with you raing by moment i'm with you [ __ ] life house dude yeah it was actually the guy's so calm cuz he knows he won imagine knowing you won that hard in an argument wow wow she got crunched dude oh there she go and okay and she died. all right dude she got crunched to. high heaven all right he. says that guy was great. great great great video it's kind of [ __ ] how everyone videotapes everything. now like you know that's your line. of defense it it's it's never the oh wait i've seen this. one right hold on. hey i'm from the hood boy. so when you say [ __ ] like that you get me rowdy no. no no you said keep the same. energy hey no no no you said keep the same. energy hey don't change up. hey don't change up you said. keep the same energy. your boy recorded it he try. to go you trying to. go you being corny come on bro. come on bro. come on just chill. just chill dog chill. come come oh my god what the [ __ ] oh my god. what the [ __ ] oh he's coming b. what over that the same. energy use that te the same. you don't know i'm a real man. a real [ __ ] man keep the same energy boy keep the same energy. that's all right guys on to. the all right all right oh no come. on bro hey if you not wow. wow this is insane. that's crazy you can't be serious. dude dude that guy was so concerned with the people. keeping the same energy. i can't even believe it. dude that guy was so concerned with the other people's energy. in that car that i mean. it's like are you a are you a conductor dude. how honestly did dude. that guy what did en. did energy kill his mom. or something this is unbelievable. hey man keep this. dud it's like a chris farley. character dude hey just so i know i already did. this but i'm coming back. man i just wanted you to. know this is the sequel. hey uh i need you to. keep the same energy. even though it's been a long. time and everyone's energy always changes. i need you constantly to. always be in the same. energy no matter what i'm going. to come by later. i'm going to find. out where you live and i'm just going. to be yelling outside. your house make sure you have the same. energy later on in life. at seeing the guy at a lunch. place later on at like togos hey dude [laughter] i see you eating that number eight. i just want you to. be making sure i want make sure you're keeping the same. energy dude yeah you got mayonnaise. okay we're at jersey mike. and he got a mike's way. just want to. make sure you got him. you're keeping the same. energy cuz i'm from the hood man. the guy actually said during the argument. something i would say which is i'm the man. dude that is incredible. i'm from the hood he said. like he's young jeezy dude. hey dude just want to. make sure you keep just n9. years later oh dude. remember me hey dude. yeah i didn't realize you work. at this wells fargo well i have a checking account here. i just want to. make well i want to. do two things i want to. deposit this check and i want you to. do it with the same energy. dude can't even believe it. just later on just d. just become friends with the guy. later on just like it's [ __ ] just on the park bench feeding birds just with canes dying we're not always going to. be here you know. it's just like you know with my empys. and stuff it's really hard. but i just want you to. know that i keep this. even even though i'm sick. you know and i'm 91 with my emphysema. and i know i'm in a wheelchair. i still dude i'd have to. say i keep the same. energy so you better be keeping the same. energy man you better be keeping the same. energy because i'm from the hood you know. because you got to. keep the same energy. because because i'm i'm the man. just [ __ ] clear hey dude where's the guy oh no he's where's the i'm right here [ __ ] just so mad for decades dude i kept this same i'm exhausted man i have to. sleep sometimes right but i don't dude. i love coined terms like that. like that just become something. in the zeitgeist and then people [ __ ] do it when they get extra like mad anyway whatever that's that's it i'm done 400 episode yes yes dude um thank you to. everyone to keep this. show going and for the patreon. people dude i've got that. special hidden episode the first episod. epode the preepisode the uh un. what do we what. do we call it. the what episode lost episode the lost. episode congratulations congratulations like that like lost previously. unlost um like [music] this. previously why is that funny that's not funny. that's just straight up not. funny but it's funny. holy [music] [ __ ] previously unlost wait hold on let's do it like [music] this previously on everybody loves raymond um you know uh where where where is it uh ray um so uh [music] dude previously on everybody loves raymond uh it's cold outside short saker ar short. playing ray romano d pre previously on. everybody loves ray raymond with special. star i [ __ ] it up so bad dude. arnold schwarzer where's my brother. where's my keys and my brother this episode. is about me where finding my keys. um so anyway um thank you. for listening if you uh like it sign. up for the patreon patreon dot com. 400th episode that's it. for youtube if you like the if you want. to listen to. the rest it was a dooy. it was a great episode. you want to. go go to the patreon patreon dot com. and you get all the other dude. for years we've been doing this. you get the extra episodes. go sign up it also helps us. thank you very much [music]. 