 [music] drunk [music]. hello hello [music] nope you're so bad. you look like uh the easter. version of the unabomber no i look. like uh the grape and fruit of the loom who was played by. david alan greer yep but also for what. i said though so i look like david. i am like david alan. grier david anger is great. thank you no i'm not saying. what you were saying is that i'm like him. and you should open. that before we started recording. is is the deal the deal. is that wouldn't have made it. that much of a noise. and now you calling it out. makes it all different no. you can open it in like 10. minutes but you opened it literally 10 seconds. after that i see it's not good. i see it's not good. to do um so you were sick. now you're not you're a little bit. still i i'm not i don't yeah. i'm like you know how it is at the end. of a cold where you're just like. when is it gonna totally end. yeah that's where i'm at i guess. that's where i am too. i mean copying me. no what happened i didn't think. i was sick okay. oh okay then that's not where you're at. i convinced myself i'm not. sick until i'm getting better. and then i'm like maybe i was sick. uh well i i wish i could have done that. i was so messed up. though it wasn't coveted it. was not covered i could. not swallow oh that's the worst. enduring excruciating pain ah did you get it. can't get a shot for that. i've had shots in the past. cortisone but i did not. because i didn't want to. go to the doctor i was like does that. help the cortisone shots. oh yeah well then why didn't you just get one. because i have to. go to the doctor it would be so much. better though because honestly i don't think he would have given me one because it was only a sore. throat i didn't have a fever. i didn't have an infection. it was just it was or i didn't have a bacterial infection. okay that's the reason he gave he gave it to. me that one time in my rarest maximus. okay is because i was very sick. in a number of ways. and i needed i had a massive. fever and i needed the swelling. in my throat to. go down so i could continue to. live rarest maximus yeah. so you could continue to. live okay cool yeah. well so they were like pulled. on your pants i need to. inject this into your urius. maximus and i was like i didn't say. that but i just met. you no right not no that's something like that. a 68 year old would. say okay well does a 68 year. old honestly a 68 year. old in 1980 would say it. there's a six does a 68. year old have this uh no george. michael died so yeah. he wouldn't be 68. he might what if he was actually. going to be 68 if he was still. alive yeah then i would have been great. check it out does. it do this a dolphin. does it does it do. this this because i don't think it. does so yeah i'm i so i was in therapy. today and my and i was like man. i just feel down and like you know. not like happy and i don't know. what it is i'm just like i told my wife. like i told kristen i was like just so you know. i'm gonna not gonna do i'm gonna leave my face. how it's gonna be i'm not gonna do extra. like smiling and stuff if i don't want to. smile i'm not gonna smile so if you say something. i might think it's cool. but i'm not gonna smile extra because of it. just to let you know. that i think it's cool. my face is gonna do what. it's gonna do it's deeper. and how'd that go no. and so i told my therapist and she's like you're just you sound. like rat your throat throat is. raspy and i was like yeah a little bit she's like are you just sick. and i was like i don't know and at the end. of the therapy she helped me. figure out that i was just sick. and that's why you're feeling. like but how dumb is that. like nah i'm not gonna do. it like that that's that's why. you were acting that way she's saying. no no no no no no no she was just like you. don't feel happy oh because you're just sick. and i was like yeah maybe you're right. by the end of it. how dumb is that. that i'm that dumb. that i need therapy to. figure out if i have a cold. yeah that's weird that's like going. to a gp to. figure out if you need to. talk about your mother. you know yeah yeah exactly yeah the opposite. so yeah so that's where i'm at right. now i need therapy now as a medical. doctor for like physical stuff so yeah. yeah that's really mixed up. um but it's cool and i'm still really. smart you have to. admit i i don't i i don't uh i don't think you are smart. yeah you do i don't think that. yeah you do let me let you do. let me be honest with you. okay i don't think that you're not. being honest with me. i think i'm smart for those. who are watching and can't see it. he's actually lifting up one leg. when he does it two both. legs like this how about this. whoa so dumb well. calvin likes it dude. uh he's three dude. we're having a good time dude. having a good time no having a good. thank you we're not coming. to hollywood so look people. really like this podcast. i'm gonna be honest. with you i'm gonna be honest. with you too okay. people really like this podcast. they they come to. my shows and they say how much they like it. and they say don't stop doing it. and i you know i guess. we're not but like uh so we're going to. keep doing the podcast but also uh leave uh leave a what. do you call a comment leave. a comment and subscribe. and then also like tell your friend about it. if you like the podcast let's get it. going dude i'm telling you. right now if we're sitting at these views. for the for 10 years we're not gonna be doing it. so you're saying what about the comment. leave it leave a comment how the algorithm. go oh yeah leave a comment leave a comment yeah it's all right. but um so yeah so that's that's that. i'll be in austin. midland uh i'll be in. minneapolis minneapolis shooting my special. that you're gonna direct and i will be in milwaukee. go to chrislea dot com. and also i will be in ohio. chrisley dot com uh if you want to. come see me. on torah uh if you have a question. click the link on the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com and if you want oneonone sessions uh. for advices with matt here one. on one with matt dalia. uh just go to. madelia dot com it's not. therapy but matt has advises. for you and you can also get a great. lifeline merch at lifelinemerge dot com. so yeah so that's it. i haven't seen you in a bit. or what yeah no no. i saw you for calvin's. birthday oh right and then you got sick. you probably got sick. from coming down [music] falling. why did you why'd you invite me. do you think you got sick. from that no i hadn't thought about it. but if you think you did though. now no oh maybe it's possible. oh yeah well i i think maybe you did. i don't like when people are like oh i i think i know where i got sick. unless someone they were around. was sick and like coughing all over. them mom mom mama's sick. oh she came anyway she's bad. oh oh why you gotta do me. like that mom no it wasn't that. she was she was pretty much. over it but i still think she probably had it. i think she was doing what. i was doing saying like i'm not sick. i'm not sick i got that. from mom [ __ ] man thank god. yes you need to. go to therapy again uh i think uh when people you know mama's watches. she's like no they always blame everything. on me we're not we're making a joke. yeah no i blame everything. on on chris not you mom. yeah okay well it's all good. i love you mommy weird. mommy i love you. you feel weird you know. when you get sick you. laugh all weird yeah dude. i left like this oh oh that's great. look at drowning englishman yeah. so messed up uh anyway dude. let's talk about pedro uh pascal. oh okay he's cool. he's very cool and that's it. moving on but people aren't moving right. they're not moving him up. then they're not moving on because the internet. is so obsessed people are so obsessed with uh pedro pascal. that a viral v a video. went viral of him just because he got starbucks. oh that sounds interesting what did. he do he got first of all it's my drink. that i get he got it. and everyone's like this is the pedro pascal. that you that you can get which is four. shots over ice which is what. i get dude so he stole it from me. so i'm sexy okay but what is the deal. with pedro pascal well. who cares that's my point. he's great he's cool. but people are going nuts over. him because he wore like a shirt. with no collar no it's because he's on the biggest. show that there is right. now right yeah but also the mandalorian. yeah he's good he's a huge star. and he's having that moment. now he's like he's like in his 50s okay. but what about no he's not 48. but what about chris pratt. who is a big star. and it's not like that. i know why white no what. he is like uh people i don't even know. if this is true. but people think of him as like someone who's staunched the right. wing that's why dude. i that's all i ever hear. about him anymore yeah. you're right you have to. be a bit but the media. say what you want about. the media it's like that. is filled with like fall. in line left yeah yeah well for sure. so they're not going to. care about chris pratt. they're going to care. about pedro pascal. because sexiness latino because right. not white never said anything. about anything but equality. b is not white and uh yeah. he also is really really funny. and charming no he is. a great actor i'm not but it's beyond. that it's beyond that i don't even. know that because you're telling me. that you brought him up. i said i love him. and you said he's cool. and i said he's cool. and then you said we're done. talking about it because it sounds. like you have something going. on no if you open. your phone you can't and you start scrolling. you cannot go three minutes without seeing. something about peter pasco. yeah you can't okay so do you know. that or not i think i do know. that there we go then you do. know that yeah so then i'm bringing it. out of you i'm like a therapist so he's the guy. who's having a minute right. now yeah okay cool good. for him but more so his minute. is jampacked the seconds oh not just 60. huh no dude he's got like so many seconds on top. of each other that equal this. one minute so he's having like a 15. minutes a fullblown minute. no but it's not longer. because it might not who knows. how long it's going. to last so now but it's a fullblown. hardcore flamin hot minute. you're bending space time. pedro pedro pascal. is betting. space spending space time. yes okay yeah well that. sounds newsworthy to. me fullblown hardcore flaming hot. minute that's a good title. i gotta say though ever since. he was in game. of thrones i really i really. like him and i really yeah i think he's like a really handsome. yeah he's charming yeah is a hundred percent. and not taken dude. if it was me in that position. i'd be like guys all right. so what's he doing he is. just being like yeah because he's like oh he just did. oh i see i see i see. i see yeah he got a four here's the thing. i'm bitter because the dude. took my drink and took it went public. with my drink and now my drink it. doesn't even feel like my drink. anymore dude i think i think that his drink. has more shots two more. shots in it right. but people are but it's a quad. shot with two extra shots so people. are saying quad shot so now. i can't say quad shot without thinking. about it do you both. know about pedro pascal's story because it's everywhere. that's my point what i haven't. seen anything about pedro pascal. going to starbucks. what are you guys talking. also why does anyone care. about don't be sneakily saying that. pedro pascal drinks more hardcore. coffee than i he did. say that yeah i think it's actually more basically that. you're a total [ __ ] he was sneakily being like i think it's actually more and i wasn't even. gonna address that. that was okay fine dude. i'm getting seven from now. seven shots in one cup. just gonna be so wired and yelling. all the time you guys. know about pedro pascal. be outside coffee dude. he's like he's got so many seconds back to. this minute it's crazy. right oh wow game. of thrones [ __ ] narcos [ __ ] the other one [ __ ] the zombie. one jesus christ patriot pascal's. insane security comes just carts your ass. away what you'd only pay for the skull. with the [ __ ] same thing with brooker's bradley chris press. white [laughter] chris. pratt is uh storage republicans not even that. true maybe ask my brother. basically just a typical crazy person at a coffee. yeah oh [ __ ] uh yeah but chris pratt also because you brought him up. sticking with that example is. so boring nah chris pratt. wait what do you mean. oh like as a person. out and about yeah he doesn't really do stuff. like but he's not but he's a good act. i think he's a great. i love his acting all right. well i think he's funny he's starting. to sound like you own. you like every actor who what actor do. you not like oh my god dude. name somebody name somebody uh pedro pascal. yeah goldblum he oh enough already. dude yeah i agree about that. enough dude with his purple. suits okay yeah yeah who else like he's in kings of comedy. name one what about laura dern. she's great you love everybody. okay that's another one. uh okay um viola davis oh she's amazing. okay see what i'm talking about. all right we'll keep going please. i i'll try somebody who's less. considered good yeah really. jesus guy's like meryl's free. uh uh seth green he's nice a nice. guy i like say something. bad about a nice person. so i don't know he's messing up. the okay uh what about oh. look pedro pascos uh starbucks. order interesting i'm gonna watch that when i get home. um uh who else do we like uh. uh alec baldwin it's funny. all right dude like can i just all right. you know it's like everybody. salma hayek ed norton ed. norton he's good he's good daniel. craig i love him. wow dude okay this is i didn't even realize this. about you but you like every i didn't realize about me. either yeah you like everything. i thought i don't like any actors yeah. but truth comes out wait. hold on there's got to. be some that i don't like uh yeah. but jamie lee curtis like. uh that's pretty good all. right well good luck everybody. peter dinklage i think he gets he's really good. but he gets extra [ __ ] because he's you know oh you only like the ones with the extra you know what else come on uh uh who else you guys come. on uh uh brad pitt brad. pitt i mean he's handsome. so that's all you're gonna say. about him [ __ ] [ __ ] man i think all these guys are good all right never mind yeah yeah you like every actor he's good all right i like a lot of actors um jeremy renner he's good i like him you love running well you know i love general but i remember even long ago you talk about how good he was in the town yeah he's good dude and that always bothered me that you said that why because it was like you're gonna talk about the town and you're like you're gonna talk about a guy with like a smaller role in it yeah that is annoying but jeremy renner that was what i think that was because that was when i first saw him it's like when someone's like you know he really steals the show though but i didn't say that yeah but no no i would never say jim render. steals the show you said. but you basically had the sentiment of someone who's like yeah. i know there's that big movie. that everyone loves no you know. who really stole the show dude. i don't know that's basically what you did. i don't do that maybe not. but it's essentially the thing you did. you know the number one. that doing that thing you did. you know what the the one. thing that quit by the way. so many people in the comments. said that they knew exactly. dude i told you everybody. knows i quit from that thing. you do so look uh you know. who stole the show is uh who's that. actor christopher something in american. beauty christopher christopher isn't his name christopher i don't know what role does he play. the neighbor oh chris cooper. chris cooper his whole name sounds like christopher yeah. his name is chris he stole the show. in america video okay. let's go to. um let's go to. a thing dude we got off. on that yeah we got going. on yeah pedro pascal. so it's the next one. hey matt and chris it's dan. from amsterdam uh love you guys. love the podcast love all your content. um but yeah so what i need some advice. on is apparently my fiance looks like my mom. um oh so uh wow i gotta showed a picture to. my cousin and he's like oh she looks like your mom. i was like no she doesn't thought nothing of it. whatever uhoh recently though came to. me or said something like i had to. look at the picture a little bit. harder i saw on. facebook because i couldn't tell the difference between your mom. and uh your fiance and that. obviously messed with me come on way. more than my cousin. did nice house um so yeah. i don't know how do i handle. this situation like what do. i say to. someone that comes to. me and says that uh am i sick. for for i mean loving this. this woman um obviously i'm not gonna leave her. i love her to. death she's my soulmate but leave your mom. i don't really know how to. handle this yeah get a new. mom i think i guess so any advice. would be great thanks. guys you need a new. mom also we should have wrote him. back and asked for pictures tell those people he's bad. chris walker's bad yeah you're bad dude. how could you not ask the dude. for pictures well uh because i mean because then i need to. do consent yeah it takes. he didn't think about the consenting he just didn't do. it takes a lot. more time thought about doing it. and thought i don't want to. do all the work yeah. so so here's what the advice. is tell those people stop looking like ask ask. no no the people who comment on it. oh right ask the people if they've ever heard of humans. and the brains yeah yeah. yeah true because if if they've heard of humans. and the braids that they have they wouldn't. actually ask that question. because it is a very common. thing um hello sigmund freud. no don't do that knock but it's honestly. why you've always dated girls. that look like dad yeah right. no but you always you you do you look. for someone that has the qualities the good. qualities come on and sometimes. you're bad the bad ones. typically not typically even. but it is a very common. thing that both men and women. do they seek out. the opposite sex parents yep. like a lot of women i know. even if they like purport to. hate the qualities that they that. they're sort of taking on they date. men and end up with men. who are just like their dads. sometimes even look like them. and the truth is men. do that too uh hello. knock knock we're in traffic. also to say knock knock and also do the knock knock is absolutely. redundant yeah um but yeah and and then women like their their dad right that's what they say like oh like i just said you were talking about did you say that. yeah yeah okay cool yeah. that's why the sexiest thing you could say. to a woman is hey if you make a mess. you better clean it. up that's why every girl is from long. island and and the daughter of an abusive. dad haha interesting but they can't. help but they go like this. i i do [laughter] after yourself. i have to laugh. like that now because i'm sick. that's so dumb dude. it sucks and and then and then when they bring it. when the dad brings them. down an aisle and she's supposed. somebody says after yourself and she doesn't like it. and then the guy goes i do and then afterwards. the ceremony you should drop something. he says so secured us. to get to that so yeah. man it's not about the people. who are dragged up in this. did you just rewind your yeah. i'm trying not to say bad. words oh you were yeah. you can say bad words now. okay for [ __ ] sake wow the [ __ ] up people in this situation but are that's right. knock knock hello sigmund. freud beep beep knock knock knock knock uh. are the people who who say something. about it i'm like oh your fiance. really looks like your mom like what. a dick thing you say yeah. because now when you're having sex. with your fiance you're gonna be thinking about your mom. yeah no one wants that. you can just knock on their head. and be like sigmund freud. yeah exactly knock on. their skull and say that's what. you should do wow your fancy. looks a lot like your mommy look at this. hello sigmund freud you ever heard. of him yeah is anybody knowing that. uh is anybody i look. at pedro pascal over. here oh no dude it's the pedro pascal. yeah they already named it. that well he added a shot. didn't even ask for it. but knows me well also dude. what's up with the no. when the ice melts by the time. the post mice gets. here oh dude oh the guy from police. academy so yeah it's on. them the people that are calling it. out verbally to you a preacher. are to you guys. want me to. go ahead go ahead no the people the people who are calling it. out to you okay because i knew i knew i saw it. all right you did it. good i just i was doing. it good yeah no but come on yeah. okay shut up okay. uh they're the people who have the problem. you're not doing anything wrong uh yeah. i'm sure your mom's noticed and that's maybe a little bit. weird for her but man mom this is stacy. she's just like this wow well. they turned into. what scanners tom cruise. all right cool uh all right. we can do the next. one yeah hey guys it's me. pause she got that throat. piece dude yeah everyone everyone has eyes. what everyone has eyes so we see it. so you don't need to. say anything you don't need to. pause it no but i'm saying i i should get a throat. piece okay right i don't i don't know but i did know you were gonna somehow. make it about you now. let's start over give her the okay. well that's why i said pause. that because i want to. talk over there's a bad reason. to pause right she has a good throat. piece oh good throat piece what is it. i don't know what it is. all you said was that it. was a throwback honestly. having a throw piece is. [ __ ] awesome no matter what it doesn't matter what it is i'm being dead. serious see you later man. what if it was uh big guy just like slamming a giant. penis of his into. a like a big tree so you're not right. for this company um yeah the tree is like falling. because his dick. is so heavy and powerful. you know so here's what i'd like uh. i don't know you want your take on. it picture like a guy his penis. he's holding it he's swinging. it into a tree. but the here's the thing it's so big. and it's so mighty and what do you do. with that what would you do. with that yeah come back with something. ill wow that's really good yeah. okay that's cool i could see it. maybe a different size um yeah. uh okay so let's look at the what the what. the throat piece lady wants to. say hey guys it's me. jamie again from calgary alberta. i just wanted to. give you guys a little bit of an update. first so i did take your advice. and sent my ex. that podcast episode wow and he by. the way this is the ashes. the the exboyfriend left and said yeah go ahead. his uh his father's ash is at her house. when they broke up. yeah and uh he took her his ps5 and left. the ashes behind and uh yeah okay and was like mail. them yes yeah and i was like mail. them i don't want to. come get them yeah. other stuff like he was saying. like can you respect my father's ashes. by putting him like on the mantle. oh yeah wow wow wow that's right. all sorts of crazy. [ __ ] going on with this one all right good job. anthony thanks anthony not marco. suddenly just wanted his dad. back immediately so wow he is no. longer with me uh you guys. completely solved that issue. for me thank you so. much um did it second thing. i want to. say is matt i completely agree. with you we are meant. to be together how can we deny our. compatible hairlines slide into. my dms this is me. shooting my shot my dms are open. for you in public. third thing i want to. say is this is a followup. question um and it's completely. unrelated to the whole. ashes thing uh but i have a an autoimmune disease. called ulcerative colitis no it's very similar. to crohn's disease no no yeah i know it. yeah um i i had to. get my large intestine removed. when i was 13. sorry. to hear it um and it is a big. factor in my life um is that something. as far as dating goes. is that something that would make you apprehensive to. date someone if they have preexisting medical. conditions that do impact their life and may impact. their life even more down the road. is that something that you would kind of be. cautious of dating someone. or would that not be an issue. for you at all i'm just curious. um because i just tell people when i'm going. on dates i just tell people that's right. because if you can't deal with it. then that's not going to. work i'm just curious to. know what it's like i don't the other end thank you. guys again so much. matt can't wait to. hear from you and my dms um you know. no she doesn't she made that clear. she likes me yeah i i yeah. i actually was thinking about this. the other day because they someone called in on golden hour. and did the same uh asked this. ass something uh somebody had something not that. but they were like when do i tell oh a kid. it was a kid. that std and um and a kid. had an std no i'm just kidding. oh that's the std you get oh oh yes it's a hilarious. joke i would have gone it if i wasn't a little bit sick. yeah okay that's okay. yeah and you would have laughed regular not. that way because you don't laugh. that regularly right yeah exactly. so anyway um yeah the uh you know. well something like that i think you don't have to. bring up first date. no no but that's also not the question. the question is yeah i know. the met we as men. i know the question well go ahead. and answer it i'm saying first of all my thing. would we and then okay so then what is she i would not. i would not i would let love lead. yeah if you i mean i actually think it's like it's sort of the inverse. of a red flag like like emotional. or psychological damage is much. more concerning than some kind of. like internal physical damage oh yeah like and that i don't if i really loved someone fell in love. with especially if i just like met. someone fell in love with them. and i found out they had all. sort of colitis i would not oh whoa. whoa whoa not even for a second. yeah exactly not even. for a second you would correct me. if i'm wrong but you'd be like okay. well what do we have to. do to make it. to where you're comfortable and everything. is okay and like we take care. of you yeah make me a part. of making your life better. yeah 100 whatever i can. do i would too and and a lot. of people are like that. i think yeah i think most any guy. who's like it doesn't matter. how much i like a girl if she had ulcerative. colitis she's gone well hey that guy is a [ __ ] loser right and your peace what is that. you piece oh piece of [ __ ] yeah yeah that's horrible yeah loser piece of [ __ ] and also like what are you like that's like an actual psychopath move because there's like no feelings yeah yeah of actual feelings of love it's just like this completely superficial dumb thing all sort of colitis i'm not too clear on what it is but i know yeah she got her intestine removed large intestine she said yeah which means she's got to. go potty way quicker. after she eats right. it also means there's way. more room in there for you. know what disgusting the most disgusting. you've ever been a big. old winky i mean she might be. for you yeah if you got a big old what are you. doing well you don't so you shouldn't hit. no i have a big. winky i have a big. wing all right trying. to get around the youtube. yeah no i don't i i would. not even like it like if kristen had something like that. i wouldn't even everything would be the same. except for i would be concerned about. it i want to. help and she would be in pain. more often well everything will be the same. in the relationship oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah anyway uh well yeah my sympathy. goes out to you for having that. but any guy if you get any whiff of any guy being like having trepidation. because of that guy's a [ __ ] loser. yes psychological damage it's psychological [ __ ] is way. worse usually people with physical. symptoms or physical uh ailments. ailments also have more psychological [ __ ] up [ __ ] because they have to. deal with them they don't know how to. but you seem a very good. uh see i think the almost the opposite. because they have to. deal with it yeah and then they overcome it. they've gotten to this. point so far and they've like persevered you're right. people go through physical [ __ ] at a young age it really changes. them you're right dude grow. up yeah you're right. dude it changes and i can admit. when i'm wrong oh okay. but it's not even really that. i was wrong no it. wasn't so stop yelling is what i'm gonna. say yeah i was just kind of feeling. it out i was as i was talking and then you kind of helped. with that okay well i'm glad i could be of service. to you but yeah it. makes yeah yeah yeah okay first i can just stop talking okay. so i can just finish. doing this uh yeah it makes you be that. much more of an appealing. potential partner because you are more. likely to have your [ __ ] together upstairs. than your average person even so it's actually. a plus and if guys are not think of it. that way then they stupid. especially because they're not realizing. they got extra room. in there for god hey man. that's so not true you know. they're mystery so not true. like oh about the doctor was like but there is an upside have you. ever heard of a large. winky um take two. of those and call me. in the morning uh yeah uh yeah okay. well next one so bored. okay i saw you in chicago. on new year's eve a couple. years back and i saw you in rockford back. in the fall wow that was hilarious. as always uh i got one for both. of you guys i need uh both. sides of your input okay. uh i'm 24 my little brother's 18. and now that he's 18. he thinks you know he's the big. man in the horse sure. big guy with the last name. and i gotta knock him down. a few pegs i'm still. a big bro chris um what is something. you have done wish you would have done. or would do as an older. brother to you know kind of let matt. know where he's at and matt. what is something that will really get under your skin. or something that chris has done that bothers you uh any input. will be helpful gotta remember that. i he's got to. remember that i am that. guy so please guys there's not that much thanks. dude there's not that. much first of all it's a deeper. on this guy but go ahead. okay it's a deeper. so it like literally just got done. digging um i i you know. uh i i don't know what i would. do to i don't you. know what i mean like he's asking what i would do to. like check you yeah we're not like that. yeah we're not like i've never been. like that we did grow brothers. are like that though we're just siblings. in general not even just brothers yeah. it's weird how much we're not. like that actually yeah and and uh and and i was pretty much. always good to. you well i wouldn't that's actually not the same. thing no it's not but i would i i think that i'm i wouldn't. go that far and one time. when we grew up you you. one time when we grew up. you realized that i maybe you thought i wasn't always good. to you you weren't. that's why it really makes me. think really [ __ ] up i mean really [ __ ] me up well you should have been different then but what i what what was i doing. that wasn't good make a funny. in front of your friends. no okay no making fun. of me in front of your friends. uh that was a big. that was a big nice thing. yeah okay uh well that affected. you that that affected you. and i know it did and i you know. so then you were bad. you're a bad brother. do you like who you are right. now mostly mostly well it. could have been because of that. right yeah no it could be the little part that. i'm not it's probably that um yeah. i i uh yeah i i so that would be the thing. making fun of you and from my friends. that you wouldn't have won. a clown his ass. in front of your boys. dude make him feel like he's [ __ ] selfies where do we set. it do it and make him [ __ ] cry for three. days in his room see how that goes over. before you guys all want to. come over hello oh hey come on in nine. guys hey you're fat. my brother my little brother. he's a big man. in the house yeah big man. like this big man. now fat guy right. i guess man you're a dick. they leave see you guys later. see ya you want to. come to the to. the 18 year old i guess. life oh lifeline is the question. toward me what could you how did i do he said what. did i do that got under your skin. oh that that's my answer. for that yeah yeah anything else yeah but what about. you then what well my his question. for me is what should i have. done to check you a little bit. more but what should he do. is what he's really saying to. check his brother right. well he did ask me. that and you didn't answer. because you said why. don't you do this. which is relating it to. your answer which is a good. one i answered my part. yeah no you answered also my part. wow two birds one stone we did it. it's not the thing where you should. be bragging about we did it we did it. we did it all right. so if you have a big mr. winky you can have. sex with her no i did. good on the question. and you did good too. okay and it's called now. again all right this. feels so good in here now. though let's go let's go let's go. baby what's up brother. yeah hell yeah a giant. dude a [ __ ] absolute giant. with a regular coffee cup. makes dave bautista look. a regular sized wow dude. dave batiste is the biggest man. i've ever seen in my life. and when you shake. his hand it's like wrestling. a wall okay oh what i want. to know is why is his head. uh wrinkled as [ __ ] bald. guys everyone says like that. when they're bald especially if they're big forget it. oh okay mine's not the raw. the the rock though. is that radio the rock. is like that too it. might be a side. effect of the [ __ ] and i'm not gonna say i don't want to. expose everyone and i don't know david diesel. like that but it could be the ruins. and i'm not i don't mean. that right again i was like yeah. right and dude if you look like put it this. way if hugh jackman. shaved his head bald. when he was shooting wolverine. right i'm just saying would have had hot. dog sausages under there like that. [ __ ] rodeo and juliet dude okay. okay all right let's play this. guy next one chris i saw you in providence. it was amazing wife actually gave me uh. the tickets to. the show and i have the and i watched her. tune in to. meet you after the show oh yeah. um when i met you about i brought up. a real hitting issue and i think we need to. talk about it a little bit more. okay and the issue is well as you know. your last name is delia. yes my last name is demilia. yeah i remember this. and we have an apostrophe. between the deep yeah i remember it. and yeah oftentimes when i'm trying. to sign up for something. or book something let's say like a flight. yeah um no apostrophe the website. just does not accept the apostrophe. it drives me natural character. it's like an ampersand that's annoying. yourself 39 other times. i'm at a company and they're looking. my name up and they can't. find them because of the posture. at all yeah pick one. life and usually it's because they're either. missing the apostrophe or they put. a space so right. i want to. raise awareness of this so my question is how do we deal with this apostrophe and how can we make this more of a known. thing you know i'm also beginning. to think that the real conspiracy. so well spoken theory with your uh youtube. pages because of the apostrophe oh cheers. guys rehearsed it 25. times before he did it. yeah dude we're going to. want to go back. to that one by the way. because i want to. see the beginning of that again. but it's so annoying that life. doesn't have a way there's so many names. apostrophes in it dude. it's like why with the apology. community is up in arms because why why. because it's a it's it's a it's affecting a group. that isn't put upon. enough to get together. to try to. change it yeah i understand. it's not oh well then why. the public because basically oh no. i get it no i get it. because a positive community the apostrophe. community is a community but but people act like you know of course trans. and blacks and asians yes i get that but the apostropy community. is [ __ ] real but not really because the the oppression that we're facing is just trying to. fill out an uh uh form online. but why why isn't an apostrophe. acceptable why is it ampersand. quote 39 dash yeah whatever because people go like this whoever's in charge is to. go uh yeah i didn't really get around. to it yet and then and then other guy. goes like this yeah but doesn't it seem like there's nothing to. get around to there's just make it possible. to put it in it's not. a letter though but it's a character. they only take letters they should take letters and also the apostrophe. because those are in a lot. of names yes you're right. you know what this is discriminatory on italian. dashes are in names. they are did hyphenated names. oh right yeah do they take those i don't know. i'm assuming they do they they obviously. have a um it's against italians forms yeah but french people have it. too yeah uh apostrophes yeah i know. oh okay so that guy. go back to the beginning. of his video a lot. of african names out. can you why take this. hit before your brothers. so [ __ ] christmas to. do it wow dude. the balls to take that. pause hey what's up. delia brothers dude such a mob boss. holy [ __ ] literally under him i got like this i wire around his neck. dude what's his name he's like the demilio isn't that. the same last name as the girls. i don't know yeah but that's different. oh it is okay. uh all right well yeah we need to. get a group together. me him and you yeah but and this is why. i'm saying it hasn't happened. because there are too many. people like me who are like ah i can't. get too up in arms about it. i'm not passionate enough about. this if it was like we were being persecuted in a real. way then it would be different. as some girls those are the groups. that create actual change nobody's getting. beat up you know yeah there's no racial slur. like yeah you high commas no. yeah no there's [ __ ] for italians yeah but that's not yeah they're there's form filler like online people what you said a high commas you up for decker commas yeah yeah uh i think we're just destined to. have issues with this until until someone starts beating the [ __ ] out of us. and then we use that because of that. com you know race. this [ __ ] kicked out of you because of that yeah that's what i'm saying okay you [ __ ] you know what i mean yeah i do top level periods with wow you know jumping from the top line you know in a wrestling ring all right all right we're done with that hey mountain chris hope you're doing well love the show my question is about my husband so he loves video games and he plays maybe like five hours a day divorce him um i've always tried to. support him in his hobby. and not try to. like take it away. because it's just what he loves. to do but the problem. is he doesn't really have other healthy. lifestyle habits divorce hobbies and i really. value like having a productive healthy lifestyle. so it's a divorcement like spend so much. time playing video games um so i'm just curious. at what point do you think. video games like get to. be too much an addiction. um and just how would you deal. with a situation like this. thanks is he making the yaper. or not i would divorce him. if he's making the yap. or good if he's not making the game. okay and also if he's being being with you if the video game. playing is getting in the way. of your relationship or the yaper. you got to really have a talk. in any way though not like if it's made him. if it counts. if it's like making them late. to some stuff that counts. yeah of course yeah it has to. be more his mood later. on yeah if you can like talk. to him while he's doing. if it's if he's just like around. the house for five hours. and it's like me did. you say five hours. a day yeah yeah so listen. to me you're young enough. to get out your days are 19. hours your days are 19. hours because of this [ __ ] video game playing [ __ ] oh no no no no no i don't agree okay i don't know okay first of all we don't have all the context. okay give us enough. no because what if his job. is being on twitch. and making money playing video. games obviously she would have said that oh and people aren't nuts okay. but you could be absolutely. up to lunch but why. make that leap everyone calling in could be absolutely. out to lunch. dude if if your me time. is five hours a day. it's probably too much okay. if you're in a relationship if you're trying to. have a family i know. she looks young you know. what i mean yeah but like you know. he might be like it's not five hours. a day you know sometimes. i don't play saturday sunday. with every other caller. let's assume guys take it. at face value okay that is the truth. what would you what what. do you advise to. her i think five oh okay. if we're just taking it face. foul i think five hours. a day is is too much. it's a lot yeah it. is too much yeah. yeah uh so she's saying what she what could. she do what should she do. you're saying if it's if it remains. to be five look you. have to decide if you want. to live with that or not because it's not. going to change others. do i think it's an addiction. i do think it's probably an addiction. if he's just you know. doing it five hours. because also video games. they're they're geared towards making you stay. it's like vegas with no. box exactly you know so it's like you're trying. to you're you're it's not gonna let him. leave he has to. choose okay um i'm i'm done with this i gotta throw my ps5 out. um but here's the thing. ask him as nice or as however. you want yeah can you do it. a little less right. about half of that. she probably has already right. but if she hasn't started there. start there but if like if you really want it. to change you should seriously. consider that he's not going to. yeah because assuming you have asked. for three hours instead of five or something. like that and he hasn't given it to. you why would we imagine that. change is around the corner. he he doesn't appear to. be giving you any reason. to think he's going. to change and also you gotta if you say like look. you know i think this is because the the definition. of addiction is if it's getting. into the way of your of your other of your of your life. you know what i mean. so if you're willing to. be like yo this upsets me. and if you're gonna be playing video games. five hours a day. for the rest of our lives. i don't know if i want to. be in this relationship then that's what it. is and it's affecting his. life and you know he probably will because he's a guy. i would have gotten defensive. and been like what the [ __ ] you know like oh wow it's what i like having fun why are you trying to. control me you know i make money for this. for the for us it's okay. like whatever it is it's just you know. i don't know man like yeah i i mean. at first i was joking. about divorcing but like if that. really you got to. be real with yourself because you can't. assume he's gonna change you got to. decide if it's good. if that's workable for you. because what if he doesn't change moreover what if he gets worse. five hours a day. i've heard people 10 hours a day. 15 hours a day i've heard people they don't. leave their bedroom but we used to. play in our 20s. we used to. play a lot and we don't. why we just don't play. anymore i never would spend five hours. a day by myself playing video games. well you know there would be the odd. idea that i was playing. with his friends online. that's the difference now though. everyone really seemed to. be have it have a thing for defending. this guy and that's pissing me. off i just i like to. look at the whole picture and you don't you. know if we could but we can't so we got to. take our word for it. okay all right all right. no yeah it's a tough thing. man bring it up. and say yo yo it has to. change like yeah so be real. about it yeah be very real. about it be like look this. this is not okay. we're a young couple we got to. be out in the world doing things. getting to know each other better. hidden mr winky up every. day every day or at least. every other day hitting mr. winky up waking up mr. winky dude starring richard dreyfuss dude. you are too young. yeah to be okay. with just a 19hour day every day. of your life with your husband. well okay how young she looks mad. young she looked like she was like 20. during their 20s. yeah or she is okay. all right yeah is my beard. painted on yes what so you guys. can't even say anything. about it but here's my question. my brother plays video. games a lot and this. one specific video game. he's always like i gotta work. and i'm i'm like work it's your day. off he goes no. i gotta grind destiny that's the name. of the game huh. and i'm like you know. what i mean so what's like a what's like a funny. thing that i could say a funny. clap back that i could say to. him in those moments because it makes me. just want to. pull my hair out of my head. and be like how about you go. to the gym but you know that's just me. because i'm trying to. project on others what do you guys. think he's saying that his brother. says i gotta go to. work and then he says yeah and then he says no i know i know i don't actually. have to work i gotta grind. on destiny i think the only thing. to say is oh okay. well if you keep that up. your destiny is to. be a [ __ ] loser that's it. you're welcome bye bye bye i. mean that's byebye i knew. that wasn't going to. be the end of it. bye bye now bye bye. shave bye bye well he him. shave bye bye cut your hair. byebye i know his brother. has the same hair no i'm saying about him. yeah yeah i don't know. that's uh they don't ever. say something is something it's not don't. say you have to. work wait i gotta do you gotta go. to work why he even included. that part of the story to. us like what what what bearing does. that have on the point. he's trying to convey to. us none do it again. do the video again. and and don't do that. part so what we'll do. what part then just the part. about what are you doing. today i'm gonna go oh yeah yeah like what. because his brother's like yo. dude i'll see you in a little bit gotta go. to work only knows the songs. from like the first november. yeah by now right. there is one actually i know what is it. who knows but what is it. all right okay cool yeah that that. yeah all right all right next. hey chris and matt i'm a huge fan. chris i'll see you in minneapolis. this little guy asked. me if i'd take him in i've had them for about a week. and i fall in love with them. oh um but if i'm being truthful. i just don't know if i'm fit to. be a pet owner. at this point in my life. i'm a college student and the responsibility. has been very overwhelming um and i can't just take off. like i used to. or you know extended amount. of time kind of like having a show. but the main concern is that if you would need a medical procedure. or a surgery that i would not be able. to afford it and obviously i want. to give him the best. quality of life possible um i love him. very much but there's just been other things. like my whole sleep. schedules messed up and she just got it. for a little bit but i don't know. like my boyfriend had an honest. conversation with me was like you. need to really think about this. yeah i get what's going. on okay is this something. that you are willing to. commit to and like do all the things. like to the best. of your abilities so anything. helps thank you are you. overthinking it your boyfriend understandably doesn't want. you to keep it but it's new. give it more time. yeah because i'll tell you what about. a cat it's gonna as you as my brother. just put it it's kind of like just having another shelf. in your house yeah it. does nothing it needs. nothing yeah it takes care. of itself it takes pride in doing so yeah. it doesn't really need anything. from you it just needs. you to leave food. for it yes when you go away. and take the [ __ ] out of its box. my buddy said he had a cat. i go over his house. how i'm like does he i never see. it exactly yeah where is it. you've got a cow where is it. it's nothing like nothing like owning any other no. no no and i also also her boyfriend. your boyfriend sounds like a bit. of a [ __ ] dude his boyfriend's just he's trying. to make keep his life. convenient the cat probably comes. up on the bed. when he's trying to. move yeah with his mr. winky and you know. it's an inconvenience for him. but who cares having a pet. is the greatest thing you can. do as a young person. i truly believe that. because it's a it's a good bridge. it's a good bridge to. the responsibility that is required. of an adult and there's no better. time to learn. that in college she said she's in school. right yeah i don't think i think you're jumping the gun. here you're also worried about things. that aren't necessarily going to. happen like a medical procedure. yeah also you can get animal. insurance it's mad cheap. and it covers a lot. of drastic things that animals. need it's like 12 a month. or something oh totally worth it. if you're worried about that. um yeah and uh i don't know. i i think that uh yeah. i i think just roll. with it a little longer. yeah just give yourself another month. like she said it's been a week. i think hold the cat. keep the cat yeah keep the cat. no keep the [ __ ] no pussycat. he's saying so i need to. bleep it out yeah. well obviously um well not obviously to. the you know the algorithm. yeah okay who's algorithm. no but yeah that's the end. of the show yeah that's horrible. uh but i will see you in minneapolis. april 1st thank you very much. for coming uh hopefully you're bringing your boyfriend. and not your cat um but yes you go. to chrisley dot com. for tickets milwaukee minneapolis austin. midland uh uh uh ohio. and a bunch of different. places you if you have a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com click this. description link below and if you want a oneonone with your boy. pimpin pimpin bout it bout. it baby baby matalia you go. to matalia dot com. book a oneonone session we go. real deep on whatever your problem. is uh what else that's it. hey oh like and subscribe. dude like and subscribe thanks. guys yeah [music] 