 [music] run h. hello hello hello will hello hello hey guys here we are lifeline. episode 101 and today's episode. is brought to. you by te hanley men's. skincare we'll talk about more. uh we'll talk about this. later more in the show and yeah. yeah yeah yeah i mean adding nothing. to it right now. at this we will later. on in the show men's. skare baby yeah and so that's what's up. and you can also come watch. this episode and also watch us on patreon. patreon dot com lifeline lxury. that's where the real. stuff the real hot heat. is um the real deep rich. raw beautiful glal a chocolate commercial glistening. not just none of it. is it's none of that's none of it. the richness is palpable when you watch there's not palpable richness. um palpable richness anyway uh if you got a question click the link. in the description below or go. to watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline 213. 973 895 if you want oneonone advice sessions. with matt check mata dot com. and get our merch. lifeline merch dot com. uh and you can check out. the private record uh which is matt's new podcast. that's doing very well. and uh it's very good um and otherwise i want to. see godzilla minus one. did you see it uh no but it sounds. like you just made something. up when you said that. godzill the way it came out. of your mouth was like it's not a thing. that exists and you just made it. up as a it's something. it also sounds like something. that someone just made up on the fly. godzilla minus one look this. is nothing against the movie i've only heard amazing. things about the movie people i really trust have told me. the movie is amazing but godzilla minus one. that's what does minus one. mean it's math and godzilla isn't math. is all i'm saying well it. is you have one. godzilla and then you subtract. one godzilla but it's not the kind of title. that's confusing that makes you go. oh that i want i want what. they mean it's like not good. title yeah it's like mixing. ideas almost a good title. okay go godzilla squared is what it. should be godzilla minus a good. title godzilla to the nth. degree um just godzilla with the check thing. over it you know yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah um wait. what's the check thing the that. means to square root. it right no isn't the square root just the actual or divide it. what's hey oh p up. a square root thing no it is it. is we don't have you. i want to. see it cu i forget. everything about everything from school. poetry um yeah dude. it's a lifeline it's there we go. that's what it's called. a radical symbol yeah it's. radical dude just we go. like this you square root you get the right. answer you go no way. dude um so so uh a sheep. a b a badass sheep. dude a sheep on a surfboard. a sick ass sheep. all right so anyway um it is going. to be episode 101. and it is crazy. it is episode 101 having dr. dre uh on the last. one was very cool we did. it special you know. we don't normally have guests. we've been actually think it. went very well we've been thinking about having guests. now but not every time um you're right. now what you're going. through every single thing like you're in an extreme. hurry oh are you in a hurry. i think i'm just i think i'm it's just that. i'm a good podcaster you. know on so much coke. you know on just so much. coke take the magic mind. is that why yeah watch this. can't believe oh that was pretty. cool that was pretty cooled acting so much like tom arnold. dude how much is he how much is chris acting like tom arnold. right now he he he mak just goes wow. all right so so listen. um it is what it is. babies and we're doing it. right we've said nothing. so far this podcast. yeah but you've said a lot. dude you're saying so many words you're going. really fast you know what it. is i like the energy. but it's like you're making me. a little nervous i'm loopy. why are you loopy. uh i got a lot. of sleep last night and then i woke. up and yes marv albert. i i worked chest and my back. yes together didn't ask you. that why you saying yes in the middle. wonder of describing what you're doing. and uh then i came home. uh and eight right so boring. and then uh i did i did congratulations. but why are you loopy. cuz i'm cuz you i did a podcast. already yeah i get it. i get it dude. sometimes we don't do this. a lot on the show. actually we don't really ever do. this but sometimes when you have to. like bang out several episodes. the very first time you think oh yeah. i could do three or four. three or four in a day. and then on the third. one you're just like i can't this. what have i talked about already. everything that i have ever known. and i don't need to. say and i don't know what else to. say now oh you mean already on. well yeah no it's like you mean. by the third time. by the third time. you're like i've already spoken all of the words. i need to today yeah. um but anyway yeah i don't like doing more than one. podcast in a day alas thank god we're doing hours. second i've done it the other way. and it is a lot. harder and why is that because then it's just me. with us talking we talk. about all the stuff. it's fun and then if i just got to. do a podcast solo. i i've it's like dude. when talked for so long my solo. podcast i franken ning dreaded. it i hated it dude. really even though it was. so good even though. i'd bang rang it out. and people would go they'd breathe. all over everyone and then know that. was the crowd they go and they'. all clap even. despite that okay which i appreciated. everyone in the world doing i hated doing. it because you look at the clock. and you're only 19. minutes in and you're just you want. to cry you know what i'm talking. about you're only 19. minutes in an hour. show and you want to. cry think about this the people. listening you guys you don't want. it to end that's why. isn't that the craziest well. what's weird too is. i can totally relate to. that as a fan of other. podcast that's what i'm saying yeah. it's true oh man. there's only 20 minutes. left and he's being funny i've never even. thought about it that. way one time yeah yeah people are like i'm like dude. maybe i just won't do it. anymore and people are like please don't please do it. yeah and i'm like all right. the people want it you need it. the people want it um but you glossed. over my wanting to see. godzilla minus one thing and it's kind of oh i'm sorry. man i didn't realize it. was so so important well i just want to. see it and i haven't seen it. yet and i'm pissed off. okay because it's you can you can alleviate. you can remedy that. one of those movie it's one of those movies that you have to. see in the theater because it's not streaming. yet and that pisses me. off and by the way there's other movies that you can't. see on streaming services i know. i hate it that's crazy. dude i hate it. sometimes they're big movies i wanted to. watch old boy and that's not on streaming. until about a month ago what yeah mhm. the original yeah yeah the original yeah you know as a matter of fact. i wanted to see. the original a year ago. i couldn't so i had to. watch the josh brolin one. oh god yeah no comparison. um really no comparison but then uh i wanted. to see that remember that. movie kids that came out kids. in the 90s of course crazy. cultural like they made a documentary. about i know that's what made. me want to. see the movie again you saw the dock. no i i know about the dock. i want to. see the doc i can't. you can't get the movie or the doc. anywhere the kid the main kid in that is from the town. we grew up in new jersey. kid the kid that plays. telly monair yeah oh yeah telly. wait the main kid the main kid dude. not casper not casper not the one. at the end who's like what. the [ __ ] just happened but uh ruined. it for every not the one. at the very end uh imag that ruined. it someone saying what the [ __ ] just happened oh well i won't watch it that's a great. ending no it's a crazy ending. but i i think i remember that. movie movies can't really be like anymore. huh but kids not. really they can't be phenomenons if they're like that. they can come out and have a little niche. audience and be celebrated by 12. people but they can't really like make millions and millions. millions and millions and millions. of dollars that's weird yeah i mean. everything's just so fragmented in niche. now that's what's up unless it's like a marvel movie. you know tonight i'm in sheveport. uh no wait oh that's sor. i already did it i did. it sh i mean came back. from the future no i'm say. you talking about i thought this was going. to come out oh dudee you actually. up were tripping me out. for a little while my birthday. my birthday shows in durham. uh what a way to. nor carolina though okay. would do you want to. talk about that now or i guess. well i want to. talk about godzilla minus one. but my birthday show is in durham. north carolina oh i'm going. to be in san diego. too i guess uh the march. 23rd i doing a a little spot there. uh my website i know. and then my birthday durham north carolina. northfolk virginia grand rapids fort. meyers sagen colona victoria bc. augusta georgia north charleston st petersburg jesus. chattanooga charleston de mo green. bay crystal dot com. i'm gonna be doing shows. all over there go get your thing. um cool godzilla bonus one. go to the thing i don't understand. why godzilla minus what's up. with they so have you seen. godzilla movies before ever. yeah yeah i've seen some how many. have you seen um like are you including. the terrible new ones like the one. with matthew bradrick and stuff. yes of course i am then probably why. wouldn't i come because when people say. the godzilla movies i think like the godzilla movies. came from japan i've never seen those okay. i've only seen the dope. matthew i've seen five maybe. four or five total yeah. i've seen all the new ones. and none of the old ones. wait there's two new ones. there's godz minus one. and then there's the one that dan. in well that's coming out. but that's not out yet. i don't think i don't believe uh no like next. week or something yeah. d isn't i follow. him on instagram he doesn't follow. me but dan's the man. yeah yeah follows you doesn't. follow me but so jealous. um but i want to. watch uh that one i saw the one. uh with i saw all of them. except for the ones. in black and white why would you ever. watch one in black and white right. because those are like the og ones. and they're bad i don't like them. honestly yeah but movies get after a certain time they're just going. to be bad you mean. before a certain time well no yeah that that. is another way to. look at it but what i'm saying. is you make a movie it's good. after a certain time it's going. to be after a certain there's like an expiration yeah. it's just it's like you know. you know that's that i don't. fully agree but i totally know. what you mean i was talking. to somebody somebody and i we were talking. about what movie to. watch and they read the synopsis. and i was like that sounds cool. and then the and then the person was like oh wait 1942. and and and then i was like oh yeah and they were like yeah. you can't really no movie. from 1942 is good and it. is true that like the good movies. from that long ago. get less and less and less and less and to. to to to the time. of it yeah there's a lot. of things going into. it godzilla minus one. is meant to. represent the effect on. his attack on japan oh the country was already at zero and in the initial stages of a complete rebuild and the titles equation of godzilla minus one is an miracal way. to represent that country. couldn't sync to any i'm so confused. yep same don't know what any of that. means that was bas basically written. japanese so that's that's entirely. you know whately okay that would have sounded. cooler though right. cool yeah it's gibberish it's complete. gibberish yeah anyway um i want to. watch it all right man. okay do you know. what i mean do you do you like we know. you want to. watch it is it boring. if i say that no it's not boring. it's just inc you said. it seven times has this podcast. been boring yet no i i i don't. think so so insecure. okay oh you're trying to. prove a point like hasn't been born no i'm not trying. to prove a point i'm insecure. this is what i don't like the thing. i wanted to say. earlier you said something i said that. blew my mind okay. and i thought of something i really don't like when people do when they go. like this instead of saying that. blows my mind they said they go. like this that is the worst. you know who does all. the time it was so bad. that our producer groaned you know. who does it all the time. brian cranon oh my god guar i guarantee. bri for sure yeah yeah also brian cranson never ever ever ever. said no when his publicist or manager. said do you want to. go to say that dude. you know i love brian. you know it's not i know. i know i do love him. i just get the sense. he likes to. like be at parties god. he's such a you know. what i'm talk about [ __ ] actor yeah he likes to. be at parties okay okay all right. let's start all right hey guys if you don't remember. with the friend who felt the need to. insult the other guys in the room. like this to impress the girl. who were there now don't. change that i have a different. question about the same guy. oh cool to. start me and this guy used to. be roommates or not anymore. he had to move. back to his parents. house due to some things. that happened but one of the things. i hated about him as a roommate. was he was very messy. he wouldn't pick up after. himself he would take dishes. in his room and leave them. in there for weeks and i would wonder where they went. he would shave over the sink. and leave his hair everywhere. really messing up that's disgusting. if you use the same s. but one day i had this. girl over and we're hanging out in my room. we're chilling and he comes. over and he's asking her. all these questions he's like can i i get you anything. to drink was he a waiter. do you need anything to. eat he the m of the house. whoa bro so usually you can't. even right rinse out your bowl. after eating your cereal. that's weird but now you're turning. into this girl's. personal butler right seems a little weird so i just want to. know am i overthinking it was he just being nice. or was he putting on an act to. impress this girl that was there for me. it doesn't even matter let me. know also you guys said i was flirting. with with you i just want to. let you know that's crazy. and i never be dude. hold on that's that's funny. but that that that's that's no it's funny. how he did that oh yeah. i agree it was good. acting so man and you know. we all know when it. comes to humor that you. know what's up no but i mean. like i could i could be really funny. if i wanted to yeah. for sure i agree with that. so um no that is uh that is you go. that is not that's that's not cool. that's definitely not cool but you know. what he is he's an op. the other guy's an op. he's an op that and the opposition he's an op. he's a hater dude. you're you know what you're already. weird around like last time. when we we brought in the video. already we we around the frs. my friends don't want you around. it's like when women get around. you go on the guy goes on. the fritz yeah now you come around. not only are you asking her. if she needs [ __ ] she's my guest. you're making me look bad. now now it's like what i'm not. doing what you're doing you're an you're an op. is that something or you making that. up something i've never dude. david sullivan did this once. with my wife my wife was like oh you're you're uh we went. to this place that we always go. to get it we haven't been in years. but we used to. go to the diner. she's like what do you uh. we going to get dessert. i said yeah dude i'm going. to get the brownie sunday. but i don't get the brownie. sunday i get the brownie. and then i get the ice cream on the side. no hot sauce and i just i like to. get the ice cream and the brownie. together cuz i could take some of the ice cream and some of the brownie as much as the ice cream as i want as much as brownie i want in one bite and then have it like that you understand. what i'm saying yes i do you do. okay i do yes dude so kristen was always like you know. what i like about you is. you take charge you do things. sometimes like i like when you order. for me i like when you this. and that she said those kinds of things. okay so dude i da. i'm with david sullivan and her and a bunch of other people and the waiter. comes along and says what do. you want for dessert. i say this is what i want. i tell him the thing i want he knows the wait. i always get it like that. and he says okay. i said and you know. what you should get it. too bab and she says oh really and i say yeah. it's really good and he says i said get so get one. for her and she says yeah i'll have one. and the waiter says and you want it. the way he has it. i said oh yeah get her get her the way. i have it and david says well hold on man. let her get it the way. she wants to. oh i'm pissed and she goes yeah. you know what i'll get hot. sauce and i say oh you [ __ ] it all up hey hey hey that's hey congrat congratulations this is not has nothing to. do with me hey don't even. ask me that's extra bad. so he's an op yeah. and basically david sullivan is roommate because that's op. behavior is your roommate david. sullivan but that's op. behavior but i'm i'm a little actually like confused. not by the what the guy. said if you say you're confused. by op i'm going. to get pissed off. no i'm not confused by. that at all so relax. not pissed off but what what is. this guy sounds so weird. he's a weird guy. like such a messy slob. and then someone else his roommate. invites a girl over and then he's suddenly like [ __ ] mr badier you know what he was he was in a good mood [ __ ] that guy you know what i mean where your mood dictates. supremely how you're like you. know what i'm saying like i'm feeling good. you know what i'm going. to be nice to. the woman i'm a nice guy. you're not a nice guy. dude you're dictated you're you're dictating to. your feelings and you're an op. he's op that's what op. you're really pushing the op. thing working on merch. testing out merch. but it's just like it's like you know. that's horseshit dude and that. guy here's the thing too you going. to have a roommate if you have someone that's your roommate. they're not going to be. your friend anymore in the near. future yes i said it even if you were friends before you can't you're so you're saying being someone's roommate means you're not going to. be friends yeah it's like having sex. with a girl that is your friend and and you date. her and then you can't. go back i have had not that experience myself. you're not uh i know me. too i i can do it. too but we're higher. highly evolved oh really yeah. i don't know man no. we're not i don't think that. yeah i'm dumb i'm dumb. i get dumber dude. i talked about this i get [ __ ] dumber dude dumber just in general or like it's just too much. [ __ ] going on i don't know about it you mean dumber in terms of the going. on in the world are used. to know stuff now i don't are. you worse at [ __ ] or better. at [ __ ] now that you're getting older better. at very few things so you're worse. so you're getting dumber yeah. that's true i'm worse and dumber. yeah worse and dumber. the wor the shittiest combo. as i age i get worse. and dumber have you met. my friend chris i think i met. him like eight years. ago oh he's worse and dumber. now eight years oh my god he's way. worse and dum he's. way worse but one of the thing. is one of the things. is too he's dumber um all right. next one he's an unfortunate friend yeah. but you're not his roommate. anymore no thank god thank god and he's an op. so now you know label. your friends that aren't your friends. anymore your ops one last thing. shaving your beard into. a sink whether you share. it with someone or not and not cleaning up after yourself. you are a [ __ ] heathen you are a disgusting. heathen we the disagree. police you disagree with that. the disagree police came by. and shot you dude. that is disgust you're disgusting. yeah no what is what what. how could you possibly. stop you know the biggest dork. in the world the absolute biggest dork. in the world that's actually kind of cool. free you're the disagree we're the disagree. police what do you have to. say about beards i won't say it. again no but how could you possibly. disagree with that answer. instead of doing that [ __ ] getting germs all over my drink you calling for backup disagree please. wow dude who's disagreeing putting your fingers in where my mouth. goes dude disgusting man got water. all you [ __ ] di disgusting. what a pig dude. we got a guy disagreeing over. here get all of your fingers. off my drink dude [ __ ] pig dude get out. of here the guy ar uh what's he saying. he's saying disgusting to. not even if you don't live. even if you live alone. yeah seriously oh oh my god that's crazy oh. the biggest d the biggest dork. in the world the biggest pig. in the world defend. defend your position about. shaving in the sink and not. cleaning it up oh my god dude. actually it's already [ __ ] up [laughter]. anyway sound effects you know switch. switch switch who's disagreeing no no no no no do. not poison do not. touch me poison you know. wow imagine listening imagine how terrible it. is to listen. to listen to. this only you got to. watch that if you have any but wait how about how about how he jumped off and the and you thought the airplane. was g and didn't caught him. i didn't care about that. at all i didn't care about any so what. i'm saying is it's not it's wait. hold on you know the best. part about that is there's some people that are listening. or watching this podcast. that are going to. think that that is so funny. that they're crying and then there are going. to be so many other people that are thinking what i thought this. is [ __ ] so stupid i hate chris well i think it'll be more this is so stupid and it's funny. because it's so stupid all right. thank you but um anyway but there will be people who are like i hate this. i don't think people watch. this show they hate it. that that is true you know. yeah all right so also go get me. a [ __ ] new perry know. ian will i get you do. you really care about that. i wouldn't care about that. i don't care dude. so uh awesome so hold on so you think it's gross. to leave the hair there it's just hair i don't like when people treat hair. and nails like snot piss and c. okay well first of all hair. and nails are dead. i'm cryst parts of other um dead. parts of other people's bodies. that's gross it's not really. though dude it's snot people but i'm not wait hold on. that you're conflating snot piss and come i didn't say. it was snot piss and come you know. what i'm talking about we'll let him. go okay you're adding that such a dweeb. dude robin williams [ __ ] dude jes christ all right. soit what were you saying i no one. compared it to. you compared to. i'm saying that's you're acting like hair. if somebody left her snot piss and come in the sink. like my roommate i would instantly. move out so it's not. at that level i'm just saying it's disgusting. an absolute idiot what you just. did dude in the corner. of my ear i just heard him. go talking we're [ __ ] having a great. time but here's the deal. it's so okay all right. so hold on if someone left snot in your sink you'd move out. no it's not piss and come i said. which is what you said. yeah my my point is will will you clip. your toenails in bed that's your point. that is the strangest point as a rebuttal uh will i do that. your honor would you clip. your toenails in bed arrest my case. will i do that like yeah. yes i would do that. there you go but what is the what. is that answer it's not. that disgusting but i would not let my toenails go. in the sink or in the bed. that i share with someone else. right if it's your own. bed do whatever you want. i don't care i'm not. in it but if it's a bed. you share with me i don't want your toenail clippings i don't want your [ __ ] any kind of hair in there yeah hair on your head who care i don't care about that dude i did a girl who i i did a girl who was like she couldn't be around hair from someone's head oh that fell out what that's happens all the time even people not having hair yeah you lose hair all the time exactly and she would be like she like so um no that's that's really stupid she's got she she has to. figure that out well we broke. up well she would have to. figure it out we broke. up k just saying for the next. person i don't know um yeah what even. one are we on this. the guy with the beard hair. trim the first one oh wow. all right let's go. to the next one. you're absolute psycho yeah go. to the next one. all right cool we may disagree. about the beard and the sy but there's one thing. we don't disagree about and that's men's. skin care and that's why. we are excited to. have te hanley as a. sponsor of today's video. my wife's been on me. about doing a skin care. routine and uh i'm like it's just too annoying. but these guys are simplifying the process it's the best. skains care system for people. that don't want to. do it and people that do want. to do it you know. but you know guys like you and me. that don't really do it. it's for guys like you and me. regular people i recommend you start. with their level one system which starts. comes with all the basics got daily. face wash to get rid of the dirt. and the grime on your skin. uh two times per week. exfoliating scrub to. get rid of dead skin cells. and an am moisturizer. with spf 20 because you should always be protecting. your skin from the sun. and also a pm moisturizer. to help your skin stay. hydrated and healthy throughout the night. my favorite part about. te hanley is that. every box comes with an instruction card. that tells you how to. use it when to. use it how much to. use it te chanley got. that figured out and it comes. with your level one system it's perfect but you don't have to. take just my word for it. uh they have over 7,000 f. star reviews on their website from satisfied. customers around the world it's not something you put off you want to. put off because prevention is key. you want to. start as early as you can get ahead. of any signs of aging. now which i did not but i'm making up. for lost time your future. self will thank you and because te. is sponsoring this video they're offering you an amazing. deal just click the first link. in the description to. get 30% off your first skincare system. and a free gift. plus as a member you'll also get 20% off. for life by the way. both gifts you're choosing are of $20. value and complete game changers. and we'll show you what we're talking about. there's a silicone body scrubber that chris is currently. rubbing on his neck. and face you can rub. it all over your body. it feels unbelievable it's my personal. choice but you can also go. with a nail and face grooming. kit which is also amazing but i'm telling you the silicon body scrubber you could just no this is the one netflix and chill with this. just doing on your face. doesn't matter so lonely. but awesome um don't wait. any longer click the first link. in the description to. start your skincare journey. today well your boy produced. so yeah this looks great. i've got a bit of an issue. um deeply and frankly embarrassingly in love with one. of my best friends. that's tough whole backstory last. year new year's i had this. epiphany moment where i realized that. i am in fact. in love with her oh. my god told her oh i blah. blah blah things happen we didn't talk for a year so cinematic. fast forward to now 2024. we're back talking okay everything's back. to normal is but last night when s we hung out. had a good time i beat her. ass in pool you know. but when i got home i immediately felt depressed. ah wow so my question. for you guys is what the [ __ ] do i do wow. i feel like an idiot wow. thanks dude imagine new year's. eve just five four he's like three two. catches eyes with her just one so. just streamers just all acquaintance. to three forgot [applause] that was the loudest. thing that's ever happened that was that was so my ears. are [ __ ] i know but is that why you said so cinematic what is that. why you said so cinematic. yeah oh yeah okay and just tears. and she's kissing someone else. hey hey yeah a little bit yeah. just a poer and everyone yeah yeah grabbing him he's like damn that's crazy. though to fall in love with your best. friend at a moment like that. to realize it in that. moment but i wonder why they didn't talk. for a whole year just cuz it was awkward. you think yeah he said he liked but then they can't. they hung out yeah because she probably wants. thinks oh he's over it. you could be friends. i don't know it's that's a tough yeah. or or she was like well i really miss him. maybe i do love him. that's weird it could be that. too dude i think if i'm him. and i get depressed. after that i would think the reason. i'm depressed is because i'm. so confused right now sometimes. that deep of a confusion can can make me. depressed because you just don't know which way. to turn you don't know. when you don't know how you even feel about. something that you have historically felt extremely strongly. about then things start to. change either on your end. or someone else's end and that. causes you to. reflect on it dude. that can really deeply like rock. my world in a bad. way h but i don't know. he didn't say why he was depressed. though either it's a whole year. later though well he might not even know why. he's depress i mean. probably the case yeah it's probably. a little bit to. do with the fact that he still he still really likes her. and wants to but you but you would think that i mean. maybe it just comes down. to like he's got to. be like his version. of like i don't know. if we actually can be friends. like i the way i feel. about you right yeah i because i would think if you're if you're him most people would think well great i either have to. tell her [ __ ] this up again or not tell her shut up about it. and just deal with it. most people wouldn't think the second time. around that it's going to. be work out any differ. oh i'm going to. tell her she's going to. love me but here's the thing. you' be nervous about the other things so that's probably why. he's depressed but put your head. in hers for a second right. okay why what the heck. what's up these tits why where's my penis. why would if you if if a girl you were friends. with right a woman you're friends. with says that she loves. you and you are like not feeling. it back it gets awkward. you don't talk for a year. yeah okay what on earth. a year later would make you feel comfortable. hang out with her nothing. exactly but exactly you're not taking into. account chicks men wouldn't do that. chicks are like okay then why. would a woman do what's the difference. because they think things have changed because they have a woman. brain but women don't fall out of love. quicker than men do what's no. i know but women will be like oh they they'll buy into. the fact that it's not that all the time. they'll buy to the fact of the just friend [ __ ] all the time. they do that all the time. cuz men almost never just want. to be friends with you it's not not always but most of the time. a guy is just lurking ready. this guy wasn't until he realized i don't mean that even he's not a bad. guy of course no i know. that yeah i'm just saying i'm saying. a man my brain. in a woman's body. would think the way a man. thinks but an actual woman who's lived. as a woman most women are like so i guess. my question though was what do. you think she thought not when when she re was reconnecting with him. well maybe maybe we could just be friends. again i really miss him. as a friend and yeah you know. i i let it i i told him. i didn't want to. be but what if she's not doing that. and what if she's like exploring the possibility. that she might be in love with him. too well if that's the case. you'd want to. find that out as soon as possible. exactly so i think you got to. say something cuz i don't think it's going. to dude i don't i don't think it's going. to work for you yeah. it's not to. the dude in the video if you aren't up. still upfront about it like you can say. you miss her cuz you probably do but like look i i don't. know if we can still just be friends. like we were before. i still have feelings for you. yeah you know and it and and then if that's the case. and she isn't into. you like that then it can. go away and you can you can get get her out. of your head it might take a while but you know. it's also i i i would probably say it's going. to be easier the second time. around because you've done. it already um but yeah you're not an idiot. i mean he's like am i an idiot. you're not an idiot oh god. no not at all this. normal [ __ ] it's normal. [ __ ] yeah and also deep down if you still like her you want to. be with her so you're going. to be drawn to. her and and maybe you know. often you have friends you're in the say friend. group you see her still see. her sometimes you know. what i mean you don't know. yeah it's tough man. it's really tough whenever a two. people are friends and one falls in love with the other or even when they both. fall it's it's tricky man. that's why my one. cardinal rule never ever be. friends with anyone okay next video. that's a tough rule all. right hey guys i'm teresa. i have a quick social skills. question hi teresa so. little background my whole life. i've always played like the therapist friend. role um just kind of someone that people have always over. shared to and i know that. humans especially now are super comfortable. with everyone in the whole wide. world knowing their business. but this has been like a longstanding theme. in my life and it's funny. because now i'm actually a therapist oh w. i work with children. with pretty severe trauma. and they are some of the coolest. kids wow it's got to. be intense though but it's not. the children i have an issue. with it's the adults i bet. it is people that used to. know me that maybe at one. point when i was younger over shared with me. i think they like misremember our relationship. our dynamic and they'll hit me. up and say like like hey uh i have something crazy. to tell you and in my head. i'm like no you [ __ ] don't the last time. we talked was 15 years. ago and it was in a hallway. full of lockers like you. have nothing to. tell me we both know. that but they persist and they tell me. the most intimate details of their lives and it happens all the time what just happening like just this past weekend it happened and i don't have anything clever to. like respond with when these old. acquaintances like message me on. social media and start. spilling their intimate details so if you have anything clever or anything funny to. respond with i'm here for it. is she saying that she's because she's a therapist or just because she's always been that person. i think it's the latter. but i would imagine the former. only emboldens them further to. do this you know. her sweater says therapy you know. i i think honestly if that happened. to me enough i just wouldn't respond. at all yeah same. yeah i and i don't think it's even good. to respond if you don't have. something wor in your mind. worthy of a of like if you think oh i don't have anything. good to say i don't have. anything interesting or clever or helpful. to say it's better to. not respond at all than it. is to to. say something funny or whatever like that you feel. like there's some pressure on you there's no pressure. like to say nothing. but also you're a therapist and that's your job. so it's like asking you to. be funny on the spot. yeah but but even worse. because it's medical advice. right in a way i'm just saying it's like asking. somebody to do their job. for them now yeah be like i'm not on the clock. but no but but you you you i wouldn't i don't yeah. if there's i don't know it's kind of [ __ ] up if somebody you kind of know. is asking you for like therapy. advice when you're a therapist if you really know. them then okay of course these are people. from back in the day. from people she doesn't she said something. some cases 15 years. that's crazy but that person's a crazy. person be like yo i diagnose. you as a crazy person. i know i'm aist that would be good actually. i mean that's yeah 15. years ago maybe you should say. actually maybe a really good thing. to say would be yeah i think you need therapy. book a session with me. or or someone that is convenient. to book a session with but i'm not going. to do some armchair dm therapy. even if i was going. to take you on as a client. would not respond now. with some kind of advice. that would be what's called. shitty therapy i'm not good. at dm therapy yeah. you know that's not something. like if you want to. make an appointment with somebody. and get actual therapy get therapized i would really. like i would look i would really like to. help you but the disagree. police are are are are are on. my case already and so i don't want the dis disagree police. to get pissed off. right what if she said that. that would be sure to. make them never write to. you again so there's that there's definitely that. piss off the disagree police sorry send the person other person reading. it being like what is that. a typo the disagree police. disagree police yeah all. right just write nothing you better. off saves time as well yeah yeah write nothing for sure. hello lifeline uh flipping the script. i'm giving advice to. you guys matt said that. he had never found jeans. that he liked to. wear i was the same. way for a long long time. we go until i found target. brand jeans good fella is the brand. name i know you guys probably. gna be like oh no. target can't do target. that's not fancy because you guys. are kind of fancy. in your brands but highly recommend target. brand joggers jeans the jeans. specifically super soft stretchy fantastic. hope this helps big fans. google these jeans oh. look at these i mean. they're just jeans you. know i mean sure i'm just saying i didn't expect them. to look like this oh wait. what they called good. what's jogg good fellow oh he wanted. it to be italian. dude he he wanted. it to be a [ __ ] hey break your balls. here all my life i'm wearing. good fellow jeans. right now anthony you are you are. yeah how are they our producer. they're they're comfy dude wow i wouldn't say. i actually have a like i i had a few pairs. of gar jeans they're. not as comfortable as those wow. g gar is. more comfortable oh yeah i'm wearing gice star right. now what yep go figure what's going. on dude it's crazy. it's a crazy world we live. in it really is such a crazy. world so good fellow. jeans yeah they look fine. they look pretty [ __ ] regular honestly. they look like regular [ __ ] whatever jeans. i'm going to be honest. those are not stylish. jeans they're just like i like the light i like the light col. the light colors are. fine yeah oh yeah you agree the lighter. ones yeah i dude. no listen you still have. a misconception about why. i don't wear jeans. no i know you don't like the way. they look i know i know that. yeah i don't like the way. dark jeans look though. oh that is true. but dark blue jeans. yeah light jeans are [ __ ] cool. looking what about black. jeans it depends but i think almost all. light jeans as long. as they look good i like i like them. better yeah dark jeans. are they're fine depending on. the cut the dark blue yeah. dark blue's tough dude i i think they always look bad. i think mostly they look. bad yeah right okay but they're tougher but they depending on the cut. is what i'm saying tougher. material no they're tougher to. pull off yeah depending on. the cut why are you getting. so impatient with me because at least confirm. that you've received me. saying depending on the cut that's not how conversations. work i'm sorry you know dad. used to always [ __ ] say i don't have. to respond to. that yeah he's right. and not in a world where i i live. in how do you get by. in the world when people don't acknowledge every last little thing. you say that is not how conversations. work that is not how they've ever worked. that is not how you've ever experienced. a conversation because you're in. the world and people in the world. don't do conversations like. that so they do they do who does that. me they do it who else. besides you does that them when i'm there your hair is like a 9.6 are you serious. yeah yeah english so [ __ ] english. are you serious 9.6 dude. i was just thinking about my hair. that's good when you were talking. i was just thinking about my hair. yeah no [ __ ] you were cuz you're you and cuz i was talking somebody else was talking and you were thinking about yourself. and guess what dude. my hair today when i woke up to. about four was so bad. it was a 2.7 come on it. was a three how is that how's that. even possible well okay if you take it. into account guys who actually have terrible. hair like bald guys and guys who have some hair so a full head of hair guys i was a 2.7 or a three do bal guys count. as guys with hair they're in the mix that's what i'm. saying no that's what i'm saying. so what i'm saying is when they're in the conversation. and i'm in the conversation they confirm. what i'm saying all the time. because i'll make sure of it. i'll be like right. you know what i'm saying hey but what do you think of that. what you're a conversation terrorist. you are a conversational terrorist. and if they say no i go. like this i open. up and i but um yeah no i i don't know. you know what the worst. is yeah you oh yeah that that. is there's no worse. than that yeah that is the worst. and i do not do that. no you don't no why. do people do that uh they're boring. get off of me. you know yeah don't don't be touch. me don't get on me. when we're like what even. is that god are you worried. i'm not looking or something. i'm not paying attention. and then sometimes people like dean. del r will do it like and you're like dude. stop moving me you know. yeah that maybe he's trying. to start a fight maybe you want. some oh good impression so uh all. right well what did what what. was the thing about i got totally derailed is. that about jeans the last. guy yeah yeah yeah yeah those jeans. are fine jeans i guess. but uh dark jeans. are tough to. pull off dark jeans are are. not the thing dad. used to always do that. dude i'd be like right. he'd be like what yeah there. was nothing no reason to. respond to that i was like well. i don't know if you heard me. or not dad's correct you. are don't you want to. give somebody a a confirmation. that the like okay like a little button on the conversation. times if it seems warranted sure of course but you do it about things. that don't require acknowledgement now if i didn't say. anything to that you would think you would have. pissed me off i would have thought. let's just do the next one. i want to. let you know that it's okay. and i'm not upset. by going like this oh great i i'm cependant that's what it. is you know what it. is it's that i'm cependant yeah. no yeah it is probably yeah. it is yeah [ __ ] glad glad we just uh figured that out okay next one up man. coming at you from chicago. i had a question about car. accidents um accidents mostly on. the highway so i drive a lot. of interstate roads in chicago. you guys deal with in la. do you think people should be punished have some kind of like social. repercussion for getting on accidents on. highways cuz dude i'm getting tired of being a half an hour. later to wherever i'm going. because someone decided to. get an a fender bender with decied 40,000 people behind them. trying to get home. from work kind of pissing me. off just want to. see what you guys think. i think people should honk at them. endlessly until they get off. the road or throw tomatoes at them. or i don't know just something there's got to. be a consequence let me. know what you guys think. dude the consequence is. your car's [ __ ] up the consequence is also the embarrassment of having all. those people drive by and hating. you yeah you know everyone hates. the legit karma is immediate. yeah it's the ah [ __ ] my car's [ __ ] up everyone's going to. see me i just thought of something. so funny what else would the consequence. be i just thought of something. so funny uh speaking. to dad and cars. hitting cars we were all. in the same car for some reason. this never happens me you mom. one of our girlfriends or maybe both of our you. talking about the story we always talk. about yeah yeah we've talked about it. in the show no but oh we we talk about it. almost weekly uh why are you acting. like uh because you're acting like you know. what i just thought about something. that was like from the archives. we on a show got it. i understand for me. i needed to. know that that's all these all of these people. are not with us all the time. i mean on it. i understand and and and we're going to. be he's going to. be telling you the story but i'm going. to be here with him. telling you the story he's not. telling it to. me go ahead so we're all in the car. together and we're crammed in which we never do. i'm kiding and like four of us. are in the backseat. this was and dad's driving. and he's going in reverse. backing out of his own. driveway yeah and all of our. cars are there cuz we drove to. their house to pile. into one car yep. and he's just going he's reversing real slow. like any normal person would and then all of a sudden. it just we just go yep. and clearly what happened was our car. hit another one and immediately clear. clearly also i know what. car it is yeah everyone does. cuz we know where your car. is because it was the only car. there and it was your car. it was broad daylight and our. dad just goes like maybe after two seconds. maybe less just goes chris. i hit your car like as if he had to. tell us dude we all go. and he's like this this like chris i hate your car. dude and dude we we just started. laughing all of us all of us. mom me you i don't remember who's there. was somebody's girlfriend was it might have been forever. like it was a long. time ago you could have been when i was married. yeah exactly you think so dude. uh yeah dude that that. was that was so [ __ ] funny dude. chris i hate your car. and now we always say chris. i hate your car yeah. yeah the the funniest part. in context was that. you had i don't know if you even remember this. you had just gotten your car. fixed when someone did that. to you before i only know that. because you always say that. after the story and and i would not have remembered. that oh really dude. that's so funny to. me you had just got like somebody had hit you in a parking. lot a [ __ ] envo you just got the car. back the gmc envoy dude. i i i just i i i rode that car. into oblivion dude it they didn't have side. mirrors by the end of it. there was scraped up wow i remember that. car wow yeah when did. you get rid of that. car when i got my uh like when i was 30. when i got my when i got that. mercedes remember i got that. mercedes oh oh my god remember that yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and then um yeah it. goes mercedes rs7 rs7 and then uh and then it's and then now and then now you're driving the now the hyai now. the new now cool man. no well yeah car accidents are. their own form of shame. we don't need to. add to it. everybody feels terrible when they get into. one everybody feels like a [ __ ] idiot they're on like public display for every not only that the embarrassment of being like oh they got into. a fender bner everyone driving by like i said hates them. yeah i don't think about that. so much what that like if i get an accident. or if somebody gets an accident and they're i don't get mad at them. i don't drive like this. [ __ ] dude it happens all you know they do but i don't i might i don't i can't think of myself i you know what dude one time i was on a i was in seattle. and i was on a uh what do you call. it a um what what are. those things that are in san francisco the trolley. right you you know that. they're connected to. the top and [ __ ] and they're on the we're on the trolley. and i think i was alone. too because uh i was with someone. we were at a wedding. and i was with my girlfriend. was in the wedding you know. so she had to. do yeah god yeah so i was just like ding. ding on a trolley. like a [ __ ] [ __ ] cuz only [ __ ] go on a trolley you well all moreover even if you're a non [ __ ] you become one because you got to. hold on ding ding ding. ding ding ding we go ding. ding ding d and s you're going. up you're going down yeah this what. happens oh okay we're in seattle. right and i go what the [ __ ] it stops oh sorry it's seattle yeah they never stop this stopped jeez ladies. and gentlemen we're going to. have actually accident you're going to. get off the wow i go. are you [ __ ] me jesus. so everyone just gets off. i look dude there's an asian dude. but i know that's the tired. joke is that the asian he was in his car. oh okay bro i thought he's already laughing. bro i get out of the trolley. he the you guys outside of his car. looking at the front dented. like [laughter] the like dude. like the trolley hit him. dude you hit the trolley. the trolley was one. sometimes you got to. sell it though you know i mean. you got to be like he was selling. it like he was like he was the rock. bro he was selling it. like he was [ __ ] hacksaw jim. dugen he he went up. to the he he went thing. was get the 2x4 like yeah no dude. it was crazy it was so i go like and i saw and i saw was was like for him. he's be the stereotype. what oh yeah so anyway well i can't believe that. happened yeah that's pretty weird. yeah how do you hit a trolley. they're so unhitable they're going two. miles an hour they're huge they're only going. in one line yeah exactly. not even in the road like what's the guy. doing the guy's just like uh okay. it's crossing okay it's done. crossing oh it wasn't done. crossing like dad like i maybe had a dad. moment yeah yeah he was a dad there. were other sometimes i have real. like significant brain farts while i'm driving. and like if asians get to. the point where they have their hands twisted. and and touching yeah the side. back they're they're confused i don't. know well maybe uh they're they're paying close. attention for sure that's what's up like they do that in windows. when they're on vacation yeah exactly. yeah like theyve never seen a [ __ ] vneck before. yeah like they like they never seen. an ornament or being racist. anyway um okay next one hi christen matt. hi um so i'll keep it. short i just got parton job. as a snowboarding instructor and my question. is or what i need advice. on is how to. talk to a group of people. so at the beginning of each of our. ships we have to like break off into. groups and um kind of like give everyone the low. down on like what it. means to snowboard and like all the little things. and just basically have a talking moment. before we actually go on the hill. and like show them how to. actually snowboard which that's the part. that i like i like to. just kind of like show do it. how it's done rather. than talk about it so my question. is um or if you guys. have any planners on on how to. speak to people how to. speak to strangers. without getting nervous and you know. just like any advice. that you guys have you know. on um not losing your train. of thought which i'm very good. at so yeah thanks guys she's saying she's she's joking. first of all you're so likable. like you don't have to. worry about that at all. you can lose your train. of thought as much as you want people. will be like oh she's so sweet. though like or so cool whatever oh man i always think about losing my train. of thought though yeah and i [ __ ] talk for a living. say what basically what you just said. say i'm not i'm not one. much for talking i much prefer to. show to do and show. rather than explain beforehand if any of you. have any questions ever stop me but if everyone's okay with it let's start sh some nar. let's just go shred. some nar yeah yeah no um well no. but you probably you probably have to. do the safety stuff and like the right. but if it's just safety stuff then that's easy. just do it you know. what to do just go. through the steps uh yeah um if there you're talking about like meeting and greeting. the new people in the class. or whatever it is i don't. think you need to. do much because here's the thing. though she's obviously your name yeah. she's but she's a young woman. and she's going to. be dealing with like all sorts. of people all sorts of ages. she's going to be dealing with. parents she's going to. be dealing with guys who are thinking. like what's this chick going to. tell me about snowboarding even though. they're going there with sn. you know what i mean. so like i understand the nerve. i'm making her so much. more nervous you know. by the way what i'm saying. but like but i understand. the nerve be assassins will be njas there. will be ninjas legit. ninjas and um and and donald trump. will be there too so but no but um it will. be it will be it is hard. but here's the deal on. a slope if you're outside with your gear. on that's the best version of that. because there's so many distractions and also people aren't necessarily going. to be paying attention. anyway yeah like trust me. so and what matt said. is you are likable. and if you lose your train. of thought just be like sorry. i lost my train. of thought what was i talking. about who can help me. involve them also your snowboard. instructor no one expects you to. never lose your train of thought. it's not like you're teaching a debate. class yeah you're not there. to speak no one want. no one even gives a [ __ ] if you're good at it. i'm not here to. talk i'm here to. shred some nar but there are some ground. rules yeah there you go. this buckles this and this goes into. that you're either goofy foot. or straight foot and here you go. there's the thing and now now look if you have any other questions. let me know wait lost my trend. of thought what was i talking. about oh yeah shred. and nar let's go. yeah that just i hope you. wrote that down because that's exactly. you don't have you have it. on on video yeah. you can just rewind play this. i'll do it uh yeah i get here's the thing. it's something he said it's it's very true. besides shad the nart is people are never listening. or even more paying close. as close attention as you think they are. people's brain think about you the last. time you listened to. someone speak that you didn't know. in a class setting or something. like that seminar or whatever. you were not really fully listening. yeah and if you were you weren't. really fully paying attention. yeah like we don't do that. as humans that's not how our minds. work the person speaking or delivering. the speech we get worked up. we get nervous we get scared. we get whatever but that's like that's not. necessary because we have to. remember what it's like to. listen to people we don't listen. we barely pay any. attention like my brother's doing to. me right now he could not repeat. 10 words exactly uh that i think it's a 9.6 but yeah so if that. might help ease your anxiety. about it like people are it. might sound weird to. be like no one gives a [ __ ] about what you're saying. whatever you want but that actually. is helpful i think because don't worry about [ __ ] up. there's no way to. [ __ ] up also uh the more you do it it's going to. get easy i mean i know this is you know. obvious but the experience is the best. teacher and i i coined that phrase. yeah you did yeah um but yeah no it is and uh you know. also let me just say i don't know. if this helps your confidence or what but your um you're not. the kind of person that seems like they need to. worry about that yeah you know. people seem you like i said you're likable. you're not this hard ass. you know it'll be probably okay. yeah you're do great nice you're going. to do great all right. one more all right one more because we took so long in that first one an assassin hey what's up. guys longtime baby here going. to get right into. it uh i had a threeyear relationship. that uh you know. started around covid uh you know. we got along really well but there were a lot. of things like our customs and and and values that we just didn't see. eye to eye on and i think both. of us were just kind of too. virtuous to call it quits. right but then eventually led out and we we had to. call it quits um fast. forward over a year later. i'm now happily married i have my first kid. on the way what uh super. stoked about that um but my ex. and i you know we we still. stay in touch and there's nothing romantic. about it we're just kind of cool. we share a sense. of heue and we're like we'll see. stuff on instagram like some chick. who works in an office. but gets a you know. highly produced photo shoot. done of her doing [ __ ] kunda yoga with her. baby bump out think that's stuff. fun or she'll send me. you know update on what her. crazy uncle just did who no one. else knows um now i've never given. my wife any indication that. we don't communicate or we have. some kind of beef or something. like that but it's not. like i tell her oh yeah i just heard this. thing from my ex. week you know what i mean. uh so i guess my question. is you know i don't want her. to think at any point. there's anything going on do i just randomly bring it. up and say oh hey i talk to. my ex every so often um you i just haven't really brought it up. for the past over year. that we've been together. or do i just wait for her. to inevitably have her head on my shoulder. and see a text pop. up from my ex. and go what's that and who's that. um yeah just not really sure. how to approach that and and obviously i want. to cause any risk. i'm in a pretty good relationship. but my ex and i are are are friends. and cool and we shoot. [ __ ] and joke. and then move on. with our lives let me know what you think thanks. what a what a what a well. spoken guy h well spoken also just a great. yeah but what i don't. get that is a good question. but what i don't get is why. why has it not come. up like why would it. come up or why. would she a part of your life. he's got a kid. with this woman well he said every once in a while right. they're not like yeah i know i people i gu i yeah. know i understand years long. relationships where my girlfriend doesn't have like know every single one. of my friends that i'm in touch with yeah. i know i know but like i keep in touch with a lot. of my exes the fact. that it's an ex makes it. a little bit yeah knows you know. um and i told her from jump. yeah cuz i you know. i did the thing where i was like yo. by the way i have friends that like are my exes. like i don't want to. i hope you're okay with that but i had that. really early on it's way. easier to do it. early on but then early on they might lie. and be like no it's totally cool. and then it's not you know. scratch your eyes up because you're talking. but no but but christ's always cool. with that [ __ ] so i'm assuming your wife's going. to be fine with it. that's first better but you got a kid. and and and i mean not you better. be he could go like if she's like i'm not comfortable. with this you just stop talking to. her he would probably just do it. because yeah yeah i was taking i like she's gonna leave you yeah. of course well no obviously not that. i'm just saying like you know. on the spectrum of things. that could happen one. is she could be like i'm not comfortable. with that you need to. stop talking or asap how how dare could. you tell me could you not. how dare you for. not tell could you tell me. how dare could you tell. me uh all the way up. to oh yeah that's that's cool. why that's weird you never told me. it's one of those two i guess. in anything in between it sucks. though that this guy seems like he's totally on the level. and well he is right. i mean we don't know. i mean if could have been next to. him right now i made the video you know but like yeah he seems really nice what if what if it was a whole. plan what if she really was next to. it's his kink. and then like he knows she watches. his wife watches his podcast. yeah and like but and it's his k. she's never talked about it but he saw on. like her youtube history oh dude. we're on to. you dude that's crazy we're [ __ ] on to. you oh yeah going to. be a lifeline oh yeah um no i i don't think uh it'll be that. big of a deal i don't know her. but if you're this well no people get with crazy. people so who knows but yeah you just be like okay. well so what does he tell. her then uh yo something i never told you but sometimes. my like my ex texts. me like we do send her funny. things and like i just don't want ever to. pop up and like you to. ask and like not think i like holding it for me. so i'm just letting you know. because i was texting with her. today that's what i was thinking. like yeah i mean i'm not going to. rephrase that but yeah just just be like yeah. her finding out it's like why. wouldn't you have said something. but yeah just be like we talked today. and i realized i've never even. told you this and that. makes me feel like weird. so yeah next time it happens. next time she texts you your ex. yeah try to. remember all of these feelings. and and talk to. your wife about it. and be like look this is so kind of weird. and last time she texted. i thought about it this. time she texted me i i don't want. to forget about it. like i want to. bring it up like i want. you to know this because it was been. on my mind and i don't i want everything. to be on the level. and above board whatever. i think saying though i just don't want i don't want it. to pop up and you see it. and feel weird that i didn't tell you so i'm telling you. i think that's a key. thing to say why. is that important because otherwise it. it seems like you're trying. to hide something i feel like opposite. if you come out and say it it. seems like the opposite of hiding. something yeah what i think is what you're saying. is when you say something. like i've been thinking about this. and i it puts more weight. on it and it makes it sound like oh [ __ ] i better. tell her when it's it's not supposed. to be that you guys are. friends now she's not just your ex. you're friends mh and you you know. like yo she texted me. um and uh i i i what would i say. he has a col. i forget what did you say. what that he has to. tell her what do you mean. i just said something that he is. the key part what's the key. part oh the thing the thing you don't want. her to see yeah. yeah yeah that was the key. you're a dumb idiot. no no no i lost my train. of thought like the snowboarder and i'm not embarrassed. about it wor worse. and dumber and i'm not yeah exactly. the episode titles by the way are either. worse and dumber uh disagree. police or the something we said recently. what doing the post. show meeting uh during the show. i know but i forget what the no. you do this all the time. finish the [ __ ] advice and then we can talk about episode. titles you know i think the key. is to say i just don't. you know i realize you know. i talk you i like i never [ __ ] actually told you and i know one day inevitably it's going to. pop up and you're going. to think that i holding from that's that's the key. so you that's the key. you finally did it right. you finally did it the right. way so you agree. that's the key yeah only because you finally. said it the right. way not the wrong way. i want to. follow up on that when he does. it do i i would love us. followup he's just he's just crying. his eyes out have her send it. he he's crying his eyes. out doing doing it talking to. us and then the other guy who we talked about on. lifeline luxury doing the acting is acting the mon. that's so weird why did i think about him. too what because you're crying. but that is not a good reason. to think of somebody just cuz he's crying. he was crying and then you were thinking of gu crying. and we were talking about it. here come on like it's an obvious. thing to think about i'm. just saying that is why you thought of it. therapist freud all right. um all right yeah so that's good. all right cool listen i'm going. to be in uh san diego. i'm going to be in a bunch. of different cities uh chia. dot com go get get sagona. nao corpus chris all up indiana grand rapids northfolk virginia. uh go to chris dot com. green bay you he'll be in green. bay folks check out the private. record my new solo podcast subscribe. to the youtube channel at the private. record uh you want to. one one one one a oneonone advice. session with me yours. truly go to. mata dot com uh and yes of course get the lifeline. merch and please my friends do not forget. get our beautiful wonderful. sponsor today's episode has been brought to. you by te hanley men's. skin care do not. forget to check that. out uh what else there's one more thing. what was i going to. say oh of course the link. in the description below submit yourself. as a guest on. this show or just go. to watch lifeline dot com or you can leave us a message. on the hotline at. if you don't want to. show your face at 213. 97389 is that everything. yeah yeah oh no it isn't no. it isn't patreon dot com. sline luxury you got to. sign up no you do. have to say cuz it's the best. show in the world it's that and then the sopranos. it is that and then the sopranos. and then breaking bad. okay patreon dot com and luxury. it's where it's on and popping. nonstop all the time so it. goes patreon lifeline sopranos no. lifeline luxury sopranos. breaking breaking bad that's what i just said said. patreon lifeline the title. is lifeline luxury okay the lifeline. on patreon patreon or or lifeline. luxury then sopranos then breaking. back yeah yeah basically yeah and third. and fourth is congratulations. okay all right thanks. guys we did [music]. it hello hello hello 