 foreign [music] upcoming dates. here in little rock arkansas. and nashville tennessee and then i got a canada. run i'm doing ver. and i'm doing vermont pittsburgh. cleveland detroit michigan tickets. at crystalia dot com um appreciate you. there and there's also that new merch. that's live up and going. it is uh you got the pockets. stay deep uh the beautiful pocket. stick you've got the beautiful. pockets the beautiful uh shirts. and uh the tshirts high quality. tshirts and also hoodies of pockets. stay deep with the diving board on the pockets. to let people know you've got deep. pockets um also we've got beautiful. grow or die. hoodies for sale right. now winter's coming and fall is here among. others chrisley dot com thank you. so um yes hello and welcome. to with a new episode. of congratulations [music] i got this. chlorophyll water what the hell is. this it doesn't taste. like water at all that. much um ingredients purified spring water. natural flavors chlorophyll lemon. juice here we go. organic lemon juice. that's what i that's what i. taste it's supposed to. be good for you i don't know. i don't care it's just what. i picked up didn't know it's gonna taste like that. so it's gonna be regular water. um so i got that and that's great. um i'm just kind of a chlorophyll drinking. kind of guy now chlorophyll is in plants. i believe i have no idea. but it's okay um i i uh am chilling. i like magic mind. i drink magic mind. little little shots of the things. drink it and i'm focused. and it's a beautiful thing. magic mind so get on that. magic mind tip um your boy. forgot your boy got new. new glasses so here's the deal. i'm not wearing the new glasses. obviously because you don't see. glasses on me but you know. what happened so here's the deal. actually with contacts and glasses. i don't know if you're a contact square or a glass is wearer. and and also let's just go to. i understand how great lasik. is maybe i'll get lasik. one day didn't get it yet. because still a little bit unsure about. shooting lasers in my eye. right sounds like something that james. bond would be hooked up in a village. would be like so laser will. be hitting your eyes in. one t minus 60. seconds did he leave and then james bond would get out. of it but anyway um i don't i don't know about lasik. maybe i'll get lasik now. i'm gonna get a lot. of dms and comments under this. saying like you really should have. changed my life i got it. and i had it for 20. years i don't know just maybe i'll get it. but that that aside contacts. are better vision than glasses. so i never liked wearing my glasses. because i don't want to. see less as good as i normally. would see yeah dude. so why would i wear glasses. now i was at the doctor's office. and i was like the glasses. are not good they're not cutting. it and he was like let's try. to ramp up your subscription. prescription but then i'm like won't that. ramp up my my contacts. subscription and he's like yeah so i was like so i don't want to. do that he's like let's just see so i did. it guess what dude. he goes like this he says all right. so you need new a new prescription. but guess what they don't make them. in increments for contact lenses. only glasses so your glasses. now will technically be a better. prescription than your contacts. so now he's a glasses. boy and he's like do you want the transition. lenses and i go let me see what. it's like and they took the uv rays. and put it on the glasses. and now my son my glasses. get darker in the sunlight. [music] and they don't get dark. enough and i look a little bit like iron. man because you know when he tense. his glasses and [ __ ] but then i'm like also i don't look they don't look dark enough. but then when i'm looking out. of them they're not as dark. as regular sunglasses and i like that. because regular sunglasses are too. dark honestly regular sunglasses are way. too dark especially if your car's windows. are tinted with mine are dude. obviously mine are tinted my car. windows are tinted and you wear sunglasses. you might as well blind. so blindfold yourself while you're driving. um but yeah so i got new glasses. and i got two pairs. holy [ __ ] dude call me two glasses two glasses speaking. of um speaking of glasses. um oh dude i actually thought i actually thought i was gonna lose. my mind this week and i don't even mean. in like a oh he he would get crazy. for a little bit i thought my brain. was gonna break okay i go to. get some tattoo work you know. me look it dude. i'm drawn all over. right i'm drawing all. the [ __ ] over you know what i'm saying i look like a classmate just went to. town on me while i was sleeping. and i go to. get tattooed as i'm getting tattooed i take off. my chains dude now i only take off my chains. for two reasons tattooing and [ __ ] actually you know what i'll be honest. sometimes i leave it on i leave it on with my wife. and i try to. make it hit her face. because that's real sexy. you know it's not low. enough that's the thing about chains. when you're uh when you're doing it. if they swing too low it. could be a caution it could be caution it. could be hazardous right. what what's the [ __ ] papu. song my chain hang low hit her. in the face whatever the [ __ ] i don't know dude but my point. is i take my chains. off for two reasons okay my chains are off now. and i'm not either i'm not getting tattoos or [ __ ] but you know what i mean. sometimes when i'm podcasting. i guess but so i took my um i think that's ludicrous. it blake breaks to. glass tables my chain that's so oh yeah dude. who's the rapper that says my chain. breaks glass tables when i sit down so don't invite him. you know so um anyway uh well this is all over. the place this episode so i go to. take my chains off get some tattoo work get up. to lee to leave check out. the tattoo look at the chains and think can't forget. to bring those home. leave without the chains yes okay so all good i know i'm about to. leave for charlotte the next. day and i was at the top. two place from like two to. eight leave more than halfway. home i forget my chains. call the guy i need to. get my chains back he says i mean. i'm just cleaning up drive back. now here's the deal dude. this is great driving. back now i am 40. minutes out of my way. no 50 okay because i already drove almost home. and then back and my wife's like well when are you gonna be home. in like 15 minutes and i'm like why. did i even say 15. minutes it's not going to. be 15 minutes i said 15. minutes because i was being you know it's being hopeful. hopeful for lotteries hopeful that number one it wouldn't make my wife mad and number two that it would actually be 15 minutes for some reason like all of a sudden i'm just gonna my car is gonna do like what the old gi joe planes did where the wheels just go and take off like that right but there's still traffic and [ __ ] so i go back i get the chains but while i go back and get the chains now here's the thing about cars let's let's there's a lot of moving pieces in this it's like the movie heat but it all makes sense in the end now you can do apple play in cars yes beautifully convenient now you can do apple playing cards but you don't have to. do apple playing cards you can do you can use the cars. map to to. ask where you're going now that seems great. but then you're like hmm two things i can use which one do i use so you can pick one that. you like great i like the car. map because it's in the car. and i want the mercedes to. do it okay i got the mercedes that does. it i want the mercedes to. do it all right. my phone's for my phone. stuff texting and when i'm in the car. i best be using the car. maps because i want the mercedes car. to do it okay. i paid for the package so i go like this. hey mercedes how can i help. you it says i say take me. home boom on the car mercedes okay. now i get pissed off. that now i gotta go. back to the two place. to get my chains okay. i type it in my phone. and i'm like you know. what i'm gonna do i'm gonna leave. the directions home on my car. map and i'm gonna use the apple. [ __ ] four to. get back to the tattoo place. i'll close out of the apple. thing when i get to. the tattoo place and then i'll just drive all the way. home using the car. maps yeah dude he's so smart. dude he figured out. how to do it. without typing into. many things and having to. retype things in and whatever bro but i'm like i got this [ __ ] dude how smart am i i'm driving. i'm like how smart. am i i'm thinking about this. [ __ ] how [ __ ] smart am i that's what i'm thinking about and i'm not i'm dead. serious there's no music. playing i don't drive to. music i drive to. thinking about damn i'm smart. i get back now as i'm going. to the tattoo place what happens. the car for some reason. flips to apple play. yes dude so now so i'm driving. away from the let that do place. you know why because i'm driving. home you know why because the car. switched to the apple. play [ __ ] so now i'm like wait. a second way too late. i get pissed off. and i say well why can't i [ __ ] switch. back and forth why did you switch. back and forth for me. so now i'm 10. minutes more out of the way. than i go to. the tattoo place and i'm like [ __ ] thank god dude. great get in the car. i already said i was going. to be home a half an hour. ago and i'm like holy [ __ ] my wife's gonna think i'm cheating or whatever but i'm not i'm just going back to. get my chain right something. needs to hit her. in the face when we're making love sweetie. dude it has to. do with lovemaking it's not going to. hit you in the face. logistically it's not going to. make any sense if we're making love and nothing's. hitting you in the face. so logistically i have to. go back so i get the chains. right start driving back home. what happens dude i'm in the car. map hell yeah dude. i'm in the car map. going home all of a sudden. the car switches back to. apple play and i start driving back to. the [ __ ] tattoo place dude. now you know me. you've been listening to. the podcast for years how mad am i do now. i'm out of my boop. that was mad you can be your top. spoiling ding ding ding ding ding yes blood mad blood red man. you're right you win dude. so i get home at 10. but before. that i start driving home and i start. getting upset i start getting upset. because i'm like holy [ __ ] dude i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm i william's already in bed. didn't get to see. him today basically because i had to. shoot lifeline and then go work. out oh no sorry i had to. shoot lifeline and then go get the tattoo and i barely saw william and if calvin goes to. bed i'm gonna be so upset. i didn't get to. see either kid and i'm leaving. tomorrow so i'm not gonna see them for [ __ ] three days so now oh dude oh oh dude yo you think i'm regular and can deal with stuff can't started crying. [music] yup dude i started getting i started. raining dude started crying called kristen said please can you please leave him up. and don't let him go. to bed because i need to. see him because i'm really spinning out of control. oh [ __ ] yeah dude oh yeah dude then i started getting really sad then i started thinking how many times am i going to. do the road and be away. from my family then i started thinking dude. did i even make a mistake. getting this tattoo in the first place. it probably doesn't look good then. i started thinking about how i hope it. doesn't look bad and then i started thinking about maybe i'm ugly. and then i'm starting to. think about i'm ugly and then i start. thinking about i only get uglier as i get. older and then i start thinking oh dude. life's not worth lemon. yeah i swear to. god and i'm flipping out. dude i had to. pull over yeah yes dude guess what i did. then i logged into. a [ __ ] zoom meeting on addiction. and a guy started talking about how he was molested. by his family when he was younger and i stopped crying. for me and started crying. for him perspective my baby. [music] dude i'm upset because i can't. see my kid for a half. an hour dude and this guy got friggin. straight up lested i logged. in i was like do what. could save me now a meeting got into. a meeting did it i felt a little better. dude nah you know. it's all about perspective people say. a lot about the things. about perspective you know. they're like oh come on dude. there's i don't like that. would feel like there's starving people. in africa and it's like yeah. all right that's okay. but everybody's problem isn't that bad if you look at somebody. else who has a worse. problem what about my problems what about how they're frustrating what. about how my mom told me. i need a different i need to. walk differently when i was 10. yeah that's not starving. but i still think of it. all the time ever like five. times a year i got shaped. what shape that's all. good you could be a victim. or you can get shaped. your boy got shaped so. now what so so i go so so i cope with bet. things badly and i get tattoos and whatever dude. i hide and working out. but it's fine man running. dude running running running run running. running run running running running that song. sucks you know um bro. i did this bit on stage. and i think i'm gonna do it. on stage still but i'll still tell it. on my podcast because it actually kills. on stage but bro this is [ __ ] hilarious. the most charlotte thing happened. in the world charlotte i went. to charlotte north carolina. this bit maybe i shouldn't do. this on my podcast. i'll do it on my podcast. [ __ ] it who cares i did my whole australian thing. on a podcast and then i did. it on netflix this. is just literally i already did. on my podcast but um so i'm bored. i'm in charlotte it's too. hot it's 100 degrees. and also humid it's too hot. dude hey we're the ball constrictors because it's too hot. there better be ball constrictors hey where are lions. dude it's too hot. because it's the sahara. desert why is it. so hot in north carolina. in charlotte and then uh make it make it cooler. right so i'm like i'm like i'm gonna get waters. i'm gonna get some things i need to. get lotion for my tattoos uh because they were itchy i'll pick. up some mints and some water. whatever the [ __ ] right go to. walgreens and get some stuff. the lady's like you need a bag. no i don't need a bag. but i say yeah for some reason. she puts all the stuff in the bag. i take the bag i'm gonna use. the lotion so i go to. the trash can and i go to. put the lotion on and i take the lotion out of the package and then throw the lotion in the thing. in the trash can and the bags. on the trash can and i see a dude. walking up to me. like this dude he's walking. up to me like this. now for those of you just listening. to the podcast and not watching it. he's rubbing his tummy. while he's walking which means one. thing he's a black guy. no other race rubs her. tummy and walks with their chin. back except for black guys and that's fine. you might think it's racist. i don't care that's how it is. and you know it. racist or not okay no asians. do like this unless they say rice. right and no white dudes. do like this unless they say barbecue. okay but black dudes will just straight. up rub their tummies for. no reason it's like they're just like maybe i'm hungry. i haven't checked yet but in case. i'm rubbing my tummy in case. it happens and i realize it all right. that's actually funny so so i'm like oh he's approaching. me so how's this gonna go and then i hear out. of the man's mouth. i know you got some in that. bag for me and i go. oh this is a robbery. in my head i think oh guard. your grill in my head. i think oh my last couple. of breaths here we go. last couple of breaths. here in my head i go. nice to meet you last. couple of breaths how many can i got can i get in before. i expire just ripping them. out hey what you doing bro. just trying to. breathe the most last rest i possibly. can before i expire and you and you robbed. me and kill me so he says i know you got something. in that bag for me. and i'm like god damn it. i ignore i do my best. my bit the best thing. i do is ignore people. if you say something once to. me guess what i do. i ignore it i never listen. to somebody unless they say it. twice ask my wife. clean up the dishes okay clean. up the dishes and then i do it. actually sometimes it takes five six. times but whatever dude i ignore. i'm good at ignoring plus i don't want. to talk to. people then the guy says i know you got some in that. bat i know you got something. nice in that bag for me. so now i'm like oh dude. he's using adjectives now i'm [ __ ] i know. you got something nice in that. bag for me getting closer. to me and i'm like oh [ __ ] he's gonna rob me and he's gonna be super disappointed. the only thing that's in there. is mints water. and some lotion that's good for black. guys but mints and water. who gives a [ __ ] so i'm like my heart. start like it was 65. beats per minute now. it's probably 89 90 91. you know. i'm not too scared because. i could hold my own. i just hope he doesn't have a gun. but it kind of already. he wasn't you know. his hand wasn't tucked into. his eddie bowers or anything like that so he's as he says this. a woman walks from around. the corner out of my view. into my view from out. of my view to. into my view with a she's a big. fat lady who happens. to be black has a big bag. of subway sandwiches and says [ __ ] y'all this month. this my lunch and dinner and i realized oh he's talking to. her and i'm just racist. crazy bro ah i'm racist. then i put the lotion on my tattoo and packed. it up and walked away. i know you got something. in that bag for me. dog i never thought i was getting robbed. so badly middle of the day. outside of walgreens they've got a [ __ ] bag. with a w on it. it's not like gucci or prada. i'm like this guy's a really really small time. crook um sometimes i write something. in my notes i have no idea. oh i remember what this. is oh dude the plane. ride first of all american. airlines dude what are you doing. united i don't use anymore. because of how cats run. it but american airlines dude. it's going on dude. your planes suck unless maybe you're going. to europe or across the whole. country but my god i flew to. charlotte then i flew i flew american. airlines from lax to. charlotte then charlotte to knoxville. and then knoxville to dallas. and then dallas to. la all the same plane. dude here's the deal. american airlines they don't have tvs in the in the airplane. now first of all i'm just gonna throw out. a blanket statement. on that no have tvs on your [ __ ] airplanes. and every on your airplanes. in either a site in every seat. dude in every seat. have have i don't care we all. have phones and ipads and [ __ ] have you need to. do that or else i'm gonna dude. i'll fly spirit dude oh holy spirit so we're uh i get on the plane and i'm like where's the [ __ ] tv and then i see a little holder for my phone and it's like it's it's like the guy comes on first of all way too loud yeah a wifi is uh available for free uh for you to. stream movies on our website if you use your your tablet or your smartphone. you could use your tablet or your smartphone. and watch movies and i'm like dude. they want me to. use my [ __ ] for watching movies. what about texting what about. having fun what about looking. up at apps if i want to. watch a movie with liam neeson i gotta watch it on my phone what else do i do how am i supposed to. watch a movie without being on my phone. right what is this 1999 so i go. all right well this sucks. so then i'm like i'm gonna guess. i'm just gonna get wifi. i'm not gonna get even though. it's a five hour flight. i'm not gonna get i'm not gonna get what. do you call it uh i'm not gonna watch movies. so i get the [ __ ] uh wifi twenty dollars. for an hour twenty dollars. for an hour now i know pockets. stayed deep and get the merchcrystalia dot com. and that's cool but principal. dude twenty dollars for an hour. that's one dollar every three minutes right. bro that's crazy i'm so good at math. that's insane one dollar every every three minutes change it. american airlines change it dude. i go to sit down. in the thing and i'm sitting next to. this nice lady looks like a really. nice lady and she says um oh and i sit down i know. all i fly so much. i know i know what to. do on planes you know. i sit down in the window. aisle and i always get the window. not because i like the window. i'd actually might prefer the seat. the aisle seat except for one. reason i want to. be able to. control the window shades if i sit next. to somebody who want who doesn't want. to [ __ ] close the window shades and it's bright. as all [ __ ] get out. and i'm trying to. like look at my phone and i can't see it. because of the glare i'm i'm i want to. start punching okay just around. and hopefully i hit the guy. and um so i get to. the window seat the the shades are. open and i i close. them i close them i close. one there's two shades for me. okay there's the one that's definitely mine. and the one that's a little bit. in front of me. that is mine but if the lady. reclines your seat in front of me. it's hers so i'm like ah [ __ ] okay so i put that i put mine down all the way. i put that one down. half the way all right. out of respect i don't do. it all the way. yet the lady next to. me who's 55. says can i ask you a silly question. and i go here we go. in my head here we go. i got a talker right. and this is a five hour. flight and i'm gonna sit next to. a talker if if i i just parked my [ __ ] on the seat and this lady can i ask you something question oh dude. for five hours she's gonna just be running. her mouth right so i'm like sure hoping for the best and she says so i know did she shut the blinds. and i go oh no dude. oh no this is gonna be an argument she says i noticed she shot. the blinds and i say yeah. and she says how come you do. that and i wait for her. to say more because you know what i'm saying. because you know how you know. why i do it right. wanted to there are some things. that you don't have to. ask because you already know. the answer yes it could be anything. like the answer could be well because it gets hot. or it's too bright right. so i said well what do. you mean and she says well like i know. we get on planes everyone seems to. put the shades down immediately. why why do you why. do why do you think that everyone. does that and i said well. i don't know why everyone does. it but um i do it. because i guess it's i don't know i guess it's too bright. and she says huh. so it's like a sensitivity thing and i'm like oh we're already done. with the con you know i mean. like i mean she's super sweet about it. by the way she says so you mean like it's a sensitivity thing with your eyes. and i said uh i don't know. i guess so yeah and she says like it. hurts and i'm like dude. how many levels does this. conversation with no levels have you. know she says so it hurts. your eyes and i said i mean. it doesn't really hurt. my eyes i guess but i just did. it because it's too bright. and i want it to. be darker i think and she says yeah. so people do it just because of that. and i said yeah and i so badly wanted. to ask her do you do. it when you sit down. or do you not do it. but then i was like i i can't be asking her. questions because then this is a conversation. right now it's just a q. a and it ends. after i hey but if i asked her cues after her. cues then we've got a combo. going and i can't have that especially minute. one of a five hour. flight right the [ __ ] is this larry. king so so i say one last thing. i said i think you know. what there's an extra reason. why i close the windows. this window i closed. because it was too. bright but the one. in front of me. i closed to establish. that it's mine because it. could be the person in front of me. it could be the person. in front of me. and she said oh so you did. it to mark your territory and i said yeah. and she said brilliant. word for word that was what happens. that's what happened and then she didn't. utter one other word for five. hours i couldn't freaking believe it. dude god bless thought. about the whole flight. thought about it after we landed. then still thought about it. on the way home because i took another flight. and i was like remember that. chick hey people wear bad clothes. in the airport huh like just straight up bad. bad bad bad clothes i saw. an asian guy with dreadlocks. at the airport and i'm like dude. did he get those here because that's the worst. outfit for an asian guy. how could an asian guy. have dreadlocks hey guy undread it and put gel in it. like every other asian hey guy. on dreaded and just put too much. dippity doing it like every asian. the only people who use hair gel are asians. and people in 1998. you know. like you can't you can't bro. gel oh my god who are. you richard [ __ ] grico gel. people use gel you're asian. people use gel also have. a time machine gel. come on um so i saw somebody with in the airport. i mean people just wear shirts. in the airport that say like who cares. or something you know. like just what saw somebody. in a i'm over you know. what i'm over supporting anything. i'm done and it happened. the other day i don't want to. i'm not into it. no the whole you know. people support local anything no. uhuh i'll get it. wherever how about that. support small business like yeah if they're there you know. but also i kill you right. man they make horse. [ __ ] but still um so i uh i saw a shirt that said this was the one i couldn't this one just sent me support. live music that's all the shirt. said what a [ __ ] to. imagine buying that shirt seeing that. and buying it like dude. there's no other way. to say i have terrible. taste in music than to. just have buy a shirt. and say support live music. because i will tell you why. you don't need to. support live music because it's just there's always gonna be live music. you know keep that on the screen. dude you don't need to. you you need to. so yo music it's music. everyone listens to. music everyone goes to. concerts dude when you have a concert. to go to people jizz. their pants people [ __ ] on the way to. the concert because they're like i can't. believe i'm finally going to. get to see these guys. and you that's like saying support. sex support breathing in and out. support jizen dude support live music. drove me nuts people just want. to say they support [ __ ] that's what it. is i'm a good person. i'm gonna get a shirt. that says support support dude. people want to get people so badly want. to be a part of a cause dude. that they don't even know what the cause. is they're making up causes. support live music my ass. dude don't i'm gonna get a shirt. that says don't and follow. that lady around that's so whack. support live music that kind of person. is so boring you know. i don't support live music. dude i straight up don't i support. getting your spotify going and getting your apple. music going i support if you want. to listen to. music go in your car. and listen to. music best place to. listen to music in your car. not at a live event. dude whenever my friends. text me they're going to. concerts i always text. back dude sit tight don't worry i'm googling. where the exits are right. now dude i've seen some bad. shirts have you what are some bad. shirts you've seen drop a comment but let me tell you one. of the worst shirts i've ever seen i saw a shirt. on a woman that said give women. money hooker hooker give women money hey on the back. it should say cause i'm hooking. give women money that's what's that. like the equal pay thing. worst way of saying it. you know the [ __ ] equal pay thing is so stupid for [ __ ] sake dude when it comes to. sports at least the ladies in soccer. want to get paid. equally as like the world cup world cup men biggest sport in the world world cup women it's like it might as well be badminton nobody gives a [ __ ] you know it makes 130 million dollars a year globally and men soccer makes like 19 trillion dollars globally and that makes like uh 6 billion or something and then and then there are women that are like we need to. get paid just as much as men and it's like okay. where's the money though dum dum. where's the money you actually make more of a percentage. women make more of a percentage for the for for uh in soccer. than men do so actually you're right. now you should get paid. less kicking a ball around sally i'll tell you what dude. you're kicking a ball around. you know i don't know man. i just think if you're a doctor you get paid. the same amount i don't care. if your guy a guy guy or a girl. great you get paid. the same amount you get you. know you're you're a lawyer get paid. the same amount you know if you're good. right but like sports it's it. there's there's facts. that back it up just there's either. money there or there's not give women. money if i walked up. and just gave that woman 100. she'd she'd be like well that's disrespectful. you know one time i was at a diner. and this woman was looking at me. this was so long ago. but she was looking at me. she kept looking and i i waved. at her because she kept looking and i was holding. in my hand what i was gonna pay. for i had like dollar the money. in my hand and i was waving it. and then she had the nerve. to say did you just wave. it wave money at me. and i was like nah i just happened. to be in my hand. [ __ ] oh dude i s i didn't see this. but i i i i saw this. and then didn't click on it. a whip meet up. at a park dude. so dangerous at crystal lake. illinois so [ __ ] these people oh oh that's the dorkiest thing i've ever seen in my life dude. just um you know under the breath. they're going like just a lot. too but they're not dude. so the one lady with the hand. on her hip oh the guys. with two whips are the best. dude unbelievable this video dude. this v a whip meetup. dude how do you start a whip. meetup a forum hey guys bring your whips we're gonna go to. chrisley also cops get him. you can't have [ __ ] whips around. you know whip meet up. this is unbelievable imagine being a guy with a whip. okay and it's not for sex. not kinky you know. what i mean like a cat. of nine tails it's an indiana jones. type whip and then imagine she's a woman. a woman with a whip. a man with a whip. bad a woman with a whip. a orange it'd be great. if you're they were panning. you know because the video they're like all right. so here we go. i'm gonna take a video and put him on tick. tock i'm just gonna pan. back and forth so everybody. wants you to. do your best whip moves. so here we go. and then as it was filming. you heard somebody in the background my eye. and they're like are we gonna have to. redo it frank lost his eye. a little bit we really got to. show crystal lake illinois. as the top whip area. just listen to. it just listen to. the sounds it's a [ __ ] they're going to. gray shirt with the black. shorts wow oh the guy in the back. oh my dude the guy. the last guy that they pan. across has an indiana jones. hat like dude how could you get a whip. period but then how could you after that think yo it's probably okay if i also get an indiana jones hat guy you're sad guy i'm crying for you dude like you know people are gonna be like oh that guy wishes he was indiana jones and i guess hopefully you don't care about that but also pick up checkers dude. whip meetup is great whip. meet up eminem warns vivek. rama swami not to. perform or use his music. anymore it's great this is the politician. who um rap to. lose yourself so badly you know. um eminem's letter who cares. i think my name is pretty. liberal though um this letter serves. as notice for you pursuant to. the bmi music um all right. it's boring but that's what it's also not. eminem's letter pamela somebody wrote it. but um it was sent. to him not to. do it and i have the rap. right here um in my because people send it to. me because i did eminem impression. and they're like oh this. guy's coming this guy's coming for you. um running out of breath. everyone's looking down wow dude. so sad but it is what it. is and that's all we can give something. to kill the fly. mel gibson dude mel gibson interview. 1983. just getting a bj start off. by getting a bj by the way. put his hands up. like that smoking dude. who smokes kill the fly. dick for millions of fans mad. max israel which are your yours. i mean get a different interview. you know four millions my heroes my heroes gee. geez everyone's got a hero. acting my father oh cute. mel gibson's awesome an artist. is he an artist. in a way yes he writes um so high you're right. flirting do you do you think that uh actors have a some responsibility. i mean by the image they give of humanity. yes responsibility to portray humanity. right in a certain way. in what way i don't know. but uh put it on if we if you see a bad. max for instance yes true this. image of the 20th. century ah and uh i'm still running. out of dialogue here oh boy. what a funny question. oh so mad dude oh i i i do it. i don't know how to. answer that oh dude. sneakily giving him the finger. did this i don't know. how to answer that. he did that dude. that's where that started. i don't i don't think i can i think it's a silly. question time loving it dude. i think that's a silly. question i'm sorry no did you find some cities. by them uh opportunity uh impulse. to become themselves you know what dude. if i'm having that interview. hey man this guy's too french. he's just too french. right but of course he's two french. as we are all friends. but yeah i just get a guy who's a little less. french no offense. we're in france i get it. i'm not french i need someone who's just a little bit. french and by a little bit i mean. a lot famous to. put himself on the first stage. of the first place oh my god no. i'm sorry i can't. understand it i'll find an impulse. mel gibson and you you. know already what you will. be you will be acting in the first. time the soon you have some projects. oh god wait hold on. a second this interviewer just isn't too. french he's terrible you know. he's just so bad. do you have other projects. what they say going. on do you like water. and you you know already. what will be you will. be acting in the first time. the sooner you have some projects. this guy's having a stroke. i'm working on a a film. now in fact i've had a few days. break i just came over from london. and it's uh it's the story of the bounty. and the mutiny it's not a remake. it's a fresh look at it. thank you very much worse. interview uh uh oh wow dude. he was actually being kind of nice. you know because it's so it's the reflex all. right okay oh my god he was [ __ ] good looking huh. mel gibson's the [ __ ] how i wonder if he actually meant to. give the guy the finger. now probably not subconscious wow. he's just so good that. he had no idea he's so good. he acts even when he doesn't mean. to bro let's check this. out alligator 1980 official trailer i actually. almost watched this on um prime or hulu. or shutter i can't remember where i almost watched. this but i almost watched. this alligator 1980 official trailer it's like. you know they made jaws and they're like we gotta make this eh 80s. already wow they'd never make it. like this it lives 50. feet beneath the streets bro. always in the 80s. they would do that the guy. would come in like it. was like [ __ ] that's the version of like an r b when boyfriend would be like girl this song would say like girl we've been knowing each other for a long time. we just be friends. but right now i want to. get horizontal with you [music]. dude is this movie on my [ __ ] dude. i'm sorry [music] 50. feet 50 feet. yeah we can't be about my 36. 36 long oh it is dude. it weighs over 2 000. pounds oh [ __ ] they know and it's about to. break out oh [ __ ] dude somebody's about my penis yep that's how i scared dudes with it and it was thick he said it was dark now perhaps you're a mistaken that's it dude my penis everything about this movie could be my penis eyes would starve in a week there we go that's about my dick dude [music] she kept coming up with some garbage about alligators in the sewers alligators in the sewers oh [ __ ] that's awesome there was no way to. stop playing you know oh so get up. dude public is my job. oh dude went to. juilliard 100 went to. juilliard the safety of the public. is my job dude. went to juilliard graduated top. of his class wow. also tap dances like crazy. it could be anywhere. there he is so basic. dude it could be anywhere. oh wow i've seen what this. animal can do you better. take all the help. you can get oh the shadow. don't approach it dumb. dumb dude it hides in the trash. wow the worst outfit of all time. on my dick dude. honestly this is really good special. effects for 1980. what the [ __ ] dude it's huge oh eating her puss. a gator because jaws was good robert forster's in it that's amazing. i'm gonna watch that dude. i gotta put together some live. watches like tv stuff you know. um reptile is a movie coming out. with what you've been feeling. um justin vander beek what's his name. justin timberlake dude every every trailer. dude how [ __ ] dope is he could make a woman come by sincerely by being in front of the woman. showing him showing her his back. and having her lay down and and he's just talking to. her and then makes her makes her [ __ ] blast like this. he just goes like this. and she goes oh and busts dude. i swear to. god he's just talking like this. about something the sky. you know the sky is absolutely. beautiful today i love how this. guy looks from 5 pm. to 8pm depending on what time. of year it is and she's just like oh my god he's not even. smoking he's just holding his fingers. like this and and exhaling like he is depending on. what you eat you. can have a beautiful meal. too you're sitting out another. veranda somewhere she's like oh my god and he's not even. looking at her and then he just goes. like this and she goes oh. yeah dude and he's only wearing a blazer. so what happened i walked out. front door such a hard. music change i called out for her. hello [ __ ] i'm gonna watch it so much and then what okay. done i'm gonna watch it. can't dude movie trailers are so that. one's good so far. i can't watch it here. i don't want to. get all [ __ ] demonetized but um movie trailers are so bad. dude wait breaking bad. two no this can't be right. they're making a breaking bad. too did you know. this hi this is brian. cranston the official trailer for breaking. bad two starts in three two one. can't be real but it's honestly. everything that i did everything. flowed from that from that. partner no this is faith. you did the kill uncle hank. oh hey still alive oh no. i'm gonna avenge your death. take out that neonazi scum. i don't get it hey mariah is this. a joke what is this. oh it's just this is a joke. but i don't understand. the joke i wish this was real people are saying who made this though. and why is it on oh she was. right only make prequels like i said um bro. remember [ __ ] liver king it's just sad. at this point in the modern world. we like to have our bowl. of cereal don't we this. is a primal version of your bowl. of cereal i got my testicles. informative why is a guy. always eating testicles. i'm fresh milk from liver. king ranch the most feared. warriors the maasai well they get down on is milk. meat and blood and they're expressing. a higher more dominant. form if you still want your primal cereal to. tastes like cocoa pebbles at. the end a little bit of whole. feast in with your testicles. make sure you peel back the membrane on the testicle oh my god you can use a spoon. if you want but god gave you the hands. for a reason this guy's so gross. dude i'm going to. town oh my god dude oh my god bro. oh my god dude like so gross. why is he just keep cutting. off testicles and eating them. bro he's got to. be [ __ ] four foot one i mean man people are like he's aged so much that's because all he's doing is eating. testicles bro this is the most disgusting. thing i've ever seen in my life. oh my quite a few times. 50 times more a hundred times more 200 times. more 500 times probably you know. that [ __ ] thing was the greatest meme when it was when it was popping around dude. you know [ __ ] man how many boners i used to. get on the road more 500. times probably um all right that's good. for now you guys are great. i really appreciate you guys. i'll be in little rock. and nashville uh so leave a comment drop a comment. for that algorithm i gotta check out. that alligator movie you guys are great. if you're done if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. this is the youtube version but if you want. to watch the rest uh it's uh chris patreon. dot com crystalia but like and subscribe. too my babies we love it. thank you very much and have a great. day [music] thank you [music]. 