 [music] runk hello. hello hello hello will hello hello oh wow. anthony dude the pressure's on. uh hey you' done. it before right yeah. but the pressure's on. no the pressure's on. youve done it before but the pressure's. on pressure press really really. on on anthony right now. anthony's flying solo our producer. is missing an action he's been missing. for several days we don't know where he is. uh keep them in our. prayers none of that's true. none of that's true but it's easter. that's true easter oh how about this. happy easter and there's going to. be a lifeline live show. uh in irvine may 14th you. can get tickets at watch lifeline. dot com or my website. chris dot com and uh come and uh ask us. some questions in person i'm shaking my head. cuz it's going to. be so so sick so good. so lit okay so rised out. no that's not part that's not something. that you would say about that's not a correct. term to use for that. okay um but you can go on our patreon. dot com lifeline lxury. uh to check out. our show lifeline luxury that man. and i have where we are just kind of it's just kind of a me. and him talking and it's not taking what it's we don't. take submissions but we sometimes. things come up on this. show that we're like it's not really. fit for this show so we move. it over there and that's where the conversation. really goes off just between just between. us and that's what's up. so sign up over on patreon. dot com luxury if you haven't. already so going over. also to check matt's uh podcast private. record uh go subscribe over there. private record and uh if you got a question. go go to um watch lifeline. dot com or you have to. thing for us and if you want to. submit yourself for this show go to. watch lifeline dot com you want a one1. private session with me go. to mata dot com. bing bang bing bang booyah. booya and booah and of course get the merch. at lifeline merch dot com. um i was you know i had a fever. for three days mhm and i don't anymore. mhm and it was weird. mhm i just had it. for three days mhm and uh it it. it was nothing but a fever. and a headache nothing but a fever. and a headache i love that. american song it's a really good american. song but um yeah so and then i'm just happy. man i'm happy it's not around. anymore you got sick for such a short. period of time you're so lucky. you take good care of yourself. or what yeah i rarely. get sick even considering i'm a dad. with kids and a family. i even that's crazy. it's weird i used to. i mean as you know. and as a lot of you. know i used to get sick. all the time i was i was kind of just sick. always you're kind of just sick. with it i mean i've always been sick. with it still am but i'm talking about. illness actual illness. sickness and i don't really. get sick anymore. either well you know what the number. one thing that absolutely helps is. sleep it's there's nothing that. helps me i i got sleep. was not sleeping enough and that. and then i would get sick. and then i was like why don't i just chang. this and i just didn't get sick. anymore it was it it was it's like a miracle you've been able. always always been able to. sleep more than i can. ever since i you know became an adult. basically i can't sleep. i cannot sleep more than 7 hours. and even when i do i feel like kinsky. the whole next day i'm just like spaced out. i feel loopy it's i like can't drink. enough coffee to. get my mind going if i get 8. hours yeah i need like 4. hours just to. wake up which is how i feel. right now but use four hours. to get wake up it's better. than being sick of course. but like who has that. amount of time in a day. it's only 20 hours all day. yeah you kind of have a good. deal going with what your job. is though i made aming yeah so but i used to. think oh i got to. fly out the day of and go early. and i just changed that to. wait i can go the day. before for not take the earliest flight. i'm not home to. that day and that sucks. but and now it might be a little different with kids. like now like next weekend. i have uh grand rap. or this weekend the next one. i have grand rapids and sagen go. get tickets chris dot com. not just saga we have them. off flag out right. yeah well and then uh nano and victoria b. and augusta wait these are the ones i need to. push this north charleston these ones i never been to. north charleston south carolina uh uh st. petersburg florida uh west virginia. de mo and green. green bay no i don't know i don't remember anyway um packers fan. you're going to love. his comedy so make sure you do both. you go to packers game. and you see my i don't know if they're in season. but uh both both things are really. popular comedies and season i'll tell you that. much but uh no so i go to. chris dot com to. get tickets come see me. in in grand rapids and sag and know. but i so i have a a show on that. thursday and i'm i'm like i i get back now. sunday today i get back today. i get back today and then i have to. leave on wednesday to. get to thursday but now i'm like i'm a dad so i don't want to. i don't want to. you want to. be home as much exactly so. now i might start taking earlier flights. and might just get sick. more and blame it on the kids. honestly well you get sick. all the time i mean. not you but people the one. thing it's so annoying because they people who have kids. say this all the time. to people with kids without kids to. anyone who will listen. anybody body who won't listen. cuz nobody listens when they say this. but they still say it. any no listens period yeah. that's true they say well i hope you're ready. to say goodbye to. sleep one and then i and then they say something. some version of i hope you're you're you're you're okay. with getting sick all. the time right right right bye. to the first one see you. to the second one. well honestly i don't even listen. to them i never heard that. cuz i don't listen. to them you' never heard a parent. say that cuz i don't listen. i'm kidding bro you know. what i mean okay. oh wait so i'm i did. get a lot of sleep. last night and i'm zoned. bro yeah that's how i feel on not even. a lot of sleep. and the good thing is. i ate i think it's it. might be a dairy thing i ate some eggs. and now i'm all i got it. all coming up in my in my body. yes dude disgusting absolutely disgusting. i saw zone of interest. last night did you see. it i've seen zone of interest. you have yeah i saw it. in the theater oh i didn't know. you saw it in the the what. are you going to. do about that well. in that case i'd like to. take a det of this. conversation and ask you what you. thought about it in in the theater. too and why did you go. see it in the theater. it's about nazis for those. of you that don't know. it's about nazis so i'm a big. fan of jonathan glazer the director i don't. like underneath the skin that's cool. because that's not a movie. it's called under the skin. so he made as do you know. what else he made yes. what uh uh he made other movies. i do know but i can't. remember sexy beast right sexy beast. was his first movie and you took me to. that in pasaden i had no idea. what it was it was one. of the best theater experiences in my. life specifically because i hadn't seen a trailer i didn't even. know what the movie was i was young. i was like 15 i want. to see birth. and it was it's such a good. movie i've seen it so many. times since then that was my introduction to. jonathan glazer probably introduction to. the guy what's his name. rayson winston uh no no he's i mean. maybe maybe but anyway uh the did birth. you like birth birth is sick. watch people hate birth. but i think it's great. i want to. watch it i like uh and then he did under the skin. yeah i like under the skin. i'm not like too much. i know people who are like i have good friends. who are like love it. crazy about i know yeah. like on a on like a kubric level almost people are just like crazy. about that movie and then he did zone. of interest zone of interest. way different than the others. you think so i mean well way. different than under the skin. and sexy beast sexy beast is the one. that stands out to. me the rest are like very clearly just art films. guess yeah except for the fact. that it's just weird there's no closeups. in zone of interest yeah. but that's the whole i understand. that was on purpose. and it was very well done. but yeah i like zone. of interest i made the mistake. of being thinking i was going. to love it because it's such a kind of movie. i would like i know the book. i like the book oh really. yeah it's i mean it's very expect it to. be like the book it's not. like the book yeah didn't read. it you know no but i know i know what the book's. about and uh it's it's super well made i just thought there's some stuff. about it that was like not milk. toast but you know it. didn't grab me by the nuts. and twist you know. what i'm saying and i needed this. movie to succeed in cranking your to. to to to grab me. by the nuts twist. really crank yank you needed. all that and make me go. why did you need that. cuz it's the kind of movie. that should grab your nuts. and twist because it's about yeah. exactly and this one. kind of just peters out fizzled. out for me it didn't didn't quite. make me go did okay. but did chinder list grab your nuts. and criss your crank. not the same thing cher's. list made me cry. but it's different though. right i know i didn't see it. very i mean they couldn't be more different. i know that i do know. that i heard step spielberg. say something about zone. adventures something along the lines. i forget exactly what it. was he but he loved it. he was like it's the best. holocaust movie ever seen in x amount. of time i don't know. i think that uh first of all i was surprised. it was even made then i realized that. the director's jewish oh so if the guy was not jewish. you couldn't make that movie there's no way. that hollywood would let that. happen people tend to. have different rules. around jewish people for whatever. reason but i'm just saying it was like it would be like i never even i i never even thought that and i didn't even know jonathan. glazer was jewish honestly. really i looked it up. cuz like he has to. be jewish cuz i was like cuz at first. i was like how did they make this. movie and it's not like they're trying. to they're trying to. make you sympathetic to. nazis it's just that not at all. but but you still it it. it shows them as human. sure which is a weird thing. to even say that yeah. but it's also showing them. as more monsters than any. other no no i know the vanality. of evila but but um but uh that movie really stuck with me it. was c that's what he said he said. he thinks it's the best. holocaust film since shiner's list. so [ __ ] that's pretty funny. actually so [ __ ] that's that's like kanye. [ __ ] yeah it is actually yeah that's hilarious. he said that kanye. spielberg oh so [ __ ] that's really funny that's so funny that like jonathan what's his name jonathan glazer. he's probably like he probably thinks it. sucks he probably thinks sh's list. is is [ __ ] yeah yeah oh who knows but the sound design of that. movie and the the the the sound design is interesting. because unlike any other movie ever. regular people will be like the sound. design was really interesting like what yeah. because it was so obvious. but but it's weird. out man this isn't a film this isn't a film. podcast but but so it was just so crazy. because i didn't really go into. it knowing anything about the sound design knowing anything about it and i'm watching i'm like why are they doing it. i can't [ __ ] hear the people and like i was getting kind of pissed. but then i was like but then i was like what's that. what are those noises in the background. and then that was so was like oh [ __ ] like in yeah he got you yeah got you sad as [ __ ] bro anyway it's great great the end of the movie is crazy to. me but anyway great. movie but it didn't really go. after grabbing me by the nuts. and twisted i would say grabb. me by the nuts and twisted. it and you went ah. kind of i mean when it showed the shot of him. from here and he was just in his soldier uniform. yeah that one scene that kind of grabbed. me by the nuts and you went yeah. okay well that's good it's a good. rating system what we just came. up with grab me by the nuts. and would you say you went. full ah i didn't go. full op i would say. i went full my problem. with the movie is that i didn't go. full op but i was like oh you. know but i was like ah so you give it. an oh yeah not an ah yeah i give it. an right right right i give that and um speak no evil. right going to hurt. our throat so bad doing. this rock stars all. right let's let's do submissions before. we make this about okay. in zone of ves oh my god that's hilarious. start it over for sweden. here i mean in zone. of interest dude wow he looks so much. like a nazi it's cra. in 1944 yeah ah don't no anthony. you're [ __ ] up nope well you [ __ ] up on the regular huh. he checken in from sweden. here just out of the shower. after a long day. of work taking in some evening. sun i'll get right to. it the right or the wrong. way to text. uh when i'm retelling something. something funny that i've seen to. to friends over text uhhuh. i i will send maybe sometimes up. to 10 messages in rapping. succession uhhuh da da da da retelling would. happen right i won't send one big blob. text with the whole story but i'll do. it sequentially yes as i'm speaking. sentence sentence sentence sentence. and i feel this makes it more funny. yes you're right when you say a joke. you don't just why is he laughing. so much but yeah blur out. the whole joke you do. it you have a drama. to the curve and you get the crescend. on and the punch this. guy's great yeah you get what. i mean now that's a dick. that people think i'm calling them. when i'm bombarding them. with texts we said okay. because i'm trying to. be funny and and maybe give them. a laugh okay that's it. big love from sweden. to chris matt marco. and also chris okay bye guys. awesome love this guy this. guy my favorite person that's ever submitted. to the show so he brings up. a good point though man. cuz there's positive and negatives. to both man but let me just real. quick everyone from sweden. has a birth mark right. here you know i know. and he had it right. there and that's all i wanted. to say okay have it but yeah i go. ahead you go first well. it's just like i understand. you're saying yes because you do that. you'll go that and i appreciate that from you. it's important to. do it that way i but don't you have other friends. that do it and you're like all. when's the next one coming all right. come on like of course but it's just like you know. unfunny people don't make a funny person change. the the way they do i i understand. but it's not that it's unfunny oh it's that. it's annoying it's it's on its face. it's annoying i actually don't understand. why why is it annoying. because because your phone keeps going off. yeah and then it's even annoying. to look i got 17 messages. that's terrifying i put everyone. that text that i text. with a lot on do not disturb. every single person i text. with a lot is is silence. not me not you what. do you put on me. no not just you but you and i solo don't text. a lot so i don't have to. right right right right gotta we text. a lot on threads. with other people but like lifeline. text chat mute would you would you mute. me if i texted you more i would never mute. you okay then no right. no but but but what would you but would you i don't. know try it and we'll see well now. you know i would never do. it so you probably won't never do. it yeah now i probably won't yeah. i blew my load but i [ __ ] it up yeah i feel like i but here's the other thing okay so so actually here's here to. me this is the this is great. because if you have all of a sudden 17 messages. and you look you say i have 17 messages. anxi anxiety in your in your of course right. ah dude i don't know because i'm i get that. this is not like i i'm just on a lot. of thre that that i always have right. now i guarantee you i have at least. 17 texts right now since we started the show. you know i'm going to. look watch i have zero. how many do you have 12. so that was close. whoa okay all right. so that's a little different maybe. but i cuz i don't but uh i'm very popular. though maybe maybe a lot of people don't. have my number but um so so you so okay. so i think for a normal. i'll just say for me. 20 texts i look at my thing. 20 texts a little bit of some anxiety. at least okay okay i but then then i immediately go. to as some's probably doing one. of those things where telling the story with. a or group textt right. or people are in an argument on a group. text except for my group. texts are on silent anyway whatever. that's nei here whatever. yeah so if you do it all in one. one text no anxiety. open it up you see. that then you get the anxiety. oh i see so so it's almost like a lesser. of two evils like which anxiety. do you want do you want it. when you look at your phone. or do you want it. when you open it up. and see the [ __ ] whole the you know the story of a moby dick. i guess if i got if i got from that i would rather. the ladder but i don't so it. doesn't matter to. you rather the ladder right. if it gave me anxiety. i'd rather have it only get it. by looking at the actual text. yeah yeah and then but then there's people that text. me that do the rapid fire. thing that i'm just like i hope. they're done now because i don't even want to. listen to this story cuz the good thing. about the one long thing. is you start reading it. you're like oh this sucks. i'm not going to. read it i'm not i'm done. but here's the thing mute. then the rest of the conversation. you know guess i guess no do not. disturb is so i found so underutilized by. people that i know get in there. just swipe and tap that's all you got to. do it's so easy how long is too. long of a text for you. chris anything more than like two. two short paragraphs you sent. a pretty long text. last night yeah yeah yeah yeah but it was necessary. yeah well that was a joke. though right it was yeah. was necessary hold on necessary. you know i'll read it. the dumbest text you anybody's everever sent. but go ahead it is always a simple. matter to drag. people along whether it is a democracy. or a fascist dictatorship or a parliament. or a communist dictatorship voice. or no voice the people can always be brought to. the bidding of the leaders this. is easy all you have to. do is tell them they are. being attacked and denounce the pacifists. for lack of patriotism and exposing the country. to danger it works. the same in every country. and then i wrote anyway good. night anyway is my favorite part. because it's a second text. but so but that's true and also like you know. yeah it was at 1:30. a.m. yeah exactly but you know. that that that's that that i would say anything. longer than that is too. long cuz that that's not too. long i send a really long text. but i break them up. and i think i do it. the right way so breaking them. up is actually pretty key. yeah my response to. this guy is full right. 100% the way he does it. is correct people that are like oh. it's annoying oh it's shut the [ __ ] up put it on mute. if you don't like it whatever. yeah no i agree like deal. with it i agree i agree pretty. much with with you guys if it's a good. story as i would believe this. guy's telling this guy. seems amazing yeah he does. i would listen this. guy tell any story yeah true. uh even though he has no upper lip. here's what i yeah he doesn't but i here's what i would like the most though. is here's what i like the most. is that he thinks about it. and has a way he does. it it's not just this. mindless thing that he's doing so i even if were to. not like that the way. he the the the the the you think as long. as someone's thinking it through. has their i want to. do it like this because it's better. this way even if i don't agree. i appreciate it uhhuh. yeah but i'm a true. artist yeah uh i'm a text. artist so um okay that's that's good. uh yeah but i i i i i do agree. with that thing that i texted last night. because um you can't agree. with yourself well i i think i pretty much. it's not really an original. thought but my was it. like something someone said and you just copied it. it was text on a screen. that i then translated into. translated what was it in what. language was it in it was in english. but i i i took a picture of it. and then copied the text. from the picture you can do that. on iphones i didn't know that. and then once i got it. i i sent absolutely hilarious. it wasn't even your thought no. but you know i do agree. with it and i will say this. so it does make sense. to say you agree with it. because it wasn't even. your idea anthony do you agree. with it i don't get it. anthony doesn't know anything. so here's the deal i dude. anthony you'll be like so the end. of zone of interest too. yeah well no it wasn't the end. of it but it was something. that i watched after zone. of interest to. holocaust so but that it's the truth. and then both sides are doing that. too aren't they isn't. that weird no and that. weird mate no no matter. what that's what you have. epiphanies that other people have known. since they were 18 i know and you know what that's important. you need to. keep having those epiphanies no i'm saying. you have them now at 43. when everyone else had them. at 17 or 18 now. we're getting into dick. territory dictator territory no but i'm saying i already knew. that oh yeah okay. yeah but i realized it. again okay realizing stuff again. is the [ __ ] absolute [ __ ] and people don't do that enough and i mean that you're yelling yeah i get it i think i mean you're right people forget. important lessons cuz they they're so obvious. that they never think about them. again and therefore they never really like sink in a second. time and that's not ideal is what you're saying. you weren't listening he wasn't listening. i can tell by the way. he was looking up over. there l i am listening. cuz i'm i'm i'm processing it. but also you know there's stuff. that i think that you know. you did didn't know that. i already knew there's stuff. i didn't know that you already. knew yeah that yeah that like you say stuff. and i'm like yeah it's obvious. dude i see like you know at least i'm realizing. again and not thinking it. for the first time i mean you say that. all the time when i say stuff. on this show you're always like yeah. that's obvious yeah okay. so i'm the smart. one no no no no no we all we all know that. no so anyway um yeah i i i do think that's crazy. though because the right you you your your your thought immediately. is that the right. does that the the the conservatives do. that but then you're like liberals. do that dude cuz you're like oh [ __ ] they make you feel feel like if you don't support the cause you're not going to. be you know you're you're let me. go to the he's going. to read his own. text again look at this. quote here okay so so think about this dude. guys be smart with me. here all you have to. do is tell them that. they're being attacked and denounce the pacifists. for lack of patriotism obviously pacifists. right makes me think that. that person whoever that quote is from was specifically talking about a fascist yes government right. yes they were they were okay i'm sure they were i probably were uh pacifist for lack of patriotism. and exposing the country. to d danger and you wouldn't you know. but but like you see this. on twitter liberals do this. okay not with the you know. obviously remove the word pacif remove. the word wow remove the word. pacifist remove the word patriotism. or you know pacifist or you know. exposing the country to. danger it's just like it it. actually it it the rules. are all the same this. is the rule book. but that's yeah but see you're still doing. it you're having the epiphany that. everyone i'm realizing it you know and also doesn't matter what side. you're on of course you think the other side. does exactly that that's why. quotes like that are so. universal [ __ ] wow okay i wish we all knew that we do yeah innately. we need to be realizing. sing it again every year or so how about this every few episodes. we will read that. put that text before the show. it'll be lifeline it'll be the intro. and then it'll be that text. and then it'll it'll be followed by your text. it says anyway whatever you say going. to bed i think we need to. stop talking about this oh i [ __ ] agree wholeheartedly so let's go. to another submission [ __ ] man chris uh thank you guys so much for the advice. um and like all advice. i decided not to. take it yeah that's true. and instead show my wife. the video of you. guys talking about you didn't. know about that oh yeah was it was it. she was at he's gonna i don't remember this. guy he's gonna explain it's a it's isn't it. the the the dr peer thing. keep going okay so pissed. oh at first uh and then about 20. minutes later she looked at me. and she's like you know. what that's actually pretty funny. and i never knew i did. that so and now she makes jokes. about it now it's like it's just something. that we joke about and it doesn't happen. anymore so thank you guys so much. as a note i was listening. to that podcast um and my truck. and trailer hit a patch. of ice i ran into. a fire hydrant and then um when i turned the podcast. back on changing my flat. tire and all that other stuff i heard that my submission got put in so life rips what do you do what was the thing he said thank you guys. so much love your show. i didn't hear the last. part what do you mean. you didn't hear the last. part blah blah it was quick. what did he say he hit the fire. hydrant and what oh with the he once. he started putting the tire. back on his car he started listening. to podcast again then he heard himself. on the show oh but i don't know what was it. about wasn't it the one. where we we have to. stop this when i remember when i said stop it. and you're like no keep going. nobody knows what's happening for like 3. minutes we have to. we have to stop it. be like here's the recap. then do it otherwise the show. makes no sense for three well. when we edit it. it'll be it'll make sense. how about that why because we'll put it in we ed. mak built this deck i. don't exactly he's not even. here i knew that so that's why. i said stop that's the main problem. the main problem is nobody's listening. to me we're all listening to. you man the main problem. is don't remember his i don't remember either. all right what the dr. pepper what the [ __ ] what are we going. to do also we know what the most. annoying part is you know. what the most annoying part. is no yesterday mako said dude. the submissions are stacked today. yeah he did this the second. one we don't even remember what. the [ __ ] it is remember when he said that anthony yeah yeah yeah what what the [ __ ] the dr pepper thing i got to. change my beanie for that. what's the drer [ __ ] mad the i don't even know if that's the one but there was something about he said dr. pepper so i don't know. what that is he said he said about the dr. pepper yeah oh wait play. it again i didn't even hear. him say that i thought i said dr. pepper this is crazy. off the rail this. is the worst podcast we've ever. done hey matt chris uh thank you guys. so much for the advice um and like all advice. i decided not to. take it and instead show my wife. the video of you. guys talking about you didn't. know about that um oh she was pissed. it was me at first. uh and then about 20. minutes later she looked at me. and she's like you know. what that's actually pretty funny. and i never knew i did. that so and now she makes jokes. about it now it's like it's just something. that we joke about and it doesn't happen. anymore so thank you guys so much. it was me note i was listening. to that podcast um and my truck. and trailer hit a patch. of did he say dr. pepper no i did that's why. you think he this is crazy. dude i said dr. pepper because i thought that. was a submission he was referencing. he didn't say that i thought you just said. that you i don't know. never mind let's ask him. what's happening what do you mean. i mean a few things are happening. so which thing you're talking about you said dr. pepper i did yeah i have a memory. of him saying dr. pepper fu made you made that part. set it up all right. i remember vaguely what it. is oh cool it. was bringing something up. that he should have put a note with this. [ __ ] thing of course he should have it was bringing up something that how could he not put a [ __ ] note how could he how could he expect to. knowy i'm trying to. find it he was bringing up. something you know what the worst. part is is that people watching this. are going to. know exactly what it is and we don't yeah. yeah yeah that's [ __ ] so hold on now. we have to find out. he he it something that his girlfriend. didn't know she did and should he bring it. up and tell her or not [ __ ] i don't remember dude. yeah we don't remember i vaguely. have a feeling about it. and i swear to. god mako's not going to. answer his phone too that's the thing. you texted he's not going yeah i texted him. yeah and he said it. was stacked to. the gills that's the thing. that really pisses me. off no we should honestly. cut this out no way. no it's disrespectful to. who our audience why cuzz they need to. know what's going on all. right we'll do an extra and i'll tell you why. it's disrespectful poked me so hard. i didn't mean to. and i'll tell you why it's disrespectful. you really did i'll tell you why. it's disrespectful to. cut this out for the audience. i'll tell you why and this is why. i'm i'm different okay here we go. i know but it really yeah. when we get pissed at mako uhhuh. and we get pissed at anthony. uhhuh i'll tell you right. now it's all right sized it's right. sized okay now people don't. see anthony people don't see mako all. the time a lot of times people. think we're [ __ ] dicks oh right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah if we cut this out yeah later on something bubbles up yeah and we unleash on maka yeah right right. they're going to think we're dicks. and they're not even going. to know about this backstory right. oh well it just so happens. that he said that. the submissions were stacked. to the gills and the second one. we didn't even know what it. was about and he didn't leave a note. with it he didn't leave. a note didn't even think to. leave a note people at home. go like this wow oh he found it. that marco really is. a dick he found it. dude anthony this is the coolest. thing you've ever done. how is this guy pos. how is this guy honestly. eight years younger in this. video i don't understand why he looks so different. he's eight years younger. in the video before. he went into. the future and took this next. one too scared to. say the the stress of showing her aged him. this much it's like when people become president. all right so c. um my wife does something. that annoys the living hell out. of me and i can't. [ __ ] talk her for it because she's my wife i want to. love her well the problem is anytime that i that's annoying. like have a matter of fact. like oh i didn't know that. she will claim that she does. know that for example i will look at a playground. be like i didn't know they had a really long slide. there and she like you didn't know that. oh no she does on everything. and the thing that makes me the most mad. is half the time i know. she doesn't know that that specific. park has a slide well that's what makes it. the worst everything how do you know. that what is a spin mo. that i can do to. not be honestly my hair if you said it was less than a 9.8 right. there that's crazy i even think my hair. looks good and i don't like when i do that. with my hair i think my hair looks good. look we had good hair. that day um all right. we're we're patched up the fact. that mo unbelievable unbelievable. do you think the worst. part is that he said it. was stacked to. the gills and this is the second one. though no i think that is just to. me it's just like what the what the [ __ ] it's incredible. that is incredible but it. just the simple i don't want. to overlook the very simple. fact that he would put something. in without context or note. or even a heads up. that it's about a speci. like what who do you. what do you think we are dude. oh you know we are ai. what are we just like machines. with like banked every single [ __ ] submission. in our heads hey dude call me. johnny five okay yeah chris five yeah you're chris chris 5 matt 5. you know what this is an insane. thing and and and and and let me actually say. this you know to. get into the weeds. here cuz we're into. the weeds we really. are into. the weeds we're under the soil. we don't want to. be but we don't want be but in a way. we do want to. be right because in a way. this is the kind of [ __ ] this is what this podcast. is about the inner workings of friendship. the inner workings of madness. the inner workings of when i'm pissed. at somebody everyone should know. why and understand why. and i'm not a dick. for being that pissed i'll be honest. i don't think that's what this. podcast is about and i don't think anyone has ever thought that's what this. podcast is about if kristen heard this podcast she would divorce. me she'd be so mad. okay well make sure she doesn't listen. to this episode then happy. easter kristen uh stop listening five minutes ago. let me tell you also this. if i heard this podcast. this episode of this. podcast lifeline mh before any other episode. of lifeline mh i would be like i would be a lifelong. listener yeah you would listen to. you it would be your favorite. podcast it would yeah yeah yeah yeah do you know that well you are in a club of one in that regard i'm pretty. sure guess although it's a good. no this is a good. episode it's real as [ __ ] dude. that's what i'm saying i just want. the realness this is the realness. this episode is the realness. and that will be the title. of the episode no into. the weeds no this. this episode is the realness. i think into the weeds. is better i don't all. right well doesn't matter though. it whichever one it is well. it'll be good right. and if it's into. the weeds haha all right. all right next one let's see how stacks this. [ __ ] show this one better be [ __ ] what up chris and matt big fan of the show and santino here um had a quick comment for you guys uh you talked about certain smells of people giving you that boyo um there's actually an evolution tionary trait associated with it where you can smell. what certain individuals are deficient. in um ie uh i could smell. if my partner was low in vitamin d and if i was also low in vitamin d i could smell. that so it wouldn't uh be beneficial for us. to procreate see no. i was saying that being said am. i in a lab. cod no so it's a [ __ ] [ __ ] for me to. try and here and say a bunch of [ __ ] i have no business talking about might well make a tik tok um so that leads into. my question do you guys. have any funny instances of your friends. or family trying to. tell you some stuff that. they have no [ __ ] business talking kiding me. do you have a mom. thanks keep up the good. work love the show thank you. my mom does that so much. that it it it definitely is. her business now like she has no business. talking about all the different. kinds of cancer everyone we've ever. known gets sheist but she's basically a cancer. specialist now she's and if she'd stopped talking about people who got cancer. i'd be like mom what's wrong. yeah did you have a stroke. yeah why you why have you not brought up. cancer in the last 25. minutes no but we should say just to. be clear certain smells of people give you that. boo which is you know sometimes you're really att like like i say my wife. just something the way. she smells it's just intoxicating and it's it. gives me that booo right. and that's a good thing. i'm just saying i'm i'm i'm you know. i'm doing i'm realizing again. which is what is a good. thing what we decided because of the thing i'm realizing. again which is a good thing. okay because what what the thing. is what i said about. the zone of interest thing. is what is afterwards. with the zone of interest. quote that quote that i said again. what the [ __ ] i'm saying if you re realizing if you keep re realizing stuff it's good for everybody okay and so that's what i'm doing now about the boyoo but you said it you can't be like you know what's so true the thing i said a couple episodes ago and and now that is where i disagree you can agree with yourself all day long and you can tell people you agree with yourself all day long no here's you do agree with your your all day long but you you can't and should not you do it anyway but you should not be doing that because then you're boring you got a [ __ ] huge ego do you know what i mean i don't know those two things or you're right yeah right there we go but people with hug jos and people who are boring absolutely think they're always right what if your name was hugh jigo you know what i always think of what if your name was hugh jassel oh right yeah hugh jassel would be the most incredible name in fact that would be i bet there is one person with the name hugh jassel hugh jassel some spelling like j ssle e or something like that you know we're off topic but um be great this guy uh you know i oh my god hugh jassel division director waste consultant so many people named. hugh jle that's funny he's a waste that's got to. be a joke that's got that's a joke. that's a joke it's on. linkedin it's on linkedin. it's got to. be a joke was consultant hugh. jassel come on no. no no come on please be real. dude don't do me. like that i don't want to. find out another m thing like the he's got a bunch. of mutual connections with anthony. why see more butts. mutual friend my hawk mike hunt. yeah you know get everybody. named mike um yeah i told you there. was somebody on uh but remember when i said that. dude there's a bunch of huge [ __ ] period. guy is from gta. yeah remember remember i said that. though remember when i said that. though what the smell was. good for evolution and that's who you should procreate. with yeah man and i agreed. with you cuz that's just a fact. oh yeah good job. i mean good i'm not like you're i thought. you i thought when i said that. the first time you went like this. oh oh maybe but it makes total sense. yeah it's good it's good. you knew that though good job. also who the [ __ ] that guy maybe he's wrong you know. yeah but i don't think he is no. i don't think he is either. so you think if you had a baby. with somebody that you didn't have that. intoxicating smell with that maybe it's a bad. idea and they grow up. and get like uh you know. no cell no what i think is. that it's not 100% either way i would i would think so too probably. that would be crazy if it was if somebody smells good. to you you're just like let's have kids. that would be insane you know. what's crazy too is it. would suck because people don't. really have options you know. me men women have options of men because men are idiots and men will just go to. wherever they're liked kind of but women. are like no i don't want that. guy i don't want that guy. i don't want that guy. i don't want that guy. so that creates a lot of men. that are like i'll take whatever. i mean talk about biology. though that's how it [ __ ] should be otherwise it would not at all yeah yeah okay i agree but explain why it should be that way because it's it's just like the actual selection is is up to. women in in like a perfect world. because men are what's the word. they're they're they're not posing not like they're putting out. some lie although they sometimes. often do but they're basically presenting. themselves as best they possibly can for women. to do the selecting in a civil human. society but that's true all the way. down to [ __ ] birds. like you watch birds in the wild. they're like [ __ ] doing the [ __ ] big dance and the women are just like right. bye and then the guy's like [ __ ] he's going. to take his whole house. down you know what i mean. it's just true top to. bottom but uh that's all i meant. yeah huh huh so you think uh oh chris is thinking again. guys chris is thinking hard. again no i'm just about to. realize something again about real. stuff no um yeah i just i don't it's it's oh wow. see it's one or the other with you. if you think about real ass. [ __ ] like biology or the brain. it's either like yeah whoa yeah or it's just like oh god. oh no no no i can't about this. no no it's just it's just just it. it really hits me. especially after watching zone of interest. last night it's just like wow. zone of interest really [ __ ] did a number on you it made me think of that it's just i'm like it it almost like it's feudal it's all feudal like fu d. l or fu t i l. e both honestly but fu t l. e like you can't humans don't change. they're not going to change. but it'ser from zone of interest isn't. it's all feudal so throw in the towel no. it's not so throw in the towel but it could be that. it's that one of the points. is is that it's feudal. this is human no it's people are. capable of being this terrible. so don't be that's the point. of the zone of interest or people. are capable human it's in human. nature to do this. no matter what no no. it's not no matter what it's it's in. human nature it's in the big. entire scope of human nature to. possibly be this way so be a different. way is what zone of interest. the takeaway is i mean. obviously there's a lot. than so why why is the point. of it be a different way. how is the point. of it be a different way. well it's not it's not moralizing that's one. of the better things about the movie. it's not like you better. not but it's presenting. this way the guy. gets i mean i don't want to. give the [ __ ] you know what i'm talking about he gets like [ __ ] wretching and sick so that says it all it's like dude. if you live this way eventually. this guy does a verp. at the end that's not that. he kills [ __ ] millions of people. but it's a movie it would suck. if at the end he was like what. i did was so bad. and i can't stand myself. for it but yeah but you're got to. be subtle and interesting come upin cuz he ate a [ __ ] say come upin dude i didn't say come up. you're asking what the movie's telling. us and i'm telling you okay. let's do another one. what we doing dude. let's do another one. f the [ __ ] [ __ ] sucks we keep talking about zone of interest. like we're just gl. eber i'm going to. go ahead and say this is the best. podcast we've ever done. okay i don't agree you. don't huh no we'll see. we talk about v for half. the [ __ ] time so far it's an overking theme. about what it is okay. all right ah put a shirt on dudes. um army wren just watched the latest episode. of lifeline and had a thought around what you guys. were saying about the expiration date. for films um i fully agree. i would never watch anything. beyond the 1980s maybe. w like like days are confused. and uh that other one. that other one with all. detention and [ __ ] um whoa the dumbest man. alive get that with music. do you like music. can go back as far. as the 1920s and i'll still listen. to it like old school. blues music um what about the 1600s. people are into. tunes from the 60s and 70s. um gu got [ __ ] just a tiny timeless. really so what the difference. between that and film i that's actually a good. question che i don't think there is that's a good question. but your time frame is. so off you only go back. to the 80s and movies. and only go back to. the 20s in music. movies that what about music. that came out what about. like single ladies came out in 2012. can't listen to. that anymore can you uh so i take back. him having a tiny brain. it's just you got to. go further back on both. forms of art music doesn't end. in the 1920s movies certainly don't. end in 1980s i mean. goes back before home alone. i mean idi you know what idiot there. wasn't much before home alone. a child i don't listen. to music well period no. i think here's the very plain. an obvious difference technologically yeah. music has advanced a lot but it's still the same. instruments same types of instruments. basically right obviously vocals came in at. a certain point and like synths and [ __ ] like that electronic stuff movies the tech. is has advanced so much. more bas the mov and in way. more condensed of a period. of time if you look at the jazz. singer the first talkie whatever. you want to. call it 1927 to. now that's like the entire history of of movies. with words in them. music you go back again. mozart and [ __ ] even way before and it's like it's close enough is to. what we have as music. now you look at [ __ ] old ass silent movies. they're basically like completely different. [ __ ] things than the avengers. or whatever the [ __ ] oh man imagine imagine the avengers silent film in night. in 1910 imagine showing the avengers. to a film audience. in 1927 they would just like no out. like all right here we go. and start the movie they start. the movie yes completely completely. completely that is shows up. that is exactly what would happen. you know that story about uh the the great. train robbery the lumier brother. they showed the lumier brothers. legend it's the legend has it. that they showed an audience. a movie of just a train. coming at the camera yeah and the aud. members of the audience went running. screaming thinking a train was coming. at them i would have too movies. just have a different place. in our brains than music. i would have too you think so yeah. i don't even know if i believe that. come on you thought. a [ __ ] train was there you're not near a train. you didn't think a train was there. but you your brain got [ __ ] up no it's not even that you were like just in case. just in case i'm going. to run i think it's not. going to happen. but i think movies actually [ __ ] with people's brains in a way that. it makes me i agree. with you but for a different reason. i think people saw it. and then didn't think oh the train's going. to hit me they were just like in their brain. it was like train a migdala was. like and they just react. so wor scientists but you know. your mdala goes w. and then you run that's what that's me. as a scientist yeah so mdal goes w. w right here with a pointer. yeah all right all right next. one wow these are really stacked. to the gills marco. yeah where to go. marco hey matt hey chris this is craig from lake. stevens washington should have a radio i. was just listening to. trim your hershey bars and i was thinking about how people actually wear apple vision pros. in public oh really how absolutely out. to lunch do you have to. be think that that's [ __ ] normal to. be seeing augmented reality just at. the cofe shop like i feel like it's an exaggerated version. of the having a speaker phone conversation. in public like no one. can hear you oh yeah for sure. i just hits absolutely wrong. to me anyways just wanted to. say long time baby been watching. all deia content that i can since whitney and undatable. so love the show guys keep it up. thanks thanks bud since your little home. videos that your dad were like what. he's got [ __ ] footage of us. as three and sixyearolds um yeah i don't think they think it's normal. though is the only thing i would say i think that they think it's [ __ ] cool. and it's like a kind of flex. or or they don't care. in a few years. it'll be different yeah you better. get used to. it yeah exactly but i think right. now when people do that. it's like they're just like yeah. i'm going to wear my [ __ ] expensive. ass [ __ ] out never going to. see me they either think it's cool. or they think i i'm g. to suck it up. and it may be dorky. but this is feel it's awesome. you know yeah but if you're a ladder. like just don't leave the house. with it like what do. you need to. be doing out there. i guess so i mean. unless you want to. experience it outside because you can still. see i guess you know what i don't even know enough. about it honestly. you know you see what you see. but you still can do whatever. you do on a computer. yeah like the goggles. show you what's in front of you. yeah but you know. what they don't actually show. you what's in front of you. oh they are um recreating what's in front of you. did you know that like your brain. does that's what your brain. that's your eyes do yeah. yeah that's crazy really uhhuh. why cuz it's seeing it. and the cameras are making it be what. it is it's not dude. that's crazy that's like what you're eyes. actually do how interesting yeah yeah. i'm going to be like this. you do the rest of the episode. i'm this yeah that's fine. i really got mad with that. one okay um i don't was that even. a question what was that no he was saying. how annoying is it. yeah i mean yeah it's it's it's just got us. exactly it's [ __ ] i watch that that show three body problem i watch that show zone. of interest and no three three body. problem you know what's that it's that one. about ai and i guess it was a book. that some i think i think chinese. guy wrote what's it called. three body problem maybe i have heard of that. it's the worst title for. anything i've ever heard terrible. but it's a it's a show on netflix. now and um it's just all about ai. and aliens and it's pretty. crazy um oh it's a scripted. thing got it okay. yeah yeah and isa gonzalez isn't it. yeah yeah our favorite uh yeah she's in that. and uh there's some good acting and some bad. acting and what a review. what a review and there oh it's the guys. that made [ __ ] that's why everybody cares. about it's the guys that created. the show uh game of thrones. oh lord of the rings i said same. thing game of thrones oh. people don't like it huh. oh do they not oh four. out of five never mind that's good it's it's and i'm not saying this. is a bad thing because i don't think this. is a bad thing it's so boring. and i watch the whole. thing i watch the whole thing. yeah so why' you watch the whole. thing and why do people like it. if it's you know why i watch the whole. thing because no there's one reason. oh okay well cuz my buddy. said apparently the ending is. crazy he said apparently like he doesn't even. know he didn't know and you took someone else's word. for it viav him and you know. what that was a mistake. it wasn't even something. that was crazy so i was like oh no. i watched eight episodes of this. [ __ ] damn people invest so much much time in television. now don't get it dude. hours you got to. like the whole thing you can't. be like oh but if you stick. with it for two and a half. seasons you're really going to. love like [ __ ] that dude i got other [ __ ] to. do i agree except for if it's a one. se if it's one season. or a whole movie or something. or so you know it's a little uh a movie is whatever it's just o. it's over before you watch. it all in one. [ __ ] day a show that's too much. of a time commit to. be like you got to. stick with it man. [ __ ] that show is it be good earlier show. yeah you know all the shows. i've ever really truly loved didn't. like take a while to. get into it. what is that why do people think that's like an okay. ask of audiences i i okay. i think that sometimes if a show takes its time. setting things up yeah it can be that. much better in the end i agree. but taking its time doesn't mean not good. taking it time just means it's slow. right but that's why i'm saying being boring. is not bad right. but boring i think you're saying the same. thing as me but boring. has a negative is different. yeah slow is sl. can good boring cuz to. me boring is not i have boring. friends that interest the [ __ ] out of me are they really boring well i think that you're someone that doesn't really get bored and i think that's why you're using the word in a way that most people don't think of it you know i don't get bored either i haven't been bored since i was a kid i haven't been bored since mommy's belly i literally haven't been bored since i was inside grandpa bam's ball i grandpa bam i was born haven't been born bored. i haven't been born i haven't been bored. since the big bang wow. i can't top that. that's the beginning of time. all right what's next anthony's sleep. you know hey guys big fan. of the podcast uh chris i just saw you. whenever you came to. shreport louisiana cool um and at the meet and greet. i had told you how much your wife meant. to me and how big of an inspiration. she was to. me as a wife and a mom and um afterwards. i was kind of kicking myself thinking like maybe i should have been more. lighthearted and like funny joking. around with you um and i don't know if you preferred having more. serious meaningful interactions with fans. or if you like it. to stay lighthearted and fun. so um i want to. know from both of you guys when you see fans. out and about do you want it. to be you know joking. and funny or do you like it. whenever it's more serious. and meaningful um let me. know what you guys think. thanks i mean i got to. say and this kind of sounds like a cop. out but it's not i both of them. are both of them are good. oh some actually now i think about it. if i think what the person is saying is true. if i think what they are saying. is true for themselves then i appreciate it. so if if it means a lot. to you and you say this. to me and i believe you then. i like that if you if if if it if your truth. is that oh this. was so funny that bit and that. and that's all it is i appreciate. that i well we do different. things but for me it's absolutely. preferable when people are serious. about a thing uh i don't mean. like you know how much you've changed my life. and da [ __ ] but like i think a seriousness implies. a you're not going to. be very annoying to. me yeah well that's a hug. because when you come up. and try to. be funny with me about. something that either i did. or happened on this. show or whatever like that's probably going. to not be that funny when you do it. i guess i just i so i'd rather. you be like hey i love this. and that whatever like you it. doesn't whatever took it as i took. it as something different. as like hey uh it means a lot. to me your comedy means. a lot to me. this and that means a lot. to me y y versus uh oh bro. that bit was so funny. the former is better. right what i'm saying both. are good oh okay. but but but if it's you doing a bit with me. no that's the never i want. to do that but i guess. what i'm saying is the ladder. is much more likely to. be that so more frequently the former is. better yes yes i yes we all agree. on all fronts and that's great. do you understand drop a comment. below yeah great do you get it. right anthony do you get what we're saying. yeah dead asleep dude. was [ __ ] dead asleep and was so nervous. about farting and and when we said his name. he goes yeah and he felt so much. like heat in his heart. and a little bit fart. came out and he goes oh. [ __ ] i did it but for real though was dead asleep it. heard his name and just went yeah. didn't know what we said just his name. um these submissions are fine. they're not bad that was a good. one that they're they're not bad. it is it's unreal. that makos really hang hung up. on that yeah really it's it's it's unreal. it's pretty unreal like what the [ __ ] was he talking. about fck you know. what i think he was doing. you know what i think he was doing. what i think he was doing. that because he wanted to. make up for the fact. that he's not here today yeah. yeah of course i i knew that. from the second it yeah [ __ ] yeah you actually think that i thought that i thought that this whole. time yeah did you think that when he said it. yesterday no no no no no i thought that's some deep. knew he was truthfully. i thought he was being honest. did and in reality. he was lying we can't. trust him he was just plain. old lying he knew he was doing it. you think he knew he was doing it. no no no no i don't think that. you think you don't think he knew. doesn't make it better. i don't think neither here there. it doesn't make it better. to to not have in his sub. just kicked an overdrive yeah. really yeah yeah got to. kick my ass what a [ __ ] unknowing piece of [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we'll do one more maybe it's the best one ever let's get one more in here and see if it's great jesus. is jesus it's the same. guy who did the po. that i i had to. stop i'm in the middle of your of your podcast. right now episode 101. and you guys are talking chris. was saying something and matt didn't respond. and then matt matt you were like yeah. i don't need to. respond and then chris is like that's how conversations. work and it was wild. to me because matt i usually agree. with you h in our. family what he talking about i know that is how conversation listen. if i'm like oh i want to. go see a movie it. did to my wife. i want to. see that movie what's it uh uh godzilla minus one. let's just say oh i want to. go see godzilla minus one. and then she just like blank stares. at me you do that. and then goes like what do. you want to. have for dinner tonight you do. that uh i would be like did. you hear me yeah yeah but you didn't say. do you want to. go see i want i want to. go see that movie come on man. and she would probably be like yeah i heard. you it just just it doesn't need a response. what it's a conversation yeah. i agree guess what the person. even with like a oh hey i want to. go see that movie oh yeah cool. okay and then what by the way. what do you want to. do for din tonight that's how you segue. or that's how you bring up. what you want to. bring up you don't just well. that say anything that's like narcissistic stuffit co. dependence thing for oh i don't have to. respond yeah you don't have to. but if you want to. be a normal person in a regular conversation. you normally will just put a button on it. as chris said anyways. i love you both. that's my two cents on it. no question uh he keeps doing that. i don't like it he did. that before uh yeah. he did that in the poop. video remember he did a poop video. he did a i was thinking. in fact i hated it. so much when you did. this i was thinking about it. on a day we weren't. even here i was like that. [ __ ] guy did that thing when he signed off he went i'm talking. about the [ __ ] no way you thought about him not during this. it might have been this. morning cuz i was probably because i was thinking about the show. actually yeah wow uh but yeah no uh i mean. look honestly he makes a better. case for it than you. do so when you say it. i don't really agree with you. but he i kind of agree. with what he just said well. that's what i said but i don't what. what was it do we remember what. it was no no no no but we we talk. about it's something that our family. talks about sometimes it's about it's see i it's more nuanced than that it's not like if you were like hey matt no it is more nuanced than that yeah i want to. see x movie and i'm just like it's different. then yeah sure obviously it's different. than saying man it's hot. in here and you not saying anything to. that okay then you don't you. don't necessarily have to. be like i don't think so yeah. it is but but beyond that. example you kind of got to. put a butt on let's find. the line then like what where's the line. what is okay just under the threshold. if i bring up oh i saw zone. of interest last night. and you don't say anything. after that is crazy agree. that's dad would do that. you would do that well. no that okay but even if that's true. where is the threshold of i bought a really cool hoodie. yesterday you you no but i wouldn't do it. about that though let's like what. i'm trying to do is establish where all right. person journey it's a personal. thing what do you mean. it's different for everybody. yeah well obviously if it's different for everybody. then why do you have a problem. with where my line. is because you know me. but i have to. care about no you don't. technically but it's nice all. right next time it happens. bring it up okay. but it doesn't happen. as much with you as it. does with dad well dad is just like dad. is like [ __ ] a gangster about i know you know what i would have. used the same exact. word yeah he's a [ __ ] just straight up mobster. he didn't [ __ ] ask he didn't ask me a question you said a statement you put a question at the end i'll answer yeah. yeah yeah i don't got to. do nothing i ain't saying. nothing to nobody unless you ask a question. for me and even if you do i got to. respect you [ __ ] is he like that i don't know man he's always been like that it's it's very true he's such a gangster dude we' be driving hop in the car oh it's really it's really really cloudy dad. yeah hey you see it's really. cloudy or what this what. you know look and he's just what. is that i don't know. i don't know but i've thought it. was weird since jump. dude yeah it is weird. i mean it's not i i i get why. he doesn't have feel like he has to. say something but what the [ __ ] is going through. his mind technically don't yes. you technically don't have to. say something yeah cuz i don't it. doesn't bother me though. it bothers you when he does that. it doesn't bother me. when he does that you know. you know big big nuts. chris big nuts chris dude. just the least creative. porn star name that would be the best. you imagine let me. tell you something if big nuts. chris was a porn star. oh man that's true. it would be the only male porn i watch james. de and i'm not gay. and you'd get it yeah john holmes. yeah no big nuts chris. also the first name makes it funnier. like if it was big. nuts johnson yeah it wouldn't more. s big nuts chris. is great big nuts ted. to be like oh yeah. big big tits and like oh hell yeah. like o o chicks who do this or oh yeah. that kind of and then be like big nuts. chris i got to. click on this like you would i would oh gay. first of all gay even a solo. thing but but um bouncing. around on i'm like one of those things. dude um i what we talking about. what were we talking about. that dad yeah but people have stories about me. if i was a mobster and they would say oh right. yeah they would say uh yeah. you don't want to. [ __ ] big nuts chris big nuts chris he he he sure was a [ __ ] one time he he put a guy's head in a vice because he didn't respond. to one of something he said what you talking. about he said thought it. was disrespectful he said there were so many things going. on in his mind. he only picks a few. and if he's gifting one to. you verbally you got to. reciprocate that with an answer. everybody would be terrified of you but they don't want to. kill you because they're scared. of you for that. reason and then someone would kill you and then you'd be dead. at 43 you can't be that. much of a wild card you know as a lobster. cuz when you're that much of what the [ __ ] are you looking at me like that for why. were you so surprised. when i opened a can of something. it was the the timing of you. opening that can after what you said. was very funny really yeah and and i i it. got went unnoticed i thought i bring it. up but then it's not in the microphone. so i know people are going. to go and it was just very very funny okay well okay uh but yeah uh you can't be that much of a wild. card monster you got to. have people like you as much. as well as respect you otherwise. they're going to kill. you so is it more. about living your whole life. as much as you can or is. it more about living beond your legend. not being a mobster because being a mobster would be the most stressful. thing in the [ __ ] world god i don't know how people do that it'll be so stressful first of all you're doing illegal [ __ ] all the time you're going to. get caught go to jail. at some point stressful. second of all you're keeping it. from everybody in your normal. life ostensibly i would imagine so. also [ __ ] so stressful third of all people work under you if you're like a boss or some kind of coo in some way or another your [ __ ] always thinking about how badly they want to. replace you and kill you or just want. you to die like don't. do mobster [ __ ] do other [ __ ] you don't even make that much money if you're in the mob dude unless you're at the very [ __ ] top hard it's nonstop dude you got to. do this at [ __ ] 2: a.m. for. that [ __ ] guy you got to. [ __ ] you're always on call you can never be like oh but i'm sick like get a job at get a regular job. dude work at ikea. why the show get tickets. to the live show in irvine. on may may 14th right. yes get tickets may 14th the live show. irvine improv where you can come see. us live at do lifeline. liveo i clap like this. now it's so taxing on my [ __ ] packs. dude hello hell hello. hello hello hello 