 runk hello hello hello hello hello toronto. i am going to. be in toronto chia dot com. in bismar those are the two new. dates bismar north dakota for some reason. in toronto i will be there. chris dot com and i'll also be in a bunch. of different cities coming up. uh bont mallen texas uh peterboro. canada i don't know what that is but uh thunderbay. duth london ontario anyway go. get those tickets now mobile alabama. uh christ dot com thank. you very much bunch of other places. in alabama too i know. i don't know i've been to. alabama before though i have like to. perform yeah i've been to. uh arkansas arkansas is the one place. is is is i think the one. of two states i've never been to. really yep oh wow that's so weird. that i even said that. then arkansas and montana oh and alaska oh i've been to. two of those mon. and arkansas both for work. that's even oh yeah right. you went to montana. yeah um so anyway uh that's yeah. so uh you can get that. or you can go to. the pat also patreon dot com. lifeline luxury i said that. was going to be on lifeline. luxury we have that's our patreon. and that's when we have our uh that's where we also. have our lifeline lives with the audience. which are awesome and last one. was great it's up there. now if you want to. go check it out dot com. there is lifeline luxury. but we're going to. do another one i said we're going. to do one in october we're not we're going. to do one in december. early december uh so but that'll be also on that so check out. the patreon um and uh you know. matt has a podcast private. record private record this this week's episode dude. oh yeah the return of the cult. the guy who escaped the cult. return of the guy who escaped the cult. turn of the guy who escaped this. cult listen to. this listen how much of a hero. me and my show are okay. he laughing he he he he he his family. was all still in the cult. when the first episode dropped since. then all of his family. has also left except one. person because of the podcast yeah dude. it caused this crazy yeah it's crazy. so that's what this episode's about i'm like a hero. i'm an actual hero. but don't say that i mean. you know it's like ben the guest. is hero but i facilitated. all so i'm a hero. well fine that's okay. well good well good you're doing good. in the world and my podcast. congratulations does really a lot. of good in the world. it really it really does. i'm just following in your footsteps. man yeah i talked about one. like two things in my last podcast. for for 30 minutes each so that's cool. oh nice dude yeah so like and subscribe. this here and get on super good. studios and we love it. and get our merch. lifel merch dot com. and we love it. i'm working on new mer. merch too but whatever um oh was so so bl do you think uh you think we're cool. or what dude i tell you what i am. i i did it i did. i man we just are who we are huh. i did didn't really say. anything i did something that. i knew i was going. to do that i knew i shouldn't do that. i couldn't help but do a story of my life. and i we get these burritos from here. it's a place i get the burrito. from there and um we all get burritos from there. do we okay. is true you're talking about what. we just ate w late. yeah yeah okay yeah so it's really. good and one burrito. isn't enough and i've we probably i probably had it. five six times now and i go one. day i'm g to. get two god that's so interesting. that you think one. is not enough i can't. tell you how much one is enough. and then i go like this. that's going to make me. feel awful of course i should not get two of course. and then i think but on me. uhhuh i'm going to. want i'm going to. crack one time i'm going. to crack i'm going. to say get two sure. once you should do it. though if you think if you always think one's not enough you should try. having but here's the thing too also very good. point but here's also the thing when i when i get when i get to. the place when i get here and i see the two i don't have to. eat both not at all. i can eat one. i could eat one. and a half eat one. in one b could be crazy. like that but then i know wait a minute. me you're still me uhh. and i know i'm going. to eat both okay. even if i don't want to. well that's weird okay so you get full. and you keep eating i get full i eat. so what i did was today. i got the two uhhuh. here they are now i got them. i ate one and i go like this. i want i want more okay okay right. started eating the second one. and i and i go that's a lot. okay how many bites in did. you start doing that uh like two or three. right away in the second one. okay and then i finished the second one. w dude and now i feel awful. oh dude yeah i bet and i knew it. was going to happen and we are our. destiny right we cannot. escape fate and that is what it. is and ever since the upswing of the burrito. which was by the way. the third episode which is a different. burrito that we used to. get now we have a new burrito. and i got two so this. really is the upswing of the burrito. this is the revenge of the burrito. this is just the revenge of the burrito. dude the revenge of the burrito. wait hello was it a different. hello was it a different place. more human than human. yeah just that's the preview the burrito. coming through the door more. human than human man hello. oh no in their mouth. the two the burrito. forces in the mouth yeah it's like someone to. eat it that's [ __ ] messed up. dude it's it's um obviously a metaphor. but it's yeah it's it's not yeah. it's a burrito revenge of the burrito. and there was no there was no first movie it's just revenge of the question. though if the burrito. if the whole thing that the burrito. does is make someone eat it. can it only do that. once or like how does it. work it's a virus so it. goes into the person. no it's a virus it's like there's a bunch of them. it's not just one oh this. is what i was wondering okay. yeah so so proper this. is what i was wondering so so it's revenge of the burrito. burrito is plural in this planet. burrito is plural for burrito. as well it's like sheep. so it's revenge of the burritos i thought about this. a lot no it's revenge of the burrito. burrito is multiple but it's not multiple burritos is a word i know but on on in the world of the movie and on the planet. burrito the burrito race is a burit. is is burrito. have you ever called the burrito. a obama no okay. why would i do that. just it's not good it doesn't sound. nice and it's not funny. i've called it that for years. really barit obama yeah. that's stupid me and him. all right well fine anyway we're always doing. stupid stuff what are you gonna. do about it what. can you do about it. really i here's what i will. say though this podcast that we have lifeline. is the best it's the best. it's great it's a great. podcast okay i don't know why. it's not bigger it's getting. bigger and that's fine. and it's cool and people love it. i the people who love it. love it we're very it it's very obvious. uh like a a culty. sort of [ __ ] thing here but the the the the podcast. is very the banter. the brother the brotherhood of it. the people that have a family. they really get it. you know what i'm saying i do because i watched. a show some times and i'm like wow. you really give it to. me like a brother all building. up to you kicking the living [ __ ] out of and that's fine. but i'd like to. explore something with you my face. your face and so uh so anyway yeah no i agree it's uh it's the just tell your friends. about it but whatever this doesn't need to. be a thing i hear maybe the most is i love. the show it reminds me. of yes the dynamic between me and my sister me and my brother you're the sister. i'm the brother i'm brother. cuz the brother cuz i'm so [ __ ] manly anyway um so so yeah so what have you been up. to dude i mean you know it's like come on what like you asked me. more than once well there's a it was a huge pause. after i i can't tell you how many things have gone. wrong with my car in the last. two or three months. wow and it's boring. and i'm not going to. list it all but it's like i get it. fixed and then it's just another [ __ ] thing and it's not just the car it's also like dmv stuff or triaa it's just like so anything with the car car. adjacent unbelievable dude. i had to fill out. a form i've never filled out. of form what do you mean just never i don't think i've ever filled out. of form i tell you what i haven't filled out. of form since i was in my in my teens what do you mean yes. you have you have to. fill things out to. get things so often if you don't it. just kind of you can still. just kind of be ch. you have you mean you have people fill things out for you. yeah or i think maybe me. too i had somebody fill something. out for me they did it. in such a way. i'm not going to. name names because i'm a nice guy. but they did it in such a way. that they put there were like okay. there were boxes designated to. put a number in right. there were six boxes yeah. it for the mileage counter. on the car okay. okay in case that you. get up to the hundreds in hundreds of mean. but yeah the person that did. it put right the the number. it was it was in the tens. of i can tell and they've started. in the wrong box. i can tell that that's was going. to happen and i'm and then the dmv. took months to. send it back and say we can't accept. this the numbers are too. far over and i couldn't believe the anger. okay so okay i couldn't believe the anger. so now you talk about how you weren't. going to list the things. now let me tell you something. when you started with the first listing. right there that thing the story became infinitely. better i know no but it and now i'm mad. again and that's why i wanted. to avoid it okay. oh i see so not from boringness. no i'm mad no i'm like mad. because of anger why is it. so when someone gets mad. it's so funny i don't know. that's interesting we get so cuz we relate. and we go oh glad it's not me. i i was looking at a videos. on i woke up way. too early this morning. i was looking at videos. on youtube and i ended up i don't know. why my algorithm does. this but it shows me like uh dash. cam stuff of motor cyclist yeah. and there was one where a guy. got really mad at a driver. and i looked at the comments. and it's like they all of the commenters. are in absolute ecstasy about how mad the guy. got and they're like oh i felt that. i love that oh it's like magestic anger. i was like damn people got problems. myself included that's pretty wild. not me i have no problems. especally when i drink my magic. mind let's do a first thing. plug it yeah let's do it you. know all right guys listen. listen listen listen i want each of you. to repeat this phrase. okay a hypnotist to. both of them i went to. both of them now did you say when it comes. to this word both. yeah of course did you say. both thank you of them. i went to. both of them or did you say. i went to. both of them thank you because a lot. of people are starting to. catch on to the wave. that that that both i guess is there. there's an l in there. now both no no no no no no no. no there's no len both. yeah it's both it's true. i went to. both of them it's true. i went to. both of them if you say both. you're a piece of [ __ ] wow went so far wow. dude here's the deal. i people do do that. it's like people say supposedly instead of supposedly that's terrible. if you do that when you're eight. it's okay yeah if you're an adult. with hair on your face and you're saying both you you got to. got to walk into. the sea do you know. what i mean like it's not. a good it's not a good. thing and and and you are a you are a going. people are going to. think you're dumb yeah both. both is weird because you're just adding a letter. you're just it's often often people say often and they say often even though. the te is silent but the t. is there right do people say. often i guess they do yeah. but but here's the thing that i liked. about this guy's submission is he added. a bunch of different words. in the sentence that we had to. say yeah he just write down. both and then say say this. word i like that he did. we went to. both of them was he trying. to throw us off no. i think he was there. did i feel like that's what he said. here's what heard somebody saying if he put the word. alone we would have thought about it. too much and somebody that's liable. to say both might have said both. right he wanted to. i already when reading it i knew. that that's what he did. anyway i'm smart he wanted. to lure it out i knew it. was about the both both okay. did you oh uh beforehand. i didn't know anything. i didn't know that it was. about a word i did. i'm so good with [ __ ] like that dude what is [ __ ] like that like that's not something like picking up on certain things you know how like women will be like i'm just like like i can just tell stuff you know. like like a lot of women. think they're psychic you know. okay and they're not okay. you're both psychics don't exist. so that's why right. but me i'm not psychic but like i should be. doing that instead of women i should be say go. for it dude nobody i should be saying i'm psychic more. okay are you no i'm not psychic but i i deserve. to be the one who's saying. it not all these chicks okay. cu it's like sleeper sleeper so many of these women. are like oh my god it's so weird. i keep looking at the clock. and it keeps showing fives. and you're like you don't deserve to. be saying that i'm the one. who's good at figuring things out. and knowing stuff and i'm not psychic but if you're going. to be starting to. say that kind of stuff. and people think that there's psychics and stuff. out there then it's like i fall by the wayside when i should be getting the credit even though. there are no psychics on to. the next one wow okay. i guess does it make sense. i mean no what you're say. you think mom and dad. watch this doesn't make sense. but the words you're putting together successively. all in a row like it. it works mom and dad. watch this show and i think probably when they heard that part. they were like how did we yeah. like what where did we how did we go. wrong it's not wrong but like how did what. did we do to. make him like oh they think that a lot. yeah all right cool well. let's go to. the next one yeah hey mant chris chris and matt. whichever you prefer my name's david i've been a baby since day one the church. of k congratulations episode is my favorite. episode of all time and i'm it. made me so happy that. you guys started to do. this show matt k has been my philosophy. for years so thank you for that. my question today is regarding. one of my high school. best friends when we graduated high school. he went out of state. for college i stayed in state. and so our relationship really quickly. became sort of checking in when we were both. on break uh during christmas. holidays or when he was visiting and stuff. like that all have to. say after school now it's become a lot. harder to. stay in touch and i told him. that i said hey dude. if we really want to. you know remain close friends. i think it's important. that we set aside a designated time. to check in with each other. whether that just be texting or a phone. call once a month. or something like that because if he's not coming. back every winter for break. then how are we ever going. to tell each other updates you know. last time he was home. for christmas this last in 2023. he told me he had met. a girl and i had not heard of this. girl at all um had nothing to. go off of he's not very active. on social media. neither am i and so i was really. excited for him and he told me. things were going to. get pretty serious in the new year. and i kind of assumed that. meant he was going. to propose but he didn't say. that outright well cut two may. my sister's on instagram and she sees. that he posts a picture proposing. to this girl and honest it. kind of hurt me. uh i wasn't sure how to. react to it my gut. reaction was not excitement for him. it was more a little bit like oh wow. that's kind of shitty that this. is how i find out. about it so i'm not sure. if i'm overreacting there here's the real. kicker oh boy ever. since then i've been trying. to reach out to. him just to. talk about it and maybe you know. if he's with this girl i would love to. meet her i have tried to. call him at least twice. a month for the past. 3 months and he is completely sent every single call. i've had the voicemail i've texted him. been really confrontational and he just hasn't. replied to any of it. so am i overreacting do. you guys have any advice. on what i should do should i shut. the hell up and i just don't know. how to process it or handle. it well now anything you guys. have i would really appreciate i. love you both you remind me. a lot of my brother. and i so keep doing what you're doing. love you guys thanks okay. so thanks that was a long. one but it was actually very good and the way. he told it was very good. uh no fat there was no. fat yeah there was no. fat uh i this i think about this. sometimes you know like not falling. out with friends but like oh sh i used to. hang out with that guy. a lot no we don't but we're still friends. you know yeah or you know. and i think i think it personally. for me it's weird to. keep trying yeah when people have kind of stopped trying. uh it doesn't it could hurt. my feelings but i i i never react. about it like what. the [ __ ] bro you know i mean maybe i would to. like you know a romantic. s like situation in the past. i've done it like what you know. yeah is something different. you know away yeah yeah yeah but like uh that's that's always been. kind of foreign to. me in my personal life and i i wonder what makes a guy. do that to another guy. and then i wonder also like it must be something. with your childhood like that's a fear. of abandonment and [ __ ] but then also the guy is not responding. yeah but what what does it make. when it how how does a guy. get to the point. where he goes what the [ __ ] about another guy because i don't really. get that the i have i don't know. if i ever have so i can't really relate. either i think there's different kinds of men. in in relationships with other men like friendships obviously and i just because i've had it done. to me where i've been confronted. about being like not a good. enough friend and i reacted so negatively and actually just been like like completely back. away and just never talk to. that person again oh okay. well and you're bad guy. but i'm the guy that he's talking about. so yeah that sucks i know. i'm not i'm not saying that's a good. quality of mine but i've gotten defensive. and been like [ __ ] i'm doing the best. i can i call you and text. you as much as i feel like texting you that's not enough. for you then that's not my problem. when but here's the thing so the guy is like am. i doing too much. i don't know what you started. with so i don't know if you started hey what the heck. too early because if you start. hey what the heck. too early it's only going. to push someone away. and that's kind of like a selffulfilling prophecy. so if you start the what the heck. too early then that's on you. and you [ __ ] it up but if you didn't you know calling two times a month. is not egregious no and texting. is it's weird if he doesn't text. back but my somebody i have one friend i guess exf. friend that this happened with that i i i i don't really understand. why we stopped talking it certainly wasn't because of me. um i miss him and i i'm hurt. by it uh like a lot all the time. but i have not written him. or called him and done. anything like that because when i know. i've tried and my answer is in his nonresponse. his answer yeah yeah yeah yeah his answer right. he doesn't want to. be friends with me so i think or or rather. if he wanted to be. friends he would keep responding. and that's the key i think that the guy. is it sucks and it's like a really. like weak person's way. out but if the person is just not responding. consistently over a period. of time when you've reached out many many times unfortunately that. is an answer it. is that is the answer. you're looking for uh it means that that. person doesn't care about you. unfortunately for whatever reason. i i don't and i don't i don't and go. not you know i guess. i'm making it about me. but like the thing with the guy. i was talking about i don't know why. he doesn't want to. would imagine he would say the same. thing probably yeah so so if it's in that. situation you can only assume but you might as well not assume and just be like okay. well he'll reach out if he wants to. it just has nothing to. do with i mean this. has more to do with him. you know and maybe it's maybe it's just he got busy. and like i don't know how long it's been but maybe it's just it's just like dude. i i got this girl and you know. other things matter to. me more now and and that's okay. and you know cu friendships wax. and wayne right maybe he started to. get behind on getting back. to you then you called. him out on it. it then he started feeling bad. and then he stopped responding. cuz he was like oh my god what am. i going to say oh. my god and then it just became such a deep. dark hole in his mind. that he was like every time. he sees a text he's like i'm not not not or he's like oh. [ __ ] i really got to. figure this out i'm not going. yet very much what men do. about a lot of different. things yeah i i yeah but i think the main thing. is you got to. just be like you know. what this dude obviously doesn't want me. to be in his life. at this moment so that's that mhm. and you stop stop killing yourself. over it stop thinking what's going. on why is he just be like okay. he's answering me i'm done. i'm not going to. reach out anymore. all right there you have it. byebye let's do another one. so close this [ __ ] hey christen matt so close this is a response to. the woman who always keeps your toilet. lit open the [ __ ] with the voice you're crazy and disgusting. and i'm going to. tell you what when you leave. a toilet lid open flush a toilet water. vapor from the toilet gets distributed all around the restroom. um it happens when you flush not when the toilet bowl's still so if you open the toilet and it's still you're not getting alone bacteria. in your face like matt. said doesn't make any sense. the toet has to be flushy so you should always keep a toilet. with closed it's a lot. more sanitary if you're really worried about what you're going to. see when you open it. up then just pre flush the toilet. or you could communicate all. with all the people in your household. that they should be flushing. the toilet anyway mom i'm going to. those people who are worried about um getting germs. on their hand because they have to. touch the liad um if you're going to. the bathroom you should be washing your hands. anyway okay you just got seing pig. wow this guy has gets so mad that. he blacks out he blacks. out and hits his head and wakes up and he's almost died like six times from hitting his head. mh and he and people say you should go. to anger management class and he goes and he literally every single time. says [ __ ] that [ __ ] m except he used to. say [ __ ] that [ __ ] but now he just literally doesn't say anything and he just sits down wherever he is and and the person's like what happened he doesn't he doesn't move he doesn't get up he just stays seated he uh is i pe have we talked about this before what the toilet seat thing yeah he's referring to. a submission because people are sending. me stuff like you got to. close it or whatever. yeah people got really feisty about that one in particular. this is something i don't care. about really i don't care. no what what what what you left. the toilet open and you flushed it what [ __ ] flexs are going to. go on my cheek like no. or maybe and then it's fine. i don't care i don't. care i'm not i don't. flush a toilet and go over the toilet yeah it's kind of hypochondriac to. care about it you can't. if you the second you start caring about that. stuff i'll start thinking about all the other stuff. and it's just yeah it's true. it's too much so out. of your control you can't. see it you can't do anything. with it like whatever keep the toilet. closed i guess i don't or i don't. care i don't care i piss. my pants i [ __ ] my pants oh i i i don't i don't i don't care he doesn't care also that guy's penis is 1.5 ines long hard and soft. and when he sits down. no matter what his penis. goes straight up oh nice yeah i like that. cool gay totally gay i really like that g brooks all. right let's do another one. hey guys russell here in arizona. thank you for everything. you do i'm jump. right into it cool. what is your stance. on urinal conversations oh. oh because i personally have a no conversation. at the urinal policy okay. um i'm a security supervisor. in a building and i was helping a man. who got stuck at the door. his badge wouldn't let him. through so i took his badge and i fixed. it and i got him. through and he was like that was awesome. youat did that really fast thank you. i was said yeah no problem. like five minutes later i went. to take piss and he walks in and he's just a couple. stalls down and he says he i really appreciate what. you did for me. earlier that was that was awesome. i mean jesus and you know. we don't have to. do this we already did. this this once why are we doing this. again and also now's not. the time i'm busy like this. is me time let's reschedule anyways. let me know how you feel it's funny. because anything first of all that's the worst. sh of all time second of all. it's funny because that guy. if i were to. think of a guy that look looks like he likes. to talk to. you at the urinal it would be that. guy i like now make his beard. longer than his hair like that. so much uh i i agree though. if i'm pissing i mean i don't care. if somebody says one thing. to me i don't care either. but if it's more than one and this i don't know if it's weirdly i don't know if this just ever. happened to me but yeah. it's weird i guess i would rather. not it does it. wouldn't bother me though. yeah it's like who cares. one time i was behind a guy. s like he's trying to. grab your [ __ ] pee the guy was peeing. and i was waiting i was a kid. and i was waiting to. pee uh and it it. was it at the dodger. stadium i think oh boy. and um and uh when i say i was a kid. i was like you know i wasn't like five i was like you know. 15 or something and um the guy's peeing. and i i he just turns. around he says could you get in closer. oh my god and i i i wasn't close. which like it was so weird. that he did that i was like i said oh. what and he was like weird. you're close back up and i was like oh okay. and i backed up and then i walked outside and i told dad. oh i was like dad this. happened he says who did that. yeah and i said oh he you know. left whatever and he was like oh man. if i i said what would you have. done if you were in there i said i would have i would have talked. to him i would have said something. say don't don't talk that way. to my son it would have been so awkward. if i you you yeah even closer. don't talk that way to. my son like this um but i i and that that always i always think of that. now because i have kids and i think if somebody did that. to my kids yeah what i would do and i wonder. that's so weird that he would do that. made feel bad yeah of course it. did it made me feel really. bad as a i was just like it's weird. when somebody makes you feel bad like that. also dude chill out oh you know everyone has who knows what the [ __ ] his wife. maybe just divorced him who knows but why. do he have to. dodg g if his wife just divorced. him you know it's like i mean. taking stay home and take taking that. for exactly what it is. you know work it out with your wife. stay home work it out with your wife. don't go to dodger. game imagine being that kind of person turning. around to a kid. and being like could you get closer. yeah damn uh yeah it doesn't matter talking. to your know doesn't matter at all. i'm going to go. even further if you're somebody that doesn't walk by a baby. and go like this yeah. i agree dude bro that's it's crazy. to me when somebody walks walks by. billy and they just go we i'm like are. you not a person they're so cute. dude little babies they're so cute. i walk by them i go hey i've never not. done that yeah you know. up to i don't know. how old six but it's just like yeah. so crazy that people don't do that. i agree i couldn't agree. more you agree in fact. yeah all yeah totally i've been in terrible. moods and and still same same. you know like what are you. what are you doing in life. if not that people are so into. their involved in their own. head dude yeah you know yeah i get it. like one out of 50. people maybe they're having a terrible. day right yeah people are people are i've been really thinking about this. lately people are generally most people are just truly awful. yes that sucks i i didn't want. to think that dude. no it's true dude. i didn't want to. think that i wanted to. be positive you know how like the character. in the movie is like but i believe in good. like every character always believes. in good that's not how it is. no you still believe in good. you don't just you believe in it. but you know it's you know it's not true. that's but there are good. people though there are good people. yes but just because most aren't doesn't mean. that there aren't good. ones the majority swallows. them up though it's like it's such a feeble attempt to. try to make the world. a better place it feels. like sometimes sure yeah yeah oh man i'm an nihilist. well are you not if you're saying you believe in good. no i believe in good. yeah i just i i just think that it's there. it's i'm more of like uh it's like there's no shot you. know yeah people dude get i mean. what like two minutes on the internet. it's like oh god oh bro. all right let's have this. one cheer our i hope this. a good one hey matt. hey chris hey reing jersey here. nice so far so good quick. question so let's say you decide to. like make a new habit. or break a habit. like start working out really hard. or lose a ton of weight. or stop drinking you know stuff. that's like lifechanging do. you post on social media. right when you make the decision. no or do you kind of like hide. out see progress. and then post or do you not. post at all um we're so. like social media. oriented i feel like for me. if i post something i'm worried. that i'm going to. go back on my promise. to myself and look like an idiot when i don't follow. through that makes you want to. follow through but i guess some people think it's motivation. like if they put it out there. then yeah they have to. stick to it what do. you think flip side to. the coin i mean. like i think that you don't. i think that if you're the kind of person. that posts the beginnings of journeys. in the beginning of the journey. you post too much. yeah you know if you want to. post later on like wow i never thought. my fitness journey would this. and that you know. a year later look at this. that's you don't post. too much that's fine. but if you are like you know what i'm gna. pick up reading this is my first book you're you're so somebody i don't it's just annoying. to me yeah i think also you're just because of the nature. of like what social media. is and the kind of person. you probably are if you're inclined. to do that at the very beginning. of the journey you're also not going. to do it not going. to continue to. do it rather you're not supposed. to just post thoughts ex. these are supposed to. be in your head filter them. and i don't mean put a filter on them. when you post them. i mean filter them and decide what to. post and not to. post cuz what's worth it. i don't care that you're reading. uh their eyes were watching god. oh i i would be very interested. in that if somebody was reading. their eyes are watching god. that's just me though. i mean i'm [ __ ] kidding it's so boring it was written. by zoral hen nice dude okay oh okay why'd you say it like that like good job for knowing gonna [ __ ] filet me dude i had to. we had to read read. that we had to. read that in high school. oh really i didn't have to. read that and i go like this. i read i bought it. oh so you read it. i read a few pages. oh and i go like this. guess i'm failing all done. with that book wow that's pretty [ __ ] hardcore. i don't really like and i and i didn't and i didn't read. it and we had tests on. it every week and i just filled it. out and i would just guess wow oh what what did. what did uh the main character. wear when she found the thing at the i go. uh parker it probably wasn't a parker the blue. parker that's even crazier than just not. filling it out you because like dude. it's i'm not going to. read their eyes we watching god. like i you know it's one of those. books that it's about you know a young black woman. and in i don't know. if it's like the south or something. but it's is it about slavery. i actually don't no that's st. but it's a it's it's it's written. like her dialect is written. oh where like yes i'm i'm supposed. to be like and i'm just like oh i dude. huh man this is linat dude. a lot tell me what it's about. a lot of books like that were assigned. to us remember the k. the what chris yeah the k. i [ __ ] love that book yeah dude that's weird i remember you loved that book that was like a fourth grade book was it yeah it was long like way young. read the fountain head is it. the only book you ever read. no i read the client. i read the client. i read fountain head and i read uh some of congo. and then i read an autobiography by john. cabetes thank you very much. and the l cool. j book the l cool. j book what book is that there's an l. cool j book i forget but i i read. it what do you mean. for sure you know he wrote it. yeah who wrote it he wrote. it what by james james. todd smith go [ __ ] yourself is there it is right. there no no no the the the the i make my own. rules by l j and of course that's the t. there you go and he does he's [ __ ] so much platinum. he goes platinum all the time. you you read this. bro look at the pick on. the back dude i why did you read this. what is wrong with you. i don't know i read. the whole thing what is it. called i make my own rules. wa just like chapter one. i killed three people i the law. doesn't apply to me. my own rule dude i i remember this. is parental advisory cuz when you open. the book it says the nword. dude the the uh i got the the not the i got the clean. version i open it. up i goes logan um but this dude. it is i love elj okay. okay i've met him he's great. dude i love i love elj. okay is that why you read. it like you knew him. no no no i've read it. when i was 12. i met him at [ __ ] when i shot the uh what is the explain. more about why you read. this that is non i i i can't wow. i i i love hiphop so i think i read l. kj's book because of that it's got four. and a half stars so look. uh i know i was like 15. probably when i read it. it's probably right the time. a guy told me. to back up when but um that that book. i read and um he told you to. back up because you weren't. paying attention you were reading. the book yeah yeah yeah yeah back up. i i look at him. i go i make my own. rules um and so so what do. you make your own rules. back up oh i get it. he see me reading the book. so um i close it zan and so i mean. so many call backs joke. bot 3,000 so keep going. you know okay i get it. i get it so i read this. book and what was i going. to say i love l. cool j and then i was going. to say i don't remember and that's okay. i forget but i was going. to say something and i went into. like nine different jokes. and i forgot i know. you [ __ ] it up dude i didn't know what you were going to. say too i i read. it and i can't remember say something. else then make it up. so my brain feels better. l cool j is so nice and he was so nice when i shot the um what is that. thing called lip sync. battle oh yeah yeah he so cool i love elo co j. and he's so what the [ __ ] was i gonna say he's just a big famous. guy dude he sure is h. metaphor metaphorical freaks i'm. a a metaphorical metaphorical freak. freaks why can't i say it. wow [ __ ] whatever so much anyway let's do another one but yeah he's uh yeah l's the [ __ ] actually and i i've read. some other books too but nice hey. guys calling from tel aviv okay. i have an issue that. i've been annoyed by. for like ever since i can remember it's with dealing. with men talking to. guys okay if i'm even the slightest bit. friendly and nice they just automatically think that i want. them time i don't okay. and i the single man. okay so i find myself forever. always having to. like tone it down. be less friendly because i don't want them. to think that i want them. and it gets awkward. and it's so tiring and so i don't know is there. something i want a male perspective. is there something a girl. can do that like signals. to you she's not into. you but like she still wants to. talk to you and enjoy the friendly. relationship i don't want to. come off as a [ __ ] and i don't want to. have to like always tone it. down but it just gets tiring. yeah i bet it does. uh any advice must this. is great it's i think that this. is probably one of the i'm not a woman. obviously this got to. be one of the most annoying. things to deal with. as a woman it's like it. has to but but here's the thing. and generally speaking no there's nothing you can do yeah. because biologically men need to. think that you want them. because that's what helps us. procreate and make more humans it's a biological. thing where it's like yo. i think she wanted. me it's like dude one time. i was at a strip. club this was god 20. plus years ago and my friend. was like oh the stripper really likes. me and i was like oh no. you know it's not how life works. that's not it's true. and he's like yeah i know um she's going. to give me her number and i was like okay. and then so he said let's go. wait outside when it close. and it'll give come out and give me their number. and i was like oh boy. okay and then so we were outside. uh waiting and i was like yo bro. she's not going to. come out you know. and he was like dude. i'll never forget this he was like trust. me dude i i know when people are like bullshitting. or not i'm not an idiot i know that. she's going to come out. and give me her number wow. and she and he's still waiting. yeah he's still there later. you need to. have that as a guy. you know but like come on can be more. discerning yes of course yes yes yes but who's that it's hard it's hard for it's also hard for guys to. put themselves out there. so like you know they're going to. do it when they think they should and they don't all have good. you know radar on that. and she's saying every time she's nice to. a guy they think it yeah i i don't i don't doubt. that at all i don't doubt. it at all yeah but like that must be so [ __ ] tedious because then the flip side. is but if she's just like hey how's it. going oh my god it's so nice to. meet you you tone it. down you tone it. down and then you're an [ __ ] and the guy's like what a [ __ ] [ __ ] that sucks it is weird though. because like it's your time you don't owe. them anything like i mean i get this. sometimes as like people come up to. me and they're like hey oh my god you know whatever. they say something about my my standup. or or the podcast or something. and um i know that if i say oh thanks. so much that's so cool and and advance. the conversation i'm going. to be here for a while. and if i just say oh really appreciate it. thank you so much. of course and but i run the risk. of people being like i wasn't that. nice but it's not that. i'm not that nice it's just that. dude i i have people do that. like not to be a dick. but people do that if i go out. all day it'll happen. a bunch of times and if i'm with my kids. or with you know what i mean. like so so in know a woman. is always dealing with that. yes famous or not so oh man. and i've been in a lot of great. [ __ ] god it's weird that tv podcasts it's weird. that i've been alive so long. and i've never actually thought this exact. thing oh wow not this. exact i think about it. all the time that exact. thing not specifically i've thought about how they if they seem nice. guys take of course you thought about that. but the other side of it. it's like the lane they have to. be in sounds [ __ ] miserable but that's why. f that's why women are always like [ __ ] men yeah of course yeah yeah you know and it's like it's it's like this weird thing that it's like we're we're different it's not even necessarily the guy's fault. i mean in in certain cases it. is but like you know. you know and in certain cases if a woman's. a [ __ ] then you shouldn't be but like they get that way because of that and men get that way because of that and so it's like it's a really weird weird. balance of like this. tricky line to to walk it's interesting. though if you think about it. from guys perspective though because like how many times has a woman. been nice to a guy. in his life so many times how many times has it. been borne out that like she's into. him yeah i know not that. many right no i know yeah. it's just weird that automatically guys think that yeah. i probably do too i'm. i i can't really put myself i don't think you. if you're not that way there's something deeply. like wrong with you in your like your your your childhood. or something happened to. you you're like oh no. she doesn't like me i'm a piece. of [ __ ] you know like you just that you know so interesting you're just oh she was nice to. me oh d she's hot. she likes to. me oh she probably wants. me because you want her to. want you sure yeah wow damn fans. in tel aviv though. that's cool yeah shout out to. tel aviv we got to. go out to. tel aviv and tour she. was nice i think she likes me. uh damn dude yeah i don't know dude. there's no solution to. that i've thought about this. so much exactly what she's saying. and i i there's there's i don't think there's anything you can do damn. you know and i have a phd and human. psyche he has a phd in human. psyche and he still doesn't know people okay. i have a play hating. degree in human psyche phd. one of the coolest. one of the coolest. things ever said was a phd is a play. hating degree what is that from what i just said well i mean i don't know who coined it but rapid forte said it but i don't know who coined it it's probably him that i'm thinking of or it could be drew down but drew down n dude i heard that song somebody was driving by with that song on when recently the past month and i go no way feel me what was it that 80s rappers so many of them were just like i want dude what the [ __ ] was that dude he was the absolut a children's show best you put the a before the b and then the c dude drew down your and you hear what your ears what song is there five different ses if you don't count telepathy he's dying is no has this ex sense. just like is this scooby. dizu god dude i love zoinks pimp. of the year the album. zoinks scoobydoo like this. shaggy like this on the thing. dude yeah pimp of the year. pimp of the that and the guitar. bit the bass oh dude. forget i haven't heard that. song in so long i bet. i still know every single word. i haven't heard that song. so long except for last i drove by last. said it that recently. a month within a month. wow i go whoa and the car. was dude banging it was like something. like an oldsmobile or a cadillac. and it had big rims. on it so it might have been drew down. honestly wow dude imagine what. is drew down doing now. is drew still alive i look. this so what is drew down. doing now number one i looked up. um dj quick it's same. kind of guy but dj quick. was a really successful. producer and all that look at look. at drew down dude. but so same era right and so i looked up d uh and and dj only 52 dude. that is crazy how is that even. possible we could be homies. remember s cell wow. he had some good [ __ ] cali music dude. did you see the thing. richie rich where he breaks. his knee what where he pops his. knee did i send it. to you guys i don't know. what that is a [ __ ] who did i send it to. hold up i gotta find. this because it's so funny. it sounds [ __ ] up why don't we save it for luxury. yeah we will we'll save it. for luxury but i got to. find who i sent it. to cuz man it was funny. we we'll do it for luxury. so sign it for there. it is i got it i'll send it. to you guys here it. here i'll send it to. you guys so we can play. it on luxury um dude. he pops his knee and still keeps rapping. and it's it's hilarious. his he's richie rich is like he's like 55 but what do you mean. pops he's like on this. stage in circling he goes. oh and he fall down. and he keeps rapping dude. wow wow wow we watch on luxury. it's so funny dude. wow these old rappers man. i always wondered what it. was going to be like when they got older. yeah i did too down. is not nearly as old. as i thought he should be i'm his exactly. yeah he's your age but like i i i i i don't. that's dude he has so much life. left to live that's wild. that's the craziest thing i would have thought he's at least. 60 oh oh oh yeah but those rappers got so what was he 12. when those rappers got yeah not the pimp. of the year you know. the pimp 14 in third. grade can you feel me. i got my legos in the hand. stacking up making a cabin i got the yellow windows [music]. s inside i h. my tooth on a rock. at the [laughter] end wow. man is on so it's just like uh yeah dude. that's crazy i did a poop uh just so young. three pimp of the year. three years old. yo what's up what's up. baby um yo ma what's up. come over [music] here. you know ridiculous busted a nut. yo where my applesauce. at um all right so hell yeah. y'all want some applesauce. [ __ ] you know chris and me love the podcast. just going to. jump right into it. so roughly about like three months. ago i noticed i was having little like heart. flutters heart palpitations went to. go see a cardiologist uh that had been doing it. for like 40 years that cardiologist basically. told me i should stop working. out and never lift anything heavier than body. weight also more recently went to. general a general practitioner and they basically told me that was nonsense. and i can continue to. work out so this question. is geared more towards chris um just curious. if like a doctors two different doctors told you contradictory things. would you still work out. or would you stop yeah and side. note um matt don't kill me. on this but anytime i see you for some reason. you remind me of like a love. child between the leate singer. of hos and uh peewee. herman sorry kill me. on that and lastly how [ __ ] is it for like any grown adult. and you know to. get onor off a pool floaty. all right love you guys. yeah that's oh yeah i mean. so [ __ ] that might have been how when we made up [ __ ] isn't that guy really handsome hoser guy yeah he is goodlooking do not mention that guy's eyes. i get it they were still blue. but you mentioned too many. guys eyes i was going. to but i but i i this. is how much i respect. you and what you say. was going to mention something. about his eyes right. when he came up mhm and i thought chris isn't going. to like that so i won't i'm in your head. you're not in my head. he's okay look i respect. you and hon your wishes. yeah thank you all it takes. is for a guy to. be tall and he's he's kind of cool. you know that sucks for for short. guys is that true. i guess that's true. um so all right so listen. uh i i think that bro. you can't the second you stop moving. and stop doing what you do. do i'm not i'm not like going. to go so far and be like life's. not worth living but like your body. starts to give up. that's that's the that's the beginning. of giving up i i don't think you. stop moving you i don't know if you know it's not you don't need to. be a powerlifter i mean i understand. if it's like you know don't don't kill. yourself right like literally but like yeah just go do do what go. for hikes go for you know that's so i don't i don't i don't i don't think you stop moving. bro that that that's that's you. know that's not good you go. keep going to. the gym you could you could. you could throw some weight. around you know how frustrating would that. be to get those two. separate diagnoses like what well. yeah i've heard that before. though the the first one like you can't do stuff. like you know just period. yeah your heart can't take it yeah. yeah i've heard that thing from people. before jesus ag so yeah mh young that's what i would be so paranoid. if a doctor told me that to. ever pick up like yeah. same but i wouldn't stop i wouldn't stop i would keep going. dude what if both doctors said that. i'd go to another one. you would just go to. one until one said that's [ __ ] see told you right. no no no i would i would i would go to. at least three if two said cuz i just would be like that's you. know if they were if they really showed me. proof and like medical history of other. people doing this and then i would you know. i would have to. you know then i might have to. listen but like life the second you stop moving. though that's when your body starts. to break down yeah that's not good. for like dude remember you know have that frozen. shoulder it's doing much better because i keep moving. it's doing better huh. much better see remember i wouldn't i wasn't able. to do that i don't remember. that shout out to. anthony rivers who helped me. out i remember you were in tons of pain. who's anthony rivers he's my my physical. therapist oh he works. with the lakers and me i'm an athlete. he works with the lakers. yeah okay i can lebron james. me lebron james james worthy lebron james. luke walt whoever else is on. it and then me ni. um shaquille o' yeah. who's the person that used to. say chck gil i i exaggerated but d ch. gil o'neal he would also say sean kemp. john kemp is the most entertaining player. in the nba i used. to get so mad. chris used to. come into my room. i was going to. bed i was like in what grade. like sixth grade maybe fifth grade. sixth grade he would. come into my room. when i was trying. to sleep mh and he would literally just do impressions of everyone on his basketball. team in high school yep. and they were all probably so [ __ ] mad [ __ ] you would die. laughing would laughing but i was so mad. yes and that only made me laugh. more i was like get out. of my [ __ ] room be like you would die. laughing and that was like for like that. was like that really probably. helped me in becoming a standup. comedian because i'm like i would imagine yeah. cuz i'm like i'm just i was just doing. bits i was like interviewing the baseball. the basketball team and i would like be like oh let's go. to whoever and then i'. be like i do him. and i do his impression and you'd laugh. and i' be like what do you think yad y. and then i do him. and i like yeah and now i now i do those bits. for 25 minutes on stage. and it's and it's all because of you so if you hate my bits. it's because of matt derkie blair blair. scher scher robert cm robert seom dude who i still talk. to do you really yeah. wow i love robert okay well um dam damn dude. should we do one more or that's it. you have one yeah what's up. madden chris uh my name is nate a long time. fan what's up nate. um my question is about with compliments. i am not great at. receiving compliments got you. there yeah i do video. production and video editing and a lot. of people come up to. me um and they're like oh yeah i saw your project. um good job like i was really impressed. like oh my god that was so good or even some professional. people have contacted me. and let me know that my stuff. has been good um and i don't know. like for me it's just like it's words. it's like it doesn't mean. anything to me um and sometimes. i feel like a dick. about it it's like part. of it part of it it's like i think i'm just my biggest critic. so like what i think is going. to weigh more than what. other people think but at the same. time i feel like you know. compliment should mean something so um you know am i being a dick. about it uh is should i be more. appreciative of compliments um. or is it something that's just going. to come with age. like i'm 19 so you're 19. um could it just be like that. um you know any advice. help thanks guys looks 35. 19 huh dude good for you he's never had a problem breathing. too that is unbelievable. how well he could breathe. no doubt why look at his nostrils they're awesome. they're beautiful the opposite. of me i mean that's just amazing. um i think that compliment. i think the right way to. think about a compliment. is the per especially if you're like this. cuz i'm like this too i i'm not good. at receiving compliments but. it's good to. remember that it's about the person. giving the compliment. if you or rather if you think about it. that way you will react. better because it's almost like if you think about it. this way your response. becomes more about letting that person. know you appreciate them. yeah cuz it's sucks. when you when you don't exactly. and and also uh but also allow. yourself to take it. sure that sucks that does come. with age though i'm talking about. in the here and now here and now you know. it's not at all what is it. it's by somebody like uh luth of andros. or something oh okay. um yeah just like respond. in kind to the person. that giv you yeah you don't want yeah i i i it's tough when you give someone a compliment. and they're like yeah cool. yeah you don't want that. like oh yeah just dick. yeah you don't want that. and and it is nice. and they are doing that to. be nice because they do like your stuff. yeah yeah you don't you don't need to. be giving people in the world. more reasons to. not like us there's so many reasons to. not like us all of us. so you don't need to. help anybody out just be like oh thanks. it's all you need to. do yeah oh thanks. so much you don't need to. you don't need to. actually be affected by it. be like the guy who he was peeing. next to and the thing. was like you know i was thinking about the thing. you just did man. it really made me feel good. thank you very much it. was really a lot of help. the laminate thing you know. what i'm talking about the laminate. the whatever the the card thing that he was trying. to get in remember the one. caller that called in five. ago that he was like yeah. i'm the security guy yeah. and he talked to him. pee so find out. where the guy pee and go. say hi yeah for sure. um yeah so that's it. that's nice you you say. nice things just be like thanks. yeah look him in the eyes. you know because you're just like yo. thanks you're a dick. think about it like also he the guy's a nice. guy you can tell yeah for sure. well that's why he cares. more about him yeah yeah yeah yeah if he didn't care. he wouldn't be calling in wondering if he's dick. or not you know ah yeah okay but i get it. i'm bad at receiving compliments. too not me anymore. and trust me i get him. all the time give me. a compliment this how i react. hey your hair is looking. really good finally finally someone noticed it's been four. minutes w again. go ahead do it again. say hey your hair's looking. really good today again. dude if i had a i honestly if i had a dime. for every time i heard that i would have probably 60. bucks today um anyway all right. cool so that's it. god i hate that expression. if i had a ni yeah yeah. you wouldn't be you would have very little money. you'd have 10 cents uh i'll be in toronto. i'll be in bismar. i'll be in bowman i'll be. in uh alabama and i'll be a bunch of different. areas uh go to. chris dot com to. get tickets uh and mallen texas. is coming up um mobile montgomery. uh wi you talk oh no. i'm already doing doing that i did. that yesterday thank you very. much elvis thanks everybody. we love you subscribe. to lifeline luxury patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. thank you hello hello. hello hello hello hello hello 