 foreign hey guys we have something really important. to announce before we even. get into the show. and that is the live show. that we're going to. be doing the lifeline live show. and it is on october 19th 6. p.m pacific and why is it october 19th it's my birthday. it's his birthday show uh we previously. we previously announced that we were going. to do a live show. on moment but we realized we're going. to do it our way. that's not happening but this is october 19th watch. lifeline dot com that's the website. the live show is us. taking live callers the show. will be will be available to. watch after it's over so there. is that but join us. live buy a ticket join. the discord we're doing calls uh all through. the discord so that's how you do that. and uh it's gonna be awesome. i mean we wanted to. do this for a while now because a lot of times we have. more questions for you with the videos. that come in but we can ask you. we want to. get into it. yeah because the videos are just the videos. but this is a live call. so this is gonna be great. interactive back and forth can't wait to. interact with you guys uh all. the links are available on the website. watch lifeline dot com so don't be all like where do i get it. tickets are on sale now 15. and guess what the price. is going up closer. to the event so get it. now dude get involved call. us talk to. us and uh we'll chill. october 19th my birthday i'm so young. lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional [music] hello. hello hello hello hello [music] recording all around. gordon all around that's a dildo um recording. all around with my dildo. already crash i did it. though sorry oh no. well i said the dildo. thing first yeah but you set. me up and i knocked it. on down knocked it on down. you know it's like the home. run derby you saw so russian. is like home run derby. what's up with the orange. shirt i like it what's up. with it is it new world. it's old but it's old but it's new to. me uh pretty good in montreal. oh really yeah that's a very french thing. to buy actually yeah uh this. amazing story i wish i remember the name of vintage. though but they had a bunch of older. wrangler shirts and i love the wrangler. is that a wrangler. shirt this is a wrangler. shirt oh cool i got a red wrangler. shirt i got a blue. wrangler shirt i got a a purple. wrangler shirt and i got a magenta wrangler. the worst story i've ever heard in my life. the way you told it. to a children's [ __ ] youtube. show a children's book. um i'm gonna take my pure spectrum. gummies right here oh yeah uh yeah my son just fell in the background. so i'm gonna take a pure spectrum. gummy and you can go to. show notes down there if you're a um if you're a uh a guy who enjoys cbd. all business and if it helps just all biz. today just go down i talked. about your shirt just go. down to the show. notes and you can click on it. and then type in um lifeline and get the 10. off look at the ten. percent off no but your tone was really well i don't know see what's up dude well uh you know what about you know what's up i had my first full day of advice sessions yesterday. yeah and i was cooking. with gas it was just boom. boom boom boom one after another i was in the zone. i was [ __ ] i was [ __ ] kid i was [ __ ] killing. it dude and everybody. was cool some serious stuff some less. serious stuff but you know what i love. everybody who did it well. come to me. with some seriously secret. stuff close to. their heart you know what i mean. that they don't tell anybody. else matalia dot com. get your appointment do. it up do you like do you love. everyone so far i don't know i mean. in general no no you're not one. of those guys i'm one. of those people that hates everybody. until i meet them and then i'm like oh i like that. person interesting but that's like kind of just true. in general like you get two sides of people on two into. like an award and they hate each other. but then they meet face to. face and then they like actually we're actually people right. yeah exactly yeah that's you yeah. whenever you're like somewhere yeah i'm like oh wow. this guy's actually a person a guy who's like in front of me. in line who i'm like [ __ ] i'm like looking at the back. of his ears and i'm like i hate his [ __ ] ears oh something like that yeah and then like i meet the guys i don't even think about his ears my uh i've had things where i don't like somebody and then for and i know them and then i don't like them and we don't talk for years. and then we have a conversation. and i'm like oh yeah they're just a person. yeah and that's that's but why. do you not like them. in the first place or something. yeah you got beef i have had beef. and now i have a beef a busy bone. you know do you oh yeah. yeah he clapped he clapped at me. and i would say clap. back but i did not clap. at him at first we i actually was a witness yeah. you were a witness of this. to this he came to. the comedy store yeah i mean. i fully remember it because he was so wacky yeah. i use the word wacky because it was just a wacky thing. that he did it was wacky and he and he came up. and he was just i brought him. to my [ __ ] interruption and he kept saying over and over again. and over and over it. was crazy he was interrupting. himself to say pardon the [ __ ] he was. and at least 15. times i know it was so crazy. and i know he's busy bone. but in that situation he was crazy. bone and it was so much. and then he clapped at me. on his why did he what. happened he was like back. up like what did i talk. about this on my podcast. i break down the whole thing. on congratulations subscribe by the way. to super cult studios yeah yeah um we really. appreciate it and hit that. bell notification and all that [ __ ] you know talking so fast on cooking um and so and so he yeah he came up and interrupted at the comedy. store and then i i talked about that on my podcast. a long time ago. by the way this also that was yes it was a decade. ago it might not you might not even. have had your podcast yet. in fact you probably didn't yeah. i mean it was so long. i don't know but and then so he he did. that thing that i talked about on my podcast. and then the i mean this was a while ago. right bro and then he just recently. i don't know if it's a podcast. or what but he's been like streaming. on youtube or he's just like and he and he was like so i'm gonna talk. to you about chris the [ __ ] yeah i'm not gonna say his name and um and he talked [ __ ] about me and he was like why not you at my show i'm in the zone i can't be giving you and i'm like this is not even the [ __ ] story i told also it wasn't his show it was your show that's what i'm saying you know why he came up in the first place no he came up see faison yeah yeah because he was a fan of faison he's a fan you were talking to. faison i know it's like a phase on love. yeah he comes up and the reason. he's saying pardon the [ __ ] in the rush is because he interrupted you in faison. yes i know that yeah. i mean i didn't know if you knew that. no i knew that okay. but i don't know why. he didn't why he thought that. i was at his show. after hearing my story that legitimately says everything. that happened oh cause he's crazy. bomb he's busy being crazy. busy being crazy bone yeah i mean. that was i didn't even understand. one of you sent me. the link yeah and i was like what. did something else happen no. but yeah because it was so obviously but i don't i don't even. want to clap back. and i'm not clapping back. i'm just like dude you just have it. wrong and it's fine. and i know that he's like he's gonna clap. back again dude and i'm not even clapping he's clapping i'm not even clapping he's tremendously wrong whatever that's not even close. to right it wasn't it. wasn't his show. now i know i hope his streams. go well i walked up off the street. he had a walkman a cd. player walking on in the 2000s. for that you're right i do remember that. this was not 1989. wow. because he was getting he was lifting. the bone thugs dude maybe yeah but i whatever. was he had a portable. cd player and headphones like it. was 1993 and he kept saying part. of the [ __ ] interruption right. i know so you guys know what happened. and we could probably get phase. on left to back. it up he doesn't remember he was high. as [ __ ] no doubt but also yeah but whatever it was only memorable. to me because i was like oh my god i [ __ ] love him i know me too dude. yeah for sure and i'm gonna miss everybody. yeah yeah so anyway dude. that's the whole beef thing. you can subscribe to. the [ __ ] you get more stories about busy bone. and also plenty more but subscribe. to super cult studios and um and that's it. and and that that you know. i don't know but it's been so [ __ ] hot. in l.a and i'm happy that. today is kind of like the most. cool and ass day it's a cool. ass day it's the most cooling. day yeah for sure that's happened. so i'm happy about that. um it was it was it was bad. it was kind of bad. if you walk outside and you're just like your anger. is just you're incorrect. tipping i mean you're angry. it's at the tipping. point you're angry at some guy's ears. so yeah immediately the tipping. point of anger hello i'm matt at denzel washington movie in 1999. this is immediate the tipping. point of anger is where i'm at a gene hackman. movie the tipping point. of anger so so clunky. and so long and he plays a [ __ ] summary general you know i mean explaining crimson tide yeah denzel washington then yeah there we go see he gets his jokes from somewhere babies all right dude well i'm gonna be in stockton and oakland california and hollywood california and oxnard and all that [ __ ] go to. chrysalia dot com uh for tickets. i'm gonna be in raleigh i'm going. to be in boston a plethora of places. and albany so go. to chrisley dot com. to get tickets and uh check out. my tour vlogs all right. let's do it you want. to get in yeah so much looks like barney's gonna unplug. the camera but it's all good. it's all good there's a dog. standing barney and he's kind of. frozen and he's gonna do something here we go. okay it's all good what's up. you guys what's up big fan. of the show nice i got a quick. question for you um about a year ago. i got into an argument. with my girlfriend's best friend's. husband okay and uh it was over. the red hot chili peppers. and i made some comments about how i didn't like them. and he took really personal. offense to it okay. i kind of spiraled out of control. and i was trying. to make light of the situation. but um anyways he got really. offended and uh made some comments that ended up my girlfriend and i stormed out come on whoa. um long story short i haven't talked to. him in about a year. we've got a wedding coming. up that we're uh gonna see him. at and i'm not sure how to. actually approach the situation or say. hi or you know what i should do. so if you got some advice let me. know i got it i got it. i got it 100 i. know i got it i got the number one. thing but first just be real quick. okay was that me because i would have reacted that. way too if he said i don't like the red. hot chili peppers i would have eviscerated him. as a person on earth. i would have torn to. shreds his appearance wow. i would have turner shreds his past. history uh but go ahead you you uh i have the answer. go to the wedding. look you don't wanna you don't. want to [ __ ] you don't want to. live with this [ __ ] it's so annoying also who gives a [ __ ] who likes the red hot. chili peppers or not if you don't like the red hot. chili peppers fine you know. he does obviously and he's very passionate. about it now that's so [ __ ] dorky that he would let he would be so angry. that you said you didn't like that. red hot chili peppers i don't know. what your side of the street. in all of this is but i will say this. at the wedding you don't want to. you don't want to. [ __ ] you don't want it to. be weird you're gonna end. up seeing them again. so just squash them even this. is how you squash it. you have dinner all this [ __ ] you go up. to the band or the dj. or whatever and you say play. under the bridge yeah okay. is this what you're gonna. say but i was gonna say different. you do your version i'll do play. under the bridge and then when it happens. you guys will 100 make eye. contact and when you do it will. be one of the most beautiful. things you walk out to. the middle of the dance floor. and you go like this. and you wait for him. and while he walks up. to you just i don't ever. want to feel like i did. that day it's very very very symbolic. right yeah take me. to the place alone. yeah that's good i like mine. one i like mine similar. okay you walk up to. him right away first. time you see him yep. and he just start doing it. sometimes i feel like i don't have a partner. eye contact yeah sometimes i feel like my only friend you're getting closer yeah is this guy in front of me you make up the lyrics right and then you're talking about him and then you're getting closer. and you give him a hug. he will not ever it will. all crumble his okay well so we have very similar. is more personalized but mine. is more it is nice. because like he set it. up he said you know. what dude i want the the [ __ ] guy to. put red hot chili peppers. on this [ __ ] or you can just go you know play the other one what i got i gotta give up put it in yeah and then just have a [ __ ] a badass time and look at the dude. and start dancing and give it away. you know um but yeah you don't want to. have that sex magic a sex. magic i know two songs from them. and it's the ones i sang oh. um and so yeah does. that give it away. that you were trying. to do yeah give it away. give it away it was that and it was obvious. because i did it. good i couldn't tell because you didn't do. it that good you couldn't tell because you don't know. music but i do no i know if dude that's what he says yeah. but you didn't have the right. rhythm i did dude i thought you were mixing. up two different songs. no and so i mean so hard. so easy to not mess. that up dude give it away. give it away give it away. now what i gotta gotta get it. put it in you you didn't say. give it away you didn't say. that because i did the [ __ ] nice like the nice part that like we that like you'd know like i didn't want to. do the obvious one. if i just did give it away. give it away give away. now that's hockey [ __ ] but i wouldn't have asked was. that give it away. because you did it back. because you're not on the level. give me the orange one. what i'm saying it give it a marriage. you won't give an orange. we'll give an orange. one so um yeah dude. i'm telling you dude. uh you don't want to. do that squash the beef. at least do it for your girl. and your and her best. friend so just [ __ ] tell him to. play under the bridge. and you will make eye. contact if you don't you walk up to. him and you make eye. contact with him and then you grab his hand. you walk him to. the dance floor and then you do a slow. dance with him i mean. you don't have to. get too close right. i mean yours is more spectacle. mine's more person to. person so it's up. to you if you're more. of like you like to. make a show out of it. do what he said yeah. if you're more like a oneonone kind of guy. you do what i did. i think i'll appreciate the spectacle of it. but anyway yeah maybe yeah okay cool. next one hey matt hey chris i adore. you guys to pieces. so my question is my husband has an idea for a documentary. and i need to. know if it's absolute trash. or if you love the idea so essentially it's the rise. and fall of brendan fraser. oh the catalyst being his absurd. clap at the golden globes. i mean is that why should i tell him. that he's an insane person. or is this a lowkey genius. idea let me know. no that well he's a crazy. person for sure but if there's a documentary i would watch it's that one yeah but you'd have to. it can't be about the [ __ ] no but you could center it. around the it's what he goes like yeah. yeah oh wow we bought it. at the same time you know. the [ __ ] uh yeah remember that when it went to. the the uh gwen stefani. song yeah that's what i was just gonna say you gotta divide back. uh i mean i love that. i've watched that at least 50. times how about the standing ovation. that i got for 15. minutes it's everyone loves that. he's fat a fat guy. now he's been fat for a few. years but he keeps getting fatter. and fatter and every time. he shows up everyone's like oh my god brendan fraser's. so fat now and of course i mean. i wanted to do it. but don't know beat me. to it because whatever. he's obviously a huge filmmaker. um uh the resurgence of brendan fisher as a fat man. he's in a movie called. the whale and he has a fat suit. on look at this fat. people are mad oh yeah. that that they didn't aaron. aussie didn't cast an actual 600. pound person but brennan figures fat. as [ __ ] he's already fat what 600. pound actors are there they don't exist. yeah exactly which is why. it's absurd can we get to. the audition right you find. a 600 pound person. you put them through acting school. and [ __ ] yeah they they [ __ ] die. in the middle of shooting yeah. i mean it's just so unhealthy. you can't actually get someone. who's 600 pounds to. show up on set yeah. well of course they're mad. dude yeah um but that's a loot. that is the most ludicrous version of it. i've ever heard oh really i mean. there's so many 600. pounds okay fine that. can move okay yeah true. okay a 12hour shooting day. that's yeah that was like a tyrannical director like darnovsky. they die yeah that's what i'm saying. and action he just goes the roast beef. sandwich on the side of their face so dick. all right so i think that uh don't do that. documentary maybe i mean didn't he he. left hollywood because he got like assaulted. or something i can't. really remember that's not why but he when me. too happened he came forward. with the story of his own. he got like uh i think like disgustingly groped or something. by some executive at some i don't know. i actually don't know who it. was i don't think he even said but he talked about like the trauma. of it and how it like messed up. his mind for a while wow so he stopped working and and now he got a 15. minute dude if i was i mean. he stopped working because he was in monkey bone. let's get that straight he didn't wow. i don't even know what that. is because he got groped he stopped working because he was in eight. movies like monkey bone yeah. okay cool okay and yeah and george. of the jungle and every other day. did that fail george of the jungle. it wasn't the worst. of a monkey bone was. like it made 28. bucks because just his i don't even know what the [ __ ] monkey just because mrs. frazier went to see it can't. stop doing movies about animals. you know he can't stop doing movies. where there's like a little bit. of it is also animation that's his thing. but the whale dude. i mean i'd legit love. brenda fisher i'm so happy he's in another movie especially an arnazi movie i want to. see it you're too late. though he's already made his comeback. i don't think it's i think i wanted. to document through his comeback. starting with the clap. oh oh oh through his comeback. oh so so like it was a fateful. day and he just it was. a faithful [ __ ] in gray. and then yeah right yeah it. was a fateful dead yes she did she said. this is about his fall. right rise and fall she said rise. and fall oh oh from the beginning. yeah to the clap. that's even worse it needs. to be your clap. needs to either be the turning. point or the beginning. yeah yes yeah and then just [ __ ] it like this. yeah dude so bad yeah. dude your boyfriend is. or your husband's bullshitting. or he's crazy he's crazy. and that's a terrible. idea look these two things. can be true at the same. time it's a terrible. idea for a documentary. but i want to. see it yeah true. okay yeah i mean i've seen plenty of those. documents don't make it be. wasted time we'll lose a ton. of money lose a ton. of years of your life. but but i will watch it. i'll be first in line. to watch it all right. cool yeah tell him. he's crazy next one. hey what's up matt and chris. um yeah uh lifeline um first of all submission. videos are weird i'm suddenly doing hand. gestures and saying things and doing things. with my body that i've never done. in my whole life oh [ __ ] so she brings out a whole. new side of me. um i wrote in a couple. months ago norma jean from southern. oregon i was asking about a breakup. and you guys gave great. advice i am feeling a lot. better and for real for real. that advice my life is now. pimp and pimpin oh before we go. i have another question i post. things on my instagram like a normal. person like in my story and i find it. so incredibly strange when someone. brings up things that i post. on instagram in real life. what are you doing why. are you doing this. to me why the [ __ ] would you bring up. what i posted on my instagram. story that's weird as [ __ ] good good. is that just me no. is there like a is there. a rule yeah i think there. should be a rule there. is advice dude that is so something. that is for me it. happens every day yeah yeah right yeah hey how's the thing that you did. with the thing on it. you know on instagram i'm just it's it's it. for some reason it's uncomfortable. do you even my thing. is if people do to. me i don't even remember a story often yeah. he's like i forget about. it five seconds after i posted. it yeah if you bring that. up the next day i'm like what. are you talking about you say that. to me hey i i go. like this i i keep it. on the internet do it. right just that is weird. for some reason people i think actually people feel that. more people feel what you're saying. i think more people feel what you're saying. than what than you know. but i think that when they see you that's what they bring up. and they don't even realize that. they're doing it that's what i think that's complicated. i think people are just have no. sense of what's good. to bring up and what's not. good that's kind of yeah. they're just bringing it up. it's like you have red shoes. and they're like nice shoes. yeah they're like they're just red bro. yeah yeah it is like that. yeah yeah yeah um yeah so that. is i i don't like that. either dude and i i think about it. sometimes and i don't know. why i don't like it. because it's like in a way. it's like you're you're sitting and you're doing. your personal [ __ ] you're at home and in a way you're you're giving people a glimpse into. your life but it's a bit. of a voyeuristic thing. so when you get confronted. with it like oh you're on the couch. watching [ __ ] reruns of you know what i mean family. matters and you're like oh yeah well you do too dude. yeah yeah you know. you i want to. get defensive about it it's also like i mean it's not similar. to this but it's along. the lines of like if you were in uh a movie yeah. and someone's like oh what about. that role you played in that. movie it's like uhhuh it's over. and it's out there like now. but what do you want. me to say about it. what do you i don't understand. what you're saying though why why. is that like that because if someone comes up. to you right and it's like what about that. thing you were in it's also annoying. like it's just people don't do that. because they know that. that's [ __ ] annoying so then well so then what's the thing thing. that people should be saying to. you when they see you nothing. about that and what should they be. saying like how are you how you've been but anything. it's more about what she should be. saying and what she should be saying is i don't want to. talk about that yeah let me let me stop you right. there i don't want to. talk about that but that's so people think that's rude i mean. yeah you got to. just be you i guess. or just act like they didn't say. it sometimes i do that. sometimes i do that and like it sounds rude. but if it seems like you didn't even. hear them it you can. play it like it never happened. and then the person will realize oh he's doing me. a favor that wasn't going. to be good for him. to talk about you know what i'm saying. okay sure it's like people pick. up on this wow. and then if they do it again. then they're out of your life. for good never see them. never see them again. if they do it again. straight up yeah yeah about social situations. um i'll cut that paul part. of social security i'll cut that. like okay you know what you're taking. me speaking of pol pot just kidding just kidding. all right here we go. hey man chris has a bunny from buxton maine. huge fan of lifeline. you guys are the best the advice. is too funny it's too. perfect yeah keep it coming. my question is a little bit crazy. it's about my dad. who is also crazy. and he is super into. this holistic healing oh it's called. body code please don't endorse it. or ever [ __ ] tell anybody to. look into it because it's the dumbest. thing i've ever seen code. and what basically he thinks that he is. some sort of super power healer. you can magically heal anybody's therapy. a tummy ache or you're [ __ ] blind. and all he does is he closes. his eyes he mutters this. incantation and he has to. be standing up and then he like waves his. hand over his head three times like that. and poof like you're supposed. to be healed and i [ __ ] like just don't buy it at all i like it no [ __ ] i make fun of him i call him dumbledore oh good i tell him that he forgot his [ __ ] wand and i like my sister thinks he kind of got a little butt hurt because i was like mean to him or whatever but i'm blunt and i like to say what i think and you know if i didn't know you're full of [ __ ] and that you're not helping anyone i'm gonna [ __ ] tell you so i don't know what should i like back off and stop making fun of him should i like pretend like maybe there's a chance he is actually helping people oh my god the worst idea should i [ __ ] spin move and tell him you're not [ __ ] dumbledore yeah yeah get real like this [ __ ] isn't [ __ ] real life i don't know any advice helps let me know thanks remember you said the thing about beetlejuice yeah maybe the incantation was beetlejuice beetlejuice and his head shrink maybe he did a body coat on you yeah i mean the whole thing is is it [ __ ] eric roberts movie dude it's like body code it's called body code he thinks he can heal people right right you know what i mean yeah i mean body code i do love eric roberts i would that's another movie i would watch oh i would if body code was a movie i would have already watched right yeah yeah yeah [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah dude uh but look your dad is crazy yeah that's so yeah he's got i mean i hate to say it and i know doctor but you know that's kind of a meant those are mental that's mental problems your dad is there's about of his mind the body code unlocking your body's ability to heal itself oh my god written by [ __ ] eric roberts in 1998. if that was adapted into a movement if it was that easy everyone would do it yeah this would think about [ __ ] like that oh you could cure stomach aches just going like this one dollar one dollar one dollar yeah and then one dollar whatever the [ __ ] dude and then i'm like oh [ __ ] my [ __ ] stomach doesn't hurt anymore i want everyone would do that ask him what his response is why has this not caught on like wildfire or why doesn't that work on the stomach ache i have that you just. tried it out on me. for i would like to. know the answer yeah have him. do it to. you and then be like okay. i still have the thing now. what what's your explanation of that. he'll probably say well you don't believe. then okay we'll find someone who believes yeah. and then do it to. them i want to. watch they might and think it works. you know you know i think my stomach feel actually does. feel a little bit you ever. do that like you think you. have like you right. you want it to. be better so yeah. of course i think it's i mean. well that's like all of a lot. of religion anyway you know like like speaking. in tongues and [ __ ] like that you know of all the things to. call it too body code. is absolutely body code. is so it doesn't sound. like that's what it is. no no but i think that you should honestly. i think you should sit him. down and be like all right. dad i know i made fun of you. and maybe it was over. the line but i want you to. explain to me. why you think this works. give them a shot to. hear them out you're going. to end up where you are. anyway but he'll at least feel heard right. it means your dad you don't. want to like yeah. you messed up the whole relationship. yeah also yeah uh uh yeah i i mean i i did i can't. even well you know see this. is the thing about the internet. you don't even know these people are out. there doing this [ __ ] and now we do and it makes me actually sad. dude oh it doesn't make me. sad it doesn't make you sad. no i i like it if somebody believes. in body code then they're obviously. not mentally healthy well i agree. obviously i agree and they're in some kind of turmoil. but most people are i know i know it's just true. most people are on the brink of some kind of madness. dude people don't think about this. people think everybody's out there. being normal everyone's like why. can't i just live a normal. life nobody does yeah i know. everyone is either [ __ ] in their life or [ __ ] in the head or both i know it's very very rare that someone's like actually got their [ __ ] together it's completely sane. has no like deep trauma. from their past yeah everybody's [ __ ] up. yeah but like that's why. it doesn't make me sad. this guy being [ __ ] up in this way at least brings me entertainment. well here's the thing if he realized that. he was in uh trauma. and deep turmoil and mentally. unstable that he could do. body code on himself. and get better but he can and he doesn't even. realize it so this guy's so deep he's deep in some sort of mental. you know unevenness and then also can't even. realize it and then also can't use the thing. he's made up and body coat himself. out of that and if he did he'd realize that it wasn't even a real thing. to begin with it's like inception. wow you know what i'm saying. also though that's a movie and that's a movie with jake gyllenhall that's a better. movie in a simpler way uh he is [ __ ] up he has some kind of sanity. issue or like his life is [ __ ] up didn't go the way he wants his mind. has been bent and tested. throughout his whole life therefore he believes in a thing. like body code right. that's how that goes yeah. uh because you got it. because it's easier to. dive into that. than actually face the fact. this is why i say that. while my podcast recently. i was like i wish i was religious. so i had something to. [ __ ] believe in and know that everything was going to. be okay but in actuality would i have. to deal with is my [ __ ] i have to. [ __ ] let these walls down and deal with my [ __ ] and there's no hiding from it you know unless you are trying to. not be a real person. if you could figure out a way. to but then all of a sudden you're a body. code [ __ ] people always say things like you know uh society communities. fall apart when there is no more religion. when god is dead but it's like you can't. put the it's pandora's box. it shit's out in the open. we all understand that. there is no god right. like we can't just pretend now even. if that there's truth to. that society falls apart. when no one believes in god. anymore well we got to. figure that [ __ ] out then because nobody can pretend oh well now i mean i know that there's no god but oh okay okay let me just figure out a way to. believe in this book that talks about god's body. code miracles and [ __ ] maybe maybe body code is the answer. society will fall apart if there is no if there is no god but there is no god so we have resulted in using body. code yeah society will fall apart. if we don't use body code. one dollar one dollar one. oh you're rich you do. it enough no but uh seriously though. one body code is is the answer. there was religion before now there's body. go great great that's the sequel. your dad is the new jesus. okay cool frank christ hey matt. hey chris hey here so my question. is how do i go. about negotiating for a higher. salary when i'm receiving job. offers i have the skill set. i have the background i have. the education and i have the work. ethic to back up. being paid more i just don't know. how to ask without asking. plainly can i have more money please. so anyhow would be greatly. appreciated thanks bye honestly. the way she just said that. was was literally perfect yeah. she's she's so like like her her manner is so pleasant. all she needs to. do is literally say that. you know little yeah exactly. you can say it exactly. like that to an employer that's how you do. it that that was good and i understand. it's hard when you're actually in the room. across from an employee. is i know but that's the thing. that's it what you just. gotta deal with that that's one. of your uh what do you call. it paths you got to. deal with that because it's uncomfortable. and you're not going to. be somebody out there using body. code on yourself to. try and get through it. you got to deal. with these emotions this is something. that you need about that. you need to. ask for that and i [ __ ] by the way love it can i have more money please she said that's but that's hilarious. can i have more money. so this is my salary can i have. my money please that would be a [ __ ] uh if i was your boss. dude yeah you're gonna get it. you gotta raise yeah. um no but for real though. what you just said the way. you talked about yourself it's all. it's all right wrapped into. that right there that's all you got to. do yeah figure out. how to say that. to an employer uh maybe don't tell them. that video because it said deez nuts. deez nuts might be distracting. but you know what i'm saying. yeah you know that's a great. one she's it's about like you were saying. you just gotta ha. push through right the fear of asking you deserve it. you know you deserve it. you're qualified you know. you're qualified you have the experience. you know you have the experience all you got to. do is say what you just said. to us to. the employer get through that. initial like fear and once. you're saying it once you've opened your mouth. and begun saying it it's easy. from there oh yeah it's just about starting. opening like the the seal. you don't want to. be somebody who doesn't speak up. and [ __ ] go so there we go all right. next hey chris hey matt ally. here from north carolina. so i have more of like a question. or a request um me and my sister are really close. my oldest sister so i'm the youngest. so obviously i've never had an original. thought in my life. of course but i have her to. thank for my humor my. music taste all of that. she really just molded me. into the woman i am today. and i was thinking about her. christmas gift and she loves chris. and matt she loves chris's stand up. um i wanted to. get her the oops button and you don't sell it. anymore or either it's not on your site. anymore i don't know are you gonna sell those. again if you are will. you let me know yeah. we are uh anyways. guys life of ribs. thank you so much. just let me know i was selling. them again uh we just we ran out. and then we're restocking but her voice. is the most amazing voice i've ever heard on. anyone can she sing she could sing. i have actually advice she also on top. of the episode and get like maybe be a picture of my highres picture. of me and blow it. up like a poster yeah. for her room i think she would like that. and the oops yeah and then when she gives it to. her you [ __ ] press. the oosh button because that's a [ __ ] horrible no no no no no no no no no no just do both in her accent that voice was she can't sing what a waste it's just a north carolina. accent what's your name it. was very sultry she. was just she had a lower tone lowered. lower volume he doesn't get it. i get it i get a nice voice. but you're acting like it's like no. but it was a beautiful. fruit in the world i tell you if she can't sing she should it's too late. now she's you know. what i mean what does. this have to. do with singing if she was nine and worked on it. dude she would be [ __ ] absolutely she wouldn't. be doing having a speaking. voice doesn't mean you have a great. singing voice that's not how that works. but um it does it. but that kind of speaking. voice dude if she just sang a little bit. of happy birthday mr president. or something like that like a sexy. a very sultry doesn't have. to be dude well that was oh yeah. that was but like okay. she could also be like well i don't ever. wanna be like i did. that too i feel whatever. it is you know i'm sure. she likes the red hot. chili peppers but that was amazing. dude also i'll be in north carolina. north kakalaki uh raleigh if you want. to come out and see me tickets. at crystalia dot com raleigh north carolina. all right let's do it. next get her that for christmas. happy birthday oh i thought it. was christmas okay chris and mom my name is audrey. hi audrey i live in clarksville tennessee. i moved here three months. ago from nashville tennessee. um i like it here because everybody. seems to be a little bit. more like on the moderate path. of thinking which is just more. my brand um i'm a barber and kind of my gimmick i mean. yeah i deliver a great. haircut but also right on my gimmick is that like my comedian. make people laugh i've had some coworkers. one coworker complained that. i guess some of my jokes. made some clients uncomfortable. how do you strike a balance. between making like an abrasive. joke but also not taking away inherently. like the liberation i feel like that. comes along with being able. to be a comedian. like i don't want to. dumb down my comedy. just because like people are offended. i mean anyways okay. you are a barber not a community. well that this is right. there this is why i wouldn't do anything. but be a comedian because i couldn't like if you put me in a regular job. i'm getting fired immediately because i made an offcolor. joke right so but she said abrasive i mean. how abrasive are we talking about. like [ __ ] fat she's like there's oh your hair [ __ ] blacks like what how how like just like my son's here actually how abrasive are you being you know asians can't drive right. just yeah you know what. i mean just an asian okay. but i think the way. i the way to. think of it is that you are. actually a barber not a comedian. i don't want to. dumb down my comments lead. you have to. lead with being a barber if people in the shop. are getting uncomfortable because your jokes. are over some line. that people are making people uncomfortable. you don't you shouldn't. think of it like oh i don't sacrifice. my comedy you have to. think of it like oh i'm a barber i gotta scale it. back a little bit and i i got fired from being a barber white. because i wanted me to. sacrifice my comedy yeah. it just doesn't like you you. know what we're saying it. doesn't line up it's just the unfortunate [ __ ] thing here. that you got to. deal with you are you. could get fired yeah i mean you're gonna get fired. there's hr yeah you're gonna get fired. you're gonna get fired if you keep doing. it you gotta clean it. up dude like the floor. at the end of the [ __ ] the floor. at the end of the haircut. it got cleaned up dude. yeah same idea yeah you know you got cleaned up. because if you don't clean up. you're gonna get fired you don't clean. up the hair you're gonna get fired. you don't get up your potty. talk you're fired yeah although we are dealing with. somebody in clarksville you know that. you know that's just the monkeys. right the monkeys they're doing. a cover of it but yeah okay here we come. walking down the street get the funniest. looks from oh okay. well so she is um gonna have to. sacrifice some of her. comedy to be a better. barber i'm sorry but that's what it's going. to be and do all your you. know what how about this. dude how about this do open. mics go and perform actual comedy. use your use that as your outlet for your. comedy because once i started doing that. i'll tell you what in my real. life i got way less. annoying to people because i was i had an outlet to. do my comedy right. and now i'm still very annoying. and matt could vouch for this. yeah but i used to. be more annoying i used to. be doing bits and [ __ ] now i don't i do i see the bits. for the stage and i'm more of a person. in real life because you don't want. to hide behind your comedy. i did that for a long. time and it really [ __ ] me. up uh yeah anyway yeah i mean just you could still be. like the funny barber but don't make jokes. that could be offensive. just just like not a good idea. for a barber you know. yeah yeah unless you are already vadasa soon. and you can say whatever. you want yes you know. i'm paul mitchell right whatever. but like you're not you're a barber. and you shouldn't be making jokes. that are gonna offend people. yeah okay yeah matt and chris. what's going on guys i'm so glad. that you guys got together. to finally collaborate on something. um anyways i'm gonna keep this. short and sweet because i don't think this is allowed. but i have any advices for you chris really quickly uh matt might be doing you dirty. a little bit every time. you promo your hats you're saying. you're not a hat guy. i used to. have long hair myself tucked their hair behind the ears. bro you're gonna look you're gonna look killer. it's gonna change your entire. matt does it and he hasn't been telling you. he has not been helping you out. i'm telling you bro it's gonna change the game. hope it helps love you. guys gang gang i don't have a hat. do i have a hat i don't know do you have a hat you know i'm not the hat keeper. no hats i would have. tried it but i don't. here's the thing and i i know this i i i get it. different he doesn't understand. this guy doesn't understand. okay what's what you just. some people don't look good in half. yeah that's me dude. i know and you've said that. on this podcast before no. i've never said that. i'm saying it now it's my coming. out party uh he brought it out. of me you know. but no that's not this. guy you don't understand dude. oh what this guy. doesn't understand yeah yeah yeah oh oh nice throw okay. well you don't make that face. [music] don't make that face. put it on hey am i not a hacker you look. like an undercover cop. now you look like an undercover. cop you know hi guys did you like to. buy any drugs hello. man i mean a robot yeah. but i know what he's saying. but like it's still uh still looks so bad. i look even worse. loosen it you know. hey is there any drugs. going on in this. area no i'd like some remember the yamaka would have bring the way. the wayne's movie no it looks like well. you got a yamaka with a brim yeah hi. guys doing any shootings. let's see look at me. now it's bad you're wrong. guys doing any shooting any planned. shootings coming up guys the gun. falls out oh god yeah. do it nice toss. though yeah you guys both. got golden arms that was good. um all right uh yeah dude. i just don't look good in a hat. man i'm sorry i wish i did. i look fine in a beanie. but it's always too hot. for a [ __ ] yeah i can't wear that many beanies. in l.a yeah all right. unless you're me hi. boys so i have an ex. from several years ago. that was recently murdered by. his exgirlfriend hold on stop it. wait a minute her ex. was murdered by his exgirlfriend is. that what she just said whoa. dude why are you not reacting. i am reacting that's how you react. stillness that's good it's good for acting i'm like al. pacino you're robert de niro. right start it over please. that's she's talking i'm like oh wow. she murdered them and you're like. i need to hear it. again all right okay so i have an ex. from several years ago. that was recently murdered by. his exgirlfriend not me another one. and um honestly it was probably deserved. uh he oh yeah um i was shocked obviously. when i found out but not. terribly sad i went to. the funeral cried a little bit moved on with my life. uh it was fine. like i didn't really feel sadness. i think that was normal. because it was so long. ago and it was like a short. passionate thing when i was young. um but it's been a month. and i have been having nightmares about him. being murdered and other terrible. things like that and then the next day. just is consumed by me. thinking about that dream and i cannot. uh i don't know what to. do to make it. stop because it keeps happening. and it's a lot so if you could help. me out with what i need to. do in my head thanks yeah. i mean i think honestly i don't i'm not even. qualified to give proper. advice for something like that. i think what you're experiencing. though is probably extremely common. when something like this happens. i mean maybe it's like you didn't really. process it when it happened. when you heard about it. through the funeral maybe you weren't crying. because you were too much. in shock yeah and now. it's like your brain is sort of working. its way through it you didn't deal. with it in your subconscious. whatever you want to. whatever you believe about dreams. you could be just your jumble of thoughts bouncing. off of each other when you go to. sleep and your brain runs wild. what i would say is i think there's like i don't know. the names of them. there's like groups for people. who get together about. about loved ones who have or former. loved ones who have died. uh or or been killed. or in some horrible circumstance. i would i would recommend looking. into that because they're gonna have way. better advice than either one. of us could possibly. dude i just think that you're not dealing. with this [ __ ] and that's why you weren't sad. in the funeral and the knowledge while you're having dreams. because it's going to. come out either way. through your eyes or through. your [ __ ] sleep you know your mind and during your sleep. and you got to. deal with this [ __ ] because i can tell already by the way she's talking about it and like you said you're not qualified to. talk about it but i am. because i'm a comedian. and like i see her face talking about it. and like dude this is a painful. [ __ ] thing man i'm very loaded. when she says yeah yeah he deserved it. yeah i mean there's so much to. unpack here dude you pause. and you almost got into. it yep and she did it. look into that maybe a little bit. but you gotta see a therapist. right there's something betterhelp dot com. dude something uh or imagine dot com. frankly just kidding well. uh that's not really the ideal one for me. uh yeah wow wow though. that's [ __ ] heavy i don't know if we ever had one like that. absolutely wow uh so far. but yeah that's crazy. uh go see a 100 grocery. therapist go to better. help yeah and absolutely wow. better help slash betterhelp dot com. lifeline go there yeah that is absolutely. wow i mean you know just having a stroke. three [ __ ] oh yeah that is my life as you may recall i'm the guy whose girlfriend got her kids. taken away by her demon. of a mother um please. unfortunately since all that went. down we have since broken. up okay now i could talk [ __ ] about how she slowly. undermined my confidence and sense. of selfworth to. the point where i don't even recognize. myself but instead i'll just say the breakup. has gotten really messy. and now it's at the point. or i just want to. get the [ __ ] out of this shitty. little midwest town and move on. with my life yeah yeah my question. for you is now one. of her friends has recently reached out asking if i'm okay saying she's going through a breakup. too we're kind of in the same. boat and we've been talking. and i kind of think she wants me. to take her to. bronx city you know i think so should i do it. do i just be a little shitty. for once in a while let's take the rebound. [ __ ] my ex's. friend and skip town. oh jesus i mean. well he's laughing about it. we love you dude. yeah we do good for you. what a [ __ ] crazy few months. for this guy i love how he always is doing. the videos before he walks into. work and it's like i don't remember him. having that specific uniform. yeah the quality in or whatever. oh really i think uh first of all amazing. attitude for having gone through such a crazy roller coaster so good for you in that sense. but i think that if she i mean. look the the at the end of the day. your exgirlfriend who you went. out through all this [ __ ] for and with is still the daughter of her yeah that's what i was gonna say and they clearly got some issues that they haven't worked out the daughter probably. has some residual [ __ ] from growing up. with a mom like that that she needs. to work through on her. own it's not surprising that she was difficult. to be with uh it's not. surprising that as you say. she undermined your confidence made you into. a shallow version that you were i mean. we can blame people all we want true. though making him feel worse. but like uh yeah all you do is eat. [ __ ] hummus sandwiches dude like i'm getting the point which is you don't have to. [ __ ] feel bad at this. point you've been through so much do a little something for yourself. [ __ ] the friend dude. everyone in this situation is. not thinking clearly because of the situation. don't this is the mother. of your kids don't no. no they're not his kids. remember they're not his kids. he loves them they wanted. to let be let in closer. but the mother and and his girlfriend. oh well then way different yeah way. difference okay okay okay yeah just basically um i still think it's it'll be you're gonna make it worse. for yourself if you have sex. with this woman [ __ ] her dude. [ __ ] he wants to. move out of the city. anyway i i yeah but he's doing karate. i i i i i but i think but yeah but he's talking about. should i didn't he [ __ ] say uh take her with him or no am i making that. up he's he's at the end he made a joke. about should i just that. was a joke don't do. that should i be a little shitty. yeah and and [ __ ] her friend and skip. town with her yeah just i i if you like her i don't know man. it's it's you know it's a little different sometimes. like i obviously different guys. have different options and maybe it if if shit's a little dry. out there i don't know what kind of town. you're in and what job. you have and that's important. to women and like what what. you uh what what you bring to. the table shall we say. and if you're somebody that. is like oh you know. hasn't had that many partners and wants to. sow some oats and you gave it a good [ __ ] try here with this woman then maybe maybe it is the answer to. to to kind of see. what's up and take her to. wrong city but also you're gonna make [ __ ] worse for you definitely it's gonna make things worse for you you're gonna bust that nut. off but definitely gonna make things. worse it sounds like it. might make it a little bit better. you might feel like some kind of release about like oh. i mean when you talk about it. as a release it's hilarious. it is a release dude. he's been under stress he tried. to make it work. with this person who made him feel terrible. about himself like it's finally. got out of it. and it's like a cherry on top. of the exit this is the spin move [ __ ] a friend. is the spin move god. right when he busts just so dumb. that turns around so dick. yeah turns around yeah they're all naked. yeah uh [ __ ] wrong city. you're gonna become the mayor. of wrong city and have a whole [ __ ] shitload. of problems i'm telling you that. just just just if you uh here's it here's what i would say. though don't have sex with her. just because she's your friend ex's. yeah but you know. he's not look at him. bro no he's not i'm just saying just to. clarify you know i'm not saying like do it. for revenge that's not at all. what i'm saying that's a bad. idea of trying to. get away if it's coming at you and you're worried about being a terrible. guy you're not being a terrible. you're not you gave it. the [ __ ] i thought that those kids were yours. i remembered that they're not. um you don't remember i told you i remembered. after you told me. but well yeah that's remembering isn't it. technically but i i you wouldn't have remembered. without my aid okay so you say. that and i go yeah. i remember now i did it. um so yeah dude i don't know man. be careful if you're gonna. do it do it but it's uh you gotta be good do it. and then move time. it out right gotta go. boom what i want you. got and it might be hard. to handle looking at the planes. in a new city. and [ __ ] well i think you should do it all right well we disagree with me though. but okay that's just me. all right do we have another. one here we go. daria no hey dream team. my name is emily. um chris i've been in love with you. for many years now i recently realized that. i am in love. with you oh even better. uh my question is about my two and a half. year old and about kind of how we should monitor what she hears. what what she's listening to. and what she's seeing that's tough um my husband. and i both like good things. like comedians like you that use naughty. naughty boy uh movies and music. that have bad words in them. um and so the question is you know. how much do we monitor that. stuff around her because you know you can only take blippi soundtracks. oh my god those are like coco melon. [ __ ] yeah i don't watch those uh and also just any advice on terrible. twos wrangling of a of a gremlin child. like she'll bite me one minute. and then the next minute. she's cuddling into. my arm sounds like my puppy. help uh i don't uh you know first of all let me just blippi and coco melon. don't i don't i can't have i feel like that's making calvin. be an idiot every time. you send me a video i've got one. there's always some mega annoying. thing playing in the background that is. for him those are the good ones. look at when you go. home look at blippi dude. he goes hi guys i'm at an amusement. park oh my god that sounds good. some adult guy with the worst. outfit on what was it. what's that guy's name blippi the man's. name is blippi yeah oh my god look a monkey what that's what he. does calvin's just like oh that's amazing. yeah oh because it's mesmerizing and then cocoa melon. is like the black hole. sun video dude everyone's just like i like bread. i like bread and the [ __ ] oh my god baby. is demented dude by the way. they got a new blippi because the old blippi. got caught in a video. a long time ago. scatting on someone and by that i mean [ __ ] on someone what do you mean taking a dump yeah on someone blippi yeah like he's german but of all the people blippi did it poopy that's blippi that's russian i guess yeah that's the new one dude the new one of course isn't white i love it that's hilarious look i mean that's why a white guy that guy no he's not white that guy's not white on the upper right yes he is no he's not i can see him he's white blippi is a filipino blippi is flippy is that racist blippi's filipino the new one sure looks like he is yeah okay uh but yeah dude he looks exactly like the other guy though because of the outfit no because if they were [ __ ] standing next to. each other you wouldn't be like oh this. guy looks like the same. guy sure sure okay yeah but that okay that's all the more reasons right. there um so he shits. on a guy yep and then he got fired. guys if the kids even knew about. that video yeah i don't know if it was a guy yeah. i think it was a guy. actually it was like i think it. was more of a prank. not a sexual thing worst. prank ever and uh oh my god today. i'm gonna shoot on my naked. friend what oh this is a friend. this is my anus. blippi so annoying you know. that that's less annoying than that. video right i mean i believe that. yeah is he laughing. dude um dude so there's there's blippi and then there's cocoa. melon which is the black hole. sun video is that sounds more of my speed. what i'm saying is there's stuff. like peppa pig there's stuff. like bluey there's stuff like i don't know. any of the other ones but that is actually. watchable and i get it. it's not reservoir dogs why don't you just show. them good things like like movies. you like they're not gonna watch it. why because it needs. to be like there needs. to be some sort of like hi. kids to. get their attention oh no. what are you gonna show. them i mean casino from the green. mile casino yeah but then they grow up to. be a [ __ ] killer okay you can't have kids watch all that stuff this. is her problem can i put your head. in a vice like you can't. have that you know. what i mean mama can you beat me. with a french see what it. feels like and then blowing me. with a friend with my friend. uh all right so if you're watching that. honestly i totally get how awful. that is right but if you're watching stuff. like bluey and peppa pig. you can you can watch that. for longer so try to. maximize that kind of stuff. that you're viewing and then when they're not with you. you can't you know if they're just i mean. i guess they're two and a half. so it's not like they're at their friend's. house watching you know yeah. too young for that. [ __ ] scared straight but like you know you gotta you gotta you gotta monitor that and i i have you know if you have multiple rooms. you know let them wander around. and when they leave the room. you turn on a little bit. of [ __ ] you know the good [ __ ] yeah a little bit of the good [ __ ] you know put on put on body code starring eric uh roberts roberts. almost said eric griffin. yeah uh so yeah i don't know. uh yeah it's it's rough but you know. this is part of being a mom. i guess right it's nice that. you're in love with me. though well she's in love with her. husband and she's in love with me. she said she loves you. and is oh in love with you. okay she's like okay well now it's better. to be i'm she likes. me more okay that's fine. she's like lusting after me. no no in love is. not lusting in love. is like you're lusting. and also like romantically. she's lusting after me. intimately interested uh with you she's like oh i love you like we love you. no no no no no no we love our. people she left after me dude. if she saw me with the hat. on she'd be like oh my god. never mind oh god. yeah turn around and run. away no no no no she'd be like well i lust after you no she's in lust is like my [ __ ] she's in love with me all right you have another one all right cool i mean hey guys um obviously you can hear your podcast being played right now but my question is sounds like both of you if you're anything like me and my twin brother um does he have the same birthmarks you guys have the bond where i don't want to. say like where one gets hurt. and the other one can feel it. because that's kind of corny but like where you kind of have the feeling. that something may be wrong. with your brother or vice. versa and also i'm curious as to. matt delia's drug use i don't think that you do. drugs dude i just know chris is sober. all right and i have no idea. about you it's weird. that he's would be asking about drugs. um well look first of all i like that. guy's look i'm clowning him. but that's [ __ ] kind of cool. man you look cool. yeah i mean it doesn't that. star is i can't imagine getting a [ __ ] for me. it's a bit much but yeah you're into. that yeah yeah i do. like that you look. cool um it's jealous yeah. it's all good i mean. i could do if i want to. but um i don't know if i don't know i don't believe. in that whole [ __ ] you know touch. me and see if my brother. feels it no he's i think he means like when we're not even together like well we we've actually sometimes called each other. and like hey i heard there. was a thing over in your area. are you okay yeah yeah and it's never we're always okay. so that's it's off if we have it. it's yeah we don't have. the the brother dar at all. i've heard twins have a thing where like it. actually is sensory like you feel the pain. that they feel it just sounds like absolute. horseshit to me but if you're in. the same here's the thing. here's what does happen you're in the same. you're in the vicinity you're in the same. room and you're so like uh uh genetically similar. because your brothers that there's a thing that happens. where like you you start. you you can mirror your sibling because you're you're so close. you know them so well you're very similar. to them your makeup. that you can very easily intuit. what they're feeling and i think the process that. you're describing is is just like a a more like actual or rather. what i'm describing as a more actual and literal. description of what what he's talking about. like he's sensing that something's wrong. because he knows his brother. so well yeah and that's probably what's happening. you're intuiting because you're so similar. and you have so much. experience with that person it's almost like you're reading. them without trying to. yeah you know like i can tell like you could probably tell that. like i've been a little bit off. my game and like i'm been like kind of sad. lately and i can tell right. now that you're like whoa. [ __ ] i am absolutely the lesser. attractive brother right even though. i'm like wow life has been pimping that. woman is lusting. after me uh and his this. man is curious about me. and my drug use uh i used to. drink i don't drink anymore. i used to. drink a lot i don't drink anymore. we're sorry uh i i do i am. known to double. in the heroine arena green. uh plant let me. just say uh known as so cajun. known in some corners jayz. why was my bill clinton it's because they're similar. i didn't help uh i i smoke. weed yeah um i don't do. anything sometimes you know. prescription [ __ ] i take a trip to. [ __ ] xani island but i've never snorted anything. never injected anything oh yeah obviously. planes i am known to. take uh pills as well. oops oops but it was a mistake. well was it a mistake. it wasn't a mistake. well it was dumb. i mean three people inside. you no yes maybe it was a mistake. it just i was panicking so i took too many. uh yeah but okay yeah do we have. another one or no you want. to do another one. no we don't have to. do another one i'll do another one. i'll do another one okay. i'll do one more okay. okay oh i'm so happy. this guy's so british. you think so no hey kristen matt. martin chris even uh it's jonathan. leaving england yeah hope you can understand. my accent okay um i'm just getting. in touch just for i've got a bit of a neighbor. issue and i'm hoping you can provide. some life advice or at least. some humorous insight um so basically my neighbor a few dollars down she's had chickens. in the garden for like quite a. while which you know. i can live with that so british. and i decided to. introduce a rooster into. the equation and they said rooster. likes to make [ __ ] noise. at all hours of the day. it can be 4. a.m [ __ ] 2 p.m i'm drinking. my morning coffee here. this is rooster crowing man. about to get out. of bed at 4am and close. my window because yeah. it's just doing my [ __ ] heading man. yeah um obviously i don't want to. confront the woman because i'm english. and we don't like confrontation. um and also she's obviously got some sort of chemical imbalance yeah acceptable. to have a rooster. crowing at all hours of the day. so not the kind of woman. who was bad side. i want to. get on but so yeah if you've got any advice. or anything humorous to. say about the situation i'd much. appreciate it dude cheers. man you introduced a rooster. if she introduced rooster you introduce a bear yeah i we've been all first of all hope how good is it i'm good like i'm nice with it yeah that was good yeah. i mean i got to. give it up that was good. he's so british though. well yeah he is and that's why. it's good what you did. but when i saw his face i was like oh you know why. because i thought maybe he's trying to. hide his teeth right because you know honestly he had bad teeth. but i'm saying is that really what didn't. no okay bro it's just my intuition intuit. into it like he's your brother. you know i mean i don't know what to. do he's got a roosters foreign. first of all get really good earplugs. they exist do they dude. yeah i get the ones. that are like you know. there's the ones that you can jam. in there but there's the ones that you roll. into a really small thing. yeah and then you put them deep. in there and then they expand yeah. i i know i don't think my ears. are good uh they're shaped. weird they don't fill it up. because they pop out oh really yeah. they pop out they pop. out and so do i can't wear uh the apple ones. oh i fall out i bought like seven. pairs i'm done i'm done. with that [ __ ] give them to. me i wear they're long. because they're gone i wear the the things now. and every time i [ __ ] post a story people like bro. you can't afford the other ones. oh that's so much i bought seven. of them you're talking about the airpods. the ones that are free yeah. i don't like those i like the wire. anyway those don't fall out yeah. right the wire hangs it. down yeah and hooks them. on my ears whatever this is very boring. but uh maybe you could weight. them down put little anchors on. them um yeah but i think try. that try earplugs they might not. work because you might have weird. ears like him but they work for me. uh the ones you got to. get the foam ones though. that you put deep in and they expand and get into. the crevasses uh and then uh i think that also get an animal. yeah that get a dragon. is that is it makes prey of roosters. yeah a dragon it's it's insane. to get a rooster. in a in a populated area. get an animal like a fox or something. yeah get an animal a dog. it's something that'll kill. a rooster [ __ ] it dude yeah nobody you're not allowed. to do that it's not. okay no it's not yeah. there should be a [ __ ] honestly there should be a whole brigade of police. roosters that come by and like you're in. the wrong area you're in the wrong. area rooster you got to. get to an open field. keep it moving yeah get a police rooster. that's what i mean yeah. well that's not gonna happen. though i think you should get a rooster. a predator police a little police outfit and put it out. there with a billy club on it. you might want to. get a few so it's intimidated on. yeah yeah all right cool. all right well that's it. dude thanks for that. lifeline um you have a good. time on lifeline you can go to. get tickets at chrysalia dot com. like i said i'll be in raleigh uh north carolina. i'll be in uh denver. i got albany coming up. uh oxnard california just a bunch of different. uh dates uh so go to. chrisley dot com for tickets. and hit that link for. the cbd thing 10 off. code light line lifeline it's under the show. uh description uh and that's it lifelinemerge dot com. for the good lifeline merch. and mattdelia dot com for your deep dark. uh or just really private. advice that you don't want to. air out on the actual. show talk to. me about it oneonone private. for you we're doing it. big love you most of you. [music] 