 [music] runk all right everyone it. is episode 388 of congratulations. and let's [music] go. conratulations [music] and let's go and let's have. lunch remember i told you about that. you guys remember i told you about that. everybody in this world that. ever listened to. congratulations podcast i had a foreign exchange student. when i was in high school. and he said he was japanese. no was he japanese or korean. well started off the podcast racist. but i don't remember i think he was actually. korean and he said hey uh chris i've been uh trying. to learn my uh american. accent can do you want. to hear it and i said yeah. and he said he leaned. into me and said let's have lunch. and that's that's it and we should stop the show. after that because it's not going. to get better than that. but that did happen and um and i'll never forget. it uh but the um actually my son. said something super funny the day. hold on let me. take my my magic mind. housed it it's small so you can house. it but i housed it. um magic mind uh so i am putting my son to. bed last night actually said a few. funny things oh no this. is the thing he said he said put him. my son in bed. last night right. i do it it's my thing. i love doing it. i have um a uh i you know. sometimes i'm out of town. so i don't get to. do it so when i am home. i make sure to. do it and uh brushed his teeth. put him in in bed. and um we're laying there and he you know. he'll sit up and sometimes. and it'll go back. down and but he said he he looked at me. and he said what the can. i say that and i said can you say what. what the i said you what. the yeah he said can i say what. the heck i said yeah. you can say what the heck. sure yeah and he said hey dad i have a secret for you. and i said what and he leaned. into my ear and he said i can't say [ __ ] right and i said well yeah you can't say you i mean the the breath of the exhale of the in my ear. just i can't say [ __ ] right and i said well yeah you shouldn't say it buddy. i mean it's a bad word. but it's one of those things. that if you say it. it's it's it's not like you're going. to get in trouble. but from us but you know. if you say it around. other people they might take it. the wrong way and it's a little bit disrespectful. like if you say it to. uh other grownups they might think it's disrespectful. but if you say it to. other kids then they might get home. and they um might say it to. their parents and then they'll say where did you. learn that and then they'll say from you and then they'll be in trouble and then my son said and then they'll get in jail and i just said yes cuz i don't want to. deal with it all good dude. dude so you get in jail if your kid. says [ __ ] i don't um i don't know but it was really cute. dude and uh i literally live for moments. like that so it's all. good i live for the moment. um through it i'm respectful. in my disrespect um anyway it's been a blast. dude it's been a blast with this. shoulder pain man love it saw a doctor today on fraking. facetime cuz that's what we do now well i don't ever want to. go anywhere anymore i just want to. be on facetime or zoom. period that's it um and he was like raise. your arm i do it. i was like where's it. hurt showed me and he was like all. right all right i'll i'll send you a referral for an mri. and i go dude all i wanted. let's do it so can't wait to. get into that cylindrical where it's just so it's just so loud. l dude and then before you go. in they're always like now. listen some people experience anxiety if you experience anxiety. just hit this red button and this. and that and i'm just like dude. i think it's going to. be okay it's just a loud. noise right like i don't care about that. at all like if i know if it's coming i don't care. like yeah it's about 10. minutes i was like okay they freaked. me out before i even went in i went in piece of cake dude. that no problem that ain't no. problem that ain't no problem. yeah i was in that. thing like just it. was that ain't no problem that ain't. no problem came back all. good just muscle stuff. but yeah um anyway i'm going. to do an mri. and i was like dude. i'm i was like yo just i said to. the doctor i was like listen. man he's like maybe we could do physical. therapy i just don't want to. make sure this doesn't happen. again i was like ah man. i'm at to. point now i'm like just give me can we just do. surgery like i don't even care. after get my colonoscopy wa that's creepy. tell me more about that. i all i want to. do is just i don't just fix my body. however it works like fix it. i'll go under i don't i'll go. under for honestly if i have a scrape i don't. care i used to. never want to go. under people die from that. you know like kanye's mom and michael jackson or something. i don't know i make stuff. up but people do die. from it and you know anesthesiologist talk about stressful. anesthesiologist and we're going to. put you out here we go. and count back from 10. nine and here we go keep counting. back there we go and you're going. to be out in about 2. seconds there we go and okay. and oh i put too much. in okay so he's he died. i mean you know how much they put fenel in there. dude fentel you ever. see the cop open up. the back trunk and there's fenel in a box. and he just opens the box. and he just goes peace. out oh hey dude tell my family i love them oh dude fent will just like the like the forest gump feathering ding ding. ding ding ding ding ding ding ding d. ding ding [music] ding tell me family. i love them dude. just straight up fenel you can't. be around fenel without it. affecting you dude it's like andy. dick dude you just can't dude. if you have fenel anywhere within like i i mean. dude just google it. cop passing out from fenel oh what's this. here oh let's see. what this guy ring ding. ding ding ring ding ding ring ding. ding ding ding tell my wife. i love her dude. he just went and hit the gravel dude. they put that naran on him. though dude that's why it keeps my naran on me. dude just in case. i get a sniff of fentanyl. but anyway dude that's how they do it. with uh what do you call. it uh uh anesthesia. and count count backwards from 100. and there we go. and you should be going out. soon and there we go. and okay now just breathe. and there we go. and i put too much. he's dead that's how quick it. happens too much fental. sorry he died um so anyway dude. uh i you know but they do die. from that but i'm just like just fix. my body at this point. i'm 44 and like i haven't worked out in a few weeks and i'm like oh i i now. i'm actually an old man. so like i bent. down the other day. and i was just like oh i bet. this looks so bad you know. i'm like i bet this. looks just i i bet. it look like a [ __ ] praying mantis you know what i mean. just a clothed praying mantis. i bet i just look like a [ __ ] you know uh i just look like i you know i was like creeped. o hunched and and i'm like i don't work out. for the past few weeks. cuz of my shoulder and i'm just like and and every time i say uh my my shoulder. my son says just take three deep. breaths and i'm like i only say that. to you because it's a trick. take three deep breaths and i do it. and he's said feel better. and i'm like yeah cuz i got to. keep up the lie now. you know i just take three big. three i i just want him. to be like take i take three deep. breaths i go like it's a lie. and sant is not real um anyway. um i don't know man. so i guess i'll get an mri. can't wait maybe i'll live stream it. can't do that though right. because of the uh the magnetic stuff. take your belt off there. was a guy who had like something. in him like a uh like like a sexy. kinky thing like a like a like an anus. plug or something and he had it. in his bum and it. was metal and he didn't tell the doctor went. to mri ripped up into. his chest all good that. was uh jimy rer and tupac. on that one but yeah that. was just i mean could you imagine oh oh you know. what wait you know what i haven't. mentioned something i wonder if raing just the [ __ ] just the thing from the just getting taken out. by a by a by a uh an anal. plug oh you know what. i forgot to mention. what's that just in your heart. and just tell my wife. i love her tell tell my husband. i love him oh he had an you know. what he had an anal. plugin let's get him out get him. out h imagine dying from something like that and that's just your legacy um yeah i don't know torren uh california i'll be there with brian c on june 30th. uh i'm coming to. uh australia actually tomorrow no friday. night i'll be at the cuab. bur lounge which is's a new club in hollywood. uh go to chris le dot com. australia i'll be there soon ackland new zealand. i'll be there soon san diego. i just added uh i'm going. to be at the la factory down. there july 26 27th. and then i got memphis dallas. witch talk kansas oxnard california. mallen texas bowmont peterboro i mean. i have a lot ontario. ontario uh uh london ontario. duth minnesota uh thunderbay ontario. lexington kentucky birmingham alabama i got a bunch of alabama. dates and then sue falls go. get your tickets at chris. lead dot com thank you. very much guys yeah. so that's what's going on. i don't know man i was at the uh laugh. factory the other night special. guest well you know honestly i wasn't even the i w. look i was a special guest. however there was a real real actual special. guest i did my show. i was on stage. no before i was on stage. i i go to. i go to the laugh. factory and uh my buddy adam w. on you know huge on. youtube tik tock instagram. he's just like yo ryan garcia. wants to come to. the laugh factory and try stand. up and i i say well. okay i could you know. bring him he he wants. you to bring him. on stage and you can roast him a little bit and then he wants to. try stand up and i'm like are you sure. and he's like let me get back. and confirm yes he's sure okay. say [laughter] okay okay and gets to. the laugh factory um and i see him. i never i've never met. him before i know. i know adam uh but i see him. come in and he's like first. of voice you know. handsome dude uh you know i always wondered like i know. i've met boxers before but i i don't know. really i don't know boxers i know. a lot of ufc guys um and uh he comes in and he goes oh. man i don't know what i'm doing. dude why am i what. am i doing and i'm like and everyone's like he's so. nervous like his camp is with him. like i think boxers have to. roll with like nine at least nine people i don't think that boxers can be around. without it is weird that boxers are always around. nine people and like two of them. are bodyguards and also they could kick the [ __ ] out. of any body boxer so um but anyway he shows up and he's he's like oh man. i'm i'm so nervous i don't know. what i'm doing and i was like dude. it's well you don't have to. do it he's like no. i want to. do it i want to. do it now let me tell you something. dude it's so weird. to see a guy who is on. top of his game right. and and and one of the best. in his field then do another thing. and all of a sudden they are and and it's not it. has nothing to. do with talent you're just when you begin something. you're bad at it okay. period you go look at my look i have talent. as a standup comedian you go. look at my early gigs bad. okay yeah you could tell there's a hint of something. there however bad the badness. seeps in um or rather. you have to. let the goodness seep in whatever. it is poetry dude and i didn't even mean. to but um so he comes. up he's like oh man. i'm oh man i'm nervous. i'm like well you don't have to. do he's like no i'm going. to do it dude. i got to do. it i was like what are you. gna say he's like i don't really. know i've been working on some stuff. but i don't really know. i was like weren't you just at a poker game. like he was just at a poker game. with neymar and some other athletes and then another guy and he you know. he he had lost like tens. of thousands of dollars or whatever. he had his pants down. ry he i don't know. him and i'm just like i can't. wait to meet this. larger than life guy so he shows. up like nervous which is like adorable. okay it was honestly. quite adorable because the guy is on top. of his game right. and then also he's nervous about. something that that that also he's looking to. me for like advice and help. which is adorable so i'm like okay. well here's your advice it's not. going it's not going the way. that no matter what happens. it's not going to. be the way you think it. is everyone laughs like his camp. so it's like i'll bring you on. stage and then he goes hey dude will you stay up there. with me which is horable. and i go yeah sure yeah awesome. you know i'll stay up. there i'll make sure [ __ ] doesn't go crazy. go south you know cuz [ __ ] can let me tell you dude. [ __ ] can go south right [ __ ] can go south real quick if you don't know how to. uh deal with it on stage. you the second you gulp the second somebody. heckles or ass or throws. you off when you're in the beginning. of the show of the sh. of your career the second something. happens and you if you let a come out you're f. dude but sayara you're done. you're [ __ ] so i'm gonna make sure he doesn't gulp and i'm there right so i'll just i'll hang back. at him so i go up. on stage i do my set. and i say they say light. me in i say light. me in 13 minutes and then i'll bring up. ryan garcia so now look i know ryan garcia is super famous. all right i also know he's in a world. that i don't really know. about i don't know about boxing. that much okay so i know who he is though. so he's obviously very famous. if i know who somebody is and i'm not. in i don't know their world. then they're they're they're pretty famous at. least okay so i'm on stage. and i'm like i'm going to. bring him up i wonder how it's going. to be right because when i go. up on stage on a special guest. sometimes people lose their minds. sometimes they do absolutely nothing. and i'm just like okay this. is not my audience then and that's good because i got to. win him over right so when i went on stage they they didn't do they they gave me like a little bit like oh okay but it wasn't i was like oh man. this might be a little bit of a you. know because i'm working some new stuff. it might be a little of b. little bit of an uphill. battle for me whatever fine so i get on stage i start doing my material it starts. work it you know it. works it's a great crowd. okay um and uh so the crowd's so good. so i'm like i wonder why they didn't give it. up i'm so insecure. i'm like i wonder why they didn't give up. to me when i first went. out there they did but not you know what i mean. i'm insecure so so i'm like i hope that. they really appreciate the fact. that i'm going to. bring this world famous. dude on stage even though. he's not a comedian right. because he wants to. try standup so i start doing crowd work. i start you know murdering. this dude from romania in the front row. that has a [ __ ] shirt on that says romania which is just like that just is like the most ridiculous thing so um i give it to. him a little bit in like a fun. way also cuz he's being very loud. and looks like jar binks and so he um so so i say all right. look i that's my time. i want to. say i give it up. i say uh i want to. bring somebody on stage a very special guest. uh and he's never done. stand up before but he's world famous. and i hope you appreciate it. give it up for ryan. garcia the place goes bonkers. okay it goes nuts. so i'm like oh okay good this. will be easy for it. not easy but this will be there you know. cuz i i suppose the crowd. could be like we got to. watch a [ __ ] boxer do standup now but they do not feel that way. they're like oh [ __ ] you know there were t some guy from romania is like i get to. watch this guy you know and it's a special night. it's a special thing for them. you know he's going to. do a few minutes. i'm going to still hang up. there make sure everything's good so the video is on my instagram. if you go watch it. but so he goes uh on stage. comes up and starts talking. a little bit and it does. one says one thing and they laugh. a little bit and then he looks at me. and i'm like oh i'll just [ __ ] so we kind of did like a thing anyway dude that's that's what's going to. be the fighter and the kid. from now on that's the fighter. and the kid now but he's he's a really he's a really uh it. was fun dude it was really. fun and it was cool. and and i gotta say props. to him for just [ __ ] doing it like he was doing a a a poker game and then was like i just want to. try standup and then went and did it. and that's like the kind of guy. that's like a i i mean. to have that like athletes mindset. of like i'm just going. to try it it's going. to be so hard. i'm going to bomb. but [ __ ] it i have to. do it is crazy dude. cuz i'm like like i wonder if i had to. b like dude it's so funny. because it's like an art but like and like a lot. of gu like look. ryan garcia is not going to. start a standup career. right he was just wanted. to do it just to. like be silly fine. totally get it they get. to see a celebrity boxer and they whatever. it's all good but it's like that's exactly. like if you're somebody who who just like there's so many people. who like ti just. decided to do standup. he really tried to. do a run at it. and just like would do 40. minutes and i don't even know what he. was talking about and people would like kind of laugh. and he was trying to. work material and okay. but like you it's so hard. and then after like the initial oh look. it's [ __ ] ti you go. all right where's the jokes. and it takes a a long. time to get good at standup. just like it takes a long time. to get good at boxing okay. so just like it takes a long time. to get good at everything. except for like you know. other stuff that doesn't take a long. people but um they that's how now i really realize how boxers must feel. about all these celebrity boxing. matches and i'm just like yeah. cuz if it it's a weird. when it's artistic thing when it's just fighting. when it's a clear outcome. who wins it's obvious. but when it's an art thing. people like give it a little bit more. like yeah let see you get on stage. you know but that takes balls. man it really does. um i was impressed that. somebody would even go because i remember my first. time going on stage i could barely even. walk on stage uh but he's done. fight conferences before you. could see that in him. anyway uh it was cool like my son. he was eating uh uh salami the other day. and started choking for one. second one second he just goes and he goes. and i go i grabbed him. he says no i'm okay. i'm okay and i'm like okay. um yeah buddy i'm doing my podcast. and i watch him choke and i grab him. and i pull pull him up and he goes no. i'm okay put me down. and i was like oh okay i put him down dude. and i walked out into. onto my balcony and dude. there's something about that. that [ __ ] me up. so badly worse than the swimming. thing worse than seeing. him get like in in underwater by mistake. and like coming up and coughing there's something about the choking. thing that is so messed up. for me to see i i don't. know what it is it's like i it's like when in in a in an in previous. life i died by like swallowing a chicken. bone and and i i walked out. on the balcony and i had this. instinct of like ah bury that emotion. bury it bury it ah [ __ ] bury it i don't need to. feel that i sat down. in my chair on the balcony. and i and i said and i'm like and my wife. is out there and i say man. calvin just like choked a little bit. on on salami and she's like oh really is he okay. and i was like yeah he's okay. and she was like oh good and i was like but it really. bothered me and she was like well that's okay. it you know he didn't he didn't choke it. just for a little bit and it's fine. and i was like i know but i just want to. like hug him and like make sure he's okay and she was like well he's okay and then i realized like oh i can't like i can't make it about me. no i want to. hug you anyway you know i got to. let him cuz put me down. so i'm like put him down so like i'm the one that's traumatized and i'm like on the balcony. and i'm like maybe i should just bury it and she was. like just feel that it's okay. dude i'm sitting on the balcony. i i'm i'm a little bit emotional. but i bury it because i'm like i don't want to. feel that i don't want to. think about that kind of [ __ ] i can't even think someone tells me like war. stories that happened in the actual wars. and i i'm like i i can't think of this. [ __ ] families needed to. be evacuated from i can't think about this. [ __ ] right um so that night kristen is like hey i'm going to. go out to. dinner with my friends and then we're going to. meet you at the laugh. factory and i say awesome. now i love one. thing before my shows going. and getting fraking [music]. coffee that's what i love. dude okay so my wife. says i say hey when are you when are you going. to dinner she says she says dinner's at 8 okay. so i go oh in my head. you'll go get dinner when you go. get dinner i'll go get coffee. and then i'll meet you at the laugh. factory yes he planned it out. in his head all right. now now i'm chilling. as one does and it's eight. and i say in my head. hold on a second it's eight. i don't remember my wife. leaving hey hey life what are you doing. hey hey hey hey things that happen. it wasn't supposed to. be like this and so i so i say oh i i i go. upstairs hey hey my wife's on the bed. doing makeup hey things that happen. it wasn't supposed to. be like this hey [laughter] plans. what come on plans. and i say what are you doing. she says ah don't worry about it. i say what what do. you mean you din at at. she said now we push a little bit. i say oh okay. cool so i go back. downstairs and dude hey a half. an hour wait a minute. hey wait a minute. a half an hour. again so i let it go. because i'm like i have [ __ ] a half. an hour 8:30 it's so i go who the [ __ ] makes in my head i'm trying not to. get mad at just everything. in my head like who the [ __ ] plans. dinner at 8 and is in and by 8:30 they're still in the house. but i'm living with it i'm like i'm that's i'm just going. to live with that i wouldn't do that. buty you know what oh she pushed. it back okay cool she pushed. it back how far she push it back. how do you push back. a reservation oh it doesn't matter. oh you know what [ __ ] it i'm 9:00. hey wait a second 9:00 what are you. doing here so now i go upstairs. and i say hey babe it's 9. and she says yeah i said dinner's. at 8 and she says i know i'm just going. to go meet them. and uh i'm going to. go meet them and uh and you i'm going. to go meet them. and then we'll meet you at your show. and i say my show. my show my show that starts at 10. excuse me for sounding. like an indian in chief. but how and she says um oh well when do you go. up and i say well the shows at 10:00. i go up around. 10:30 and she says oh yeah we'll make it and i go life right but i'm all good okay so she's finally ready. hey 9:15 what are you doing. here here comes downstairs. reapplies some makeup 9:30 get out. of town she says oh okay. i'm ready five more minutes. go by five minutes what are you doing. here so now it's 9:40 and she says would you mind. dude would you mind. taking me and dropping. me off to dinner file's done dude. hey uh hey life all right. now these are minor these are. minor things that in people. i understand there are people out there. that go through really hard. times but plans come on plans. and so dude i i here's the thing. the coffee be and i like to. go to oh [ __ ] he's gonna say it no no don't say it no come on don't say about the coffee. no he's gna say no. i think you got come. clean the coffee bean. closes 10 [ __ ] he said it it closes. at 10 but he's got a now. dude here's what she hits. me with here's what she hits. me with oh if you can't i'll just uber that's a test. nice to meet you test. so now i say i'll drive you and she says well. what's wrong is anything okay. i was like well i want to. get coffee but i'll figure it out. she's like we can get coffee. after that right you're not sp. not till 10:30 she. thought she had me i was like yeah. but the c gles is at 10. so it's all good slaming your face. but it's fine and uh you know. i can find coffee in another. another place so i go i i said where is it. she say it's on the way. and guess what it's not. not on the way. nice to meet you dude. so it's yeah it's not on the way. when a chick says something is on the way. you know one one thing. guys is god damn. for sure it's not on the way. so so i go all the way. over to a different. area to where i'm not going. i drop her off and it's dude. 9:55 what are you doing. so i can't make it over. the cof me it's all. good so i drop her. off i'm like you know what at least. i was was good i'm going. to look up a coffee. place that closes at hey dude that closes at 11:00. because i'm smart i don't have. to go to the coffee. bean fine i wanted to. go to the one i go. to but i didn't have to. so i'm going to. go to the one that i'm go. to the ones that close. 11 dude he went to. four different coffee shops. that said they close. at 11 on yelp and all of them. were goddamn closed hey life. i didn't get coffee she only thing. i wanted to do i didn't get coffee. i get to the laugh. factory dude you're about to. realize how human i am we went. to we went to. i went to. the laugh factory and and she said and i get it. i get a text from my wife. hey my friends actually don't want to. come i'm going to. stay here i i can't convince them. guess what i thought of right. then in that moment guess. what i thought of right. then in that moment that i received the text. from my wife that she wasn't coming. to my show at the laugh. factory you probably can't guess it but i'm going. to tell you i thought. of my son choking on the salami. okay and it was too. much and i started crying. [laughter] okay okay it was to. too much now i didn't cry. because dude this is so funny. holy [ __ ] oh my god dude i didn't cry because i didn't cry because my wife couldn't come the fact that i'm even saying this is ridiculous it hey dude it was just too much it was just too much to. deal with for me that. day okay and i go i'm going. to bomb on stage. so [ __ ] hard or i'm going. to kill dude. let's turn this around so dude. i started thinking of my son. choking on the salami i'm like. man this [ __ ] world is so hard i'm scared i'm scared of being like a a father i'm scared of like not being in control i'm scared. of all these things that could happen. and i can't control any of it. oh dude i was like maybe i'll start. to do drugs and i wrote my group. on the text chain and i was like guys. i i i'm going to. just check this in right now. i can't deal with this. i'm losing my mind. i don't know what's going. on and they were like you can't. control it don't try. to all good previously. what would you have done. 6 years ago. if all this stuff happened. what would have you done. six years ago if all this. stuff happened and i didn't write it. but in my head i said i'd be knee deep. in some ps right and i don't so you know to. numb out dude and um they're like don't you know. they talk me through it. dude and i just such a minuscule thing. that turned into. a huge snowball and i i i i was so scared. i was thinking about dude. life is [ __ ] absolutely inc crazy. because i was thinking about in that. moment i had kids and what if i didn't like what would i be doing right. now and what you know. cuz butters is you know. on his last legs. and i'm like i just got butters 12. 13 years ago and it's been fun. with him but honestly he's been he pisses in the house. sometimes i get pissed off and like now he's just going. to die and i'm just going. to be sad. it's like i got myself sadness. in 12 years and and and obviously having a dog. is much different than having a family. i know that and like but i'm like i'm so upset. that i saw my son. choke a little bit on salami. that how the [ __ ] am i going to. get through the rest of my goddamn life. dude this is all the [ __ ] i'm thinking of because my wife. because the levies broke dude. because the levies broke dude. because she had to. [ __ ] have uh to. us with her [applause]. friends oh [ __ ] so i got on stage and i [ __ ] shot it down because i had to. dude operation do it. to him he came out. dude and he wasn't dude. he came out and he was swinging. operation do it to. [ __ ] yeah dude got out of that one oh he was in turmoil. oh really yeah oh was crying. over things he shouldn't have cried. about oh really oh nice to. meet you 8 8:30 9. what are you doing here. 9:15 9:30 can't go to. coffee bean cuz it's closed. nice to meet you life. come on whoopsy daisy sh chris can't come can't convince him. eat the tear oh yeah. he comes out swaying yes. got out of that [music]. one turned his whole mood. around dude and guess what that's [ __ ] [ __ ] cuz i should have just sat in it dude i should have sat in it but i didn't standup is not my drug or whatever you know you want to. say working out or nvidia you know. whatever the [ __ ] i'm obsessed about foreign movies. i just i you ever tried. just sitting it sucks so you got to. think about your son. choking on salami ain't that. amazing so i'm just like the next day. i woke i the next day. i woke up and i [ __ ] was a little bit better. and it all passes. i guess and it's like dude. it's so funny because like you see these look. i okay look i'm a celebrity. all right whatever to. to whatever degree you think. like even if it's a [ __ ] celebrity that's fine. i don't care but people know who i am. and it's like you see the stuff. like like like like for instance you see. the that that night it. was the ryan garcia came and i showed him. on stage and like i posted. that and and you see that. you see me laughing. on stage with a world. famous boxer and you're like oh there that that's that's his life. you know you know they go that's that. guy's life and it's like yeah yeah looks like it huh. but also min some min turmoil. isn't that crazy dude cuz people are just like people you know. it's so interesting right. you never know what kind of day. somebody's having i um yeah i i know. how we're not all honestly. blown to. smi rins with everybody. just going on in their in their in their head. with with the [ __ ] that they are are are are going. through period you know uh in their heads. and then meet up with someone. else that that has something else going. on in their head and it's like how do those people not. kill each other they go. like this yeah well america. is crazy because you know. they kill each other with guns. and it's like dude i'm are i that's nothing. i thought i would have thought oh you're an alien you know. oh what happens on earth. yeah a bunch of humans and and they all have the same. hive mind no they all. want different things they do really yes oh so they will die. eventually but from mostly from. natural causes oh what they don't. kill each other we would if we weren't in hive mind. we would kill each other. hey hey meor guess. what they're not in hive. mind y y y they're all laughing. they're not in hy mind. they're what what are they oh. they will be dead. in two weeks no. they've been living thousands of years. they must be in hi. mind and are lying no. they aren't they want different. things yeah yeah men want. to [ __ ] and women want to. dance men want to. [ __ ] and women want to. talk about other people men want. to insert themselves into. other women and women want to. plant things they want to. grow gardens y y y dude they want to. learn how to grow lettuce. on youtube and [laughter]. then men just want to. sport in women and women want to. learn how to grow lettuce. on youtube yeah and they all want. different things yeah yeah yeah they will be dead. in a few weeks. no they've been alive thousand. of years surely you're joking. yeah yeah yeah yeah dude. [ __ ] yeah dude i mean it's unbelievable br. it's unbelievable that everybody hasn't saw at least. three heads off and i'm serious dude. put that on my [ __ ] tombstone what do oh my god no way. bro i swear bro it's just like enough. oh man when i i saw [ __ ] uh that thing that was in the sky in in la the other day and it looked like a some you know it's probably some test thing. that was benign but it looked like the world. was ending and i just go here it. is here it is at salt. and straw looking up. here it is with my kid. holding holding his hand looking up. at the sky line. at salt and straw. trying to get pints of ice. cream to bring back. to my wife who's watching the perfect. match with her friend you know and and i'm like dude. and i got here it is oh here. it is this is yeah you know. what this is how it goes this. is how it goes and i just go. home and everything's fine how would we not saw off. people's heads how everyone wants. different things things dude. guys want to. lay horizontal and girls want. to look up how to. grow lettuce on youtube. it's it's amazing uh you know. i had therapy today too is. the is the is the major thing. here too i had therapy today bro. hey man therapy is not. good okay it ruins. you for a bit and it's just like god. damn it it's supposed. to be good sometimes my th is like don't you feel. lighter afterwards and i'm like hey man am i wearing the cinder block 3es no okay oh dude am i in a cement bath doc hey who am i am i lips manless cuz he died that way in a f in a cement bath in dick tracy the one with warren batty hey oh doc no i don't feel lighter i feel like lips manless thank you what do that what if that's how i ended the zoom um i feel good now though it's funny man it it it's to. be hum like you know. women really are on to. something though about the whole talking. and and and and and and and maybe i shouldn't have buried. my feelings when i saw my son. choking on salami because that's the. thing i buried it. and then later on i get a [ __ ] an imessage and that's what just you know broke the levy. and it's like if i had just talked a little bit. about the fear of my son. choking on salami for. [ __ ] sake i wouldn't have been crying whatever and it's you know you got let the motion out it you know you got to. talk that's that's for women. that's masturbating you got to. for men it's like you got to. let it out sometimes in the masturbation. front because if you don't i mean you're going to. be all pent up and you're going. to you know one day talk. about breaking a levy. you know it's just like you're going. to blow a load it's going. to be the [ __ ] side you oh god oh god here it is oh oh god [ __ ] oh god and just oh [ __ ] close the windows um but yeah cu if you don't talk then the levies are going to. break one day dude and you're going. to start crying so that's the thing. women really got it they really got it. they got that they got that. and it's still uncomfortable yay and it's still uncomfortable. yay i mean really i didn't realize how uncomfortable i was talking until. i [ __ ] the past few years. and and now and that's what i do. for a living which is hilarious. that maybe a funny bit. i should do on stage. jesus christ that [ __ ] uh i don't know in therapy it was so funny because like dude there's my mood in any therapy it's like clock work dude i'll sit down okay so i don't want to. go always [music] beforehand. like that's the the uh mood. right and i go and i open the computer and i hey what's going on i go. hey what's up and i go here. we go i start talking. whether it's couples or not i start. i start off getting pissed. so i'll get pissed. for 10 minutes then it subsides. and but the peak of the pissed. is at 10 minutes. or 15 minutes and then it subsides and then there's another smaller peak later. on and most of the time. that's at the end portion of it. to where i get off. zoom and i'm still a little. pissed off but i feel okay. also [applause] how about how these videos that i do. i mean i this is the 388th. episode of congratulations that like they're just going. to be forever out. there whoops said all this. [ __ ] you know in like 350. years somebody's going to. be like who's this guy and they're just going. to click on this video and it's going. to be like whoa what a [ __ ] weirdo he was a comedian. i guess and you see son. choked on a salami. and then he [ __ ] cried because his wife texted him. like it's just wow you know. imagine clicking on this. video in 1,500 years we told them. that that that they needed. hive mind [music] yes. i can yes i can um okay. cool just scheduling stuff sorry guys. bear with me i do what. i want it's all good. um it's all good [music]. um it's all good look at this. thing the joe joe koy was talking about the thing. on uh a netflix special. it's so funny what people get up. in arms about comedian. joeoy was talking about mumble rappers and praises biggie for. creating songs that still shut down. the club to this. day years after his death. um um and i didn't i don't w. i don't really you know. i didn't see his special but um people got really mad i guess. because people don't like to. hear but people get so [ __ ] angry. about music and like comedy. and right here yeah well one thing. i would like to. say is some guy some user. says first of all jo is 52 okay. so of course he doesn't like young. thug dude you know uh but yeah i guess. in the beginning he starts. talking about mumble rap. and it went viral. on social media. and then people are just like okay. old guy like yo it's not a disc. to call someone old by the way. i hey dude some people don't even get there. i made it you know. i mean i'm 44 i'm not that. old but um look at this. in 2014 young thug and rich. homie quan made a song so good it filtered lame dudes for 10 years straight wow somebody said lifestyle better than any song biggy small's ever made yeah wow look at this this is some real dork [ __ ] to. say this not not that. it's not even true not. that it's not true but it's such a dork. thing to say thug uses. his voice as an instrument as much. as kendrick but it's isn't viewed. the same because of the lyrics. and the region he's from that's the. dorkish thing i've ever read. on twitter uh and what what's wrong. with saying mumble rap. people are saying you shouldn't say. mumble rap anymore. like that's like an older. thing to say they were. like saying mumble rack in 2024 is weird. um the song look at it. this is the stuff i love. song he's crying about is. almost 10 years. old by the way dude. it's just comedy they he was killing. somebody says don't care old man. we still bump in lifestyle. oh this was my favorite one. this guy says i don't know who this. is but he might people always do that. they they they think that like how many people in the world. know everybody how many people in the world. how many people are there. in the world that are are known. by everybody six this guy says i don't know who this. is jok is a huge stand. up i don't know who this. is but he might stand. to mention how the mumble rapper. he lampoons has for years. been jailed without cause released. only to litigate with the state. over lyrics that were sufficiently. intelligible to incite a culture. war the loss of which could criminalize rap. could you like come like come is. this that saying was this saying was made for this. guy come off it. dude it's a comedy. show nobody is is not that. serious this one my only comment. he's performing in brooklyn. but not in front of brooklyn. dude i love how a people are nuts. bro making fun of hiphop is so i mean. every comedian does that [ __ ] it's so easy i've done it it's funny. who gives a [ __ ] well this rapper. was killed his name was fulio that sucks. actually because now no rapper is going. to be able to. be named fulio cuz that's a [ __ ] awesome name i didn't know. about him until now that is an awesome. name for a rapper the florida. rapper was shot and killed early sunday. morning wow charles jones. who performed under the name julio fulio that's awesome. was shot at a holiday in jesus. christ christ after being kicked out of an airbnb. my god this sounds like my night. that other night no. kidding i'm joking guys. after gathering exceeded occupancy limits according to. statement from his lawyer. oh man in tampa it. happened of course um that's so sad. i hate that [ __ ] rappers just getting shot and stuff. i wish more comics. would get shot instead they need to. get taken out you know comics. are [ __ ] um all right well that's good uh thank you very much for listening if you want to. listen to the rest of the episode. go to patreon dot com. christalia uh and and you can listen. to all of the bonus episodes. we put out a banger. last week um and you can um you can do. that it's just six bucks. you listen to. all of the uh bonus episodes. that we do i mean. there's so many of there now. like 3 years worth. four years worth. but anyway thanks a lot. guys [music] 