 i'm watching this movie. and it's just really wild. and i and i finish it and it's and and i and i'm hit. i'm struck by it you know. and i i i'm like hey dude this night. ain't over [ __ ] hey you know you you know you're staying up till 4 o' if the number one way you know you're staying up till 4:00. is if you you finish something on netflix. or hulu or whatever. amazon prime and the next app you bring up. is youtube hey you might be up. to if you if if you watch a jake gyllenhaal. movie the guilty on netflix. at 900 p.m. turn it off. and go right to. youtube and realize it was based off. a danish movie. and then watch the danish. movie and then go watch the differences. on a clip on youtube. after that you might be up. till [laughter] 4:00. if you turn on amazon. prime and and watch reacher season. 1 and you're watching it and then realize oh i'll watch a few episodes but maybe you watch a few more and you don't watch whole season but you do after that pull up youtube to. see if the gu's on testosterone or steroids. and then you see a clip. from him on rich. heisen saying how he didn't start. testosterone till after the first season. of reacher and then you realize that. that's got to be impossible. because you saw the first season. of reacher and he was built like the hulk and you do a little more research. you might be up till 400. a.m. just just the worst the first just jeff. foxworthy the worst millennial jeff. foxworth oh [ __ ] if you watch if you pull up zone of [laughter] interest on apple tv and you decide you know what do i rent it for $5.99 or do i buy it for $1 199.99 and you're sitting solo and you know your wife likes stuff about world war ii and you click buy it because maybe she'll want to. watch it later and you turn it on but you just turn it on thinking you know what i'm just going. to watch a little bit of this. movie and see if it i'm just gna. see if it catches me. and by golly it catches. you and you watch the whole. thing and then afterwards. you want to. learn about the holocaust and you wonder if you can just by searching on youtube. he say let me just let me. put the most basic. thing in the youtube search. how did the holocaust. happen and then you go and then you hit search. and what comes up. it the first video is how the holocaust. happened and you see a thumbnail with hitler. on it in black and white. with a red background and you click. on that even though it says it's an errow 40. minutes you might be up. till 400 a.m. boo just at the at the [ __ ] uh redne. of comedy what is it. called white trash comedy. what's it called that was it. called redne no big big daddies. the white collar comedy. tour right blue blue. color white color anyway do you know when you call your driver and so bad you know when you call your driver and they bring out the wrong car. dude how about when you miss is late. and you're like i'll do the spa. first but i like doing the spa after the m you might be a billionaire. [laughter] [music] um 