 foreign [music] canada. you don't want to. miss out i'm in ottawa. tonight ottawa the capital. of canada at the arena at td. place don't know what td stands. for but that's what it. is then i'm sold out. in montreal and sold out. in hamilton but i will be in pittsburgh. pennsylvania october 19th cleveland ohio. october 20th october 21st detroit at the jack. white theater where they're so. mad at me for uh they used. to do a festival there. and they're not doing it. for the first year and instead on the date. it's you it's me and everyone. thinks it's my fault even though. it's not my fault. i had no idea about that. thing great also that that festival. would still be going if people uh if people bought tickets. to it and they obviously don't so anyway. uh orlando florida november. 10th uh at the walt disney. theater november 12th fort myers. november 17th richmond virginia november. 18th baltimore maryland and then philadelphia and then reading for some reason. so i'll be there go to. the don't push me tour. we got dates coming. up i'm also going to. be in trenton new jersey at some point. soon in december i haven't announced it. yet so be be ready. and then a whole slew of dates. for next year coming up. soon before you know. it uh we've got the beautiful. merch here uh the absolutely gorgeous. merch here the uh the pockets. stay deep which is the ones. that i'm actually wearing them. right now i got the pocket. stay deep with the diving board on the side. of the pocket there the sweats just kick kicking in for. the winter and the um and the beautiful. beautiful uh other ones that we got here. slips my mind for a second. what do we got here. what are we gonna do. ones what is it them. grow or die. the absolutely beautiful grow. or die across the back. of the shoulders let them know. when you're walking away it's all. about the grow or die. movement and the uh life rips so chrisley dot com. for all that stuff tickets. and merch i see you at the shows. with the merch uh and come to. the show for exclusive merch. okay let's get into. it uh welcome to. the new hot episode [music]. dude that makes me think of once. i was in houston and i can't remember i was on the road. opening for somebody i can't remember i might have been with tom arnold. [music] and uh the host was like what. do you want me. to say about you and i was an upandcoming comedian. so i was like just say i'm like i'm i'm an upandcoming comedian. i'm like a a hot rising upcoming. comedian or whatever you want. to say i don't care and uh the guy. was like okay and he kept saying you know this next comedian. he's hot and uh he's got and i'm like dude. does he think that i said. say that i'm like sexy. so i never correct i didn't. correct him because i didn't. know that's what he was doing until. it was like the last show. i was like oh that's what he's thinking. because i would go on stage. i would do my act i would do like 20. something minutes and i'd come back. i forget about it by. then but anyway um that's what happened. uh where is it oh. here it is my magic mind. shake it up nice to. stay on the level my babies magic mind. drinking it down it we love it. keeps me leveled keeps me. nice i can i'm able. to go to weddings. and not want to. blow my brains out but anyway um i was in uh edmonton and also uh calgary dude. it was nice man i mean. edmonton and i i'll probably post a video. of the stand up. oh by the way i have new stand. up out there on my other. youtube channel uh where i'm kind of making fun of this. dude in arkansas when i was in little rock. go check that out but by the way. i got uh edmonton is a crazy. place i don't know what's up with a calgary i get i don't really get it. edmonton i don't get it it's beautiful. but also there's many many many like it's it's kind of methy. in a way does canada. have math i always think of south for meth. canada has beth canada has big math. actually canada has crazy heroin too in vancouver. um i i know that because i was in vancouver. and i took a left and then i saw a bunch of heroin. and meth addicts so anyway. um uh uh so i was there we we had great. shows denny and lulu uh and we had we were so fun you can check the tour. report on there and crystal on the chrisley youtube. channel uh but we had so much fun and we loved it. dude uh uh i love canada. man you know i know there's a lot. of stuff in the news. about how it's being really woke. but man they don't give a [ __ ] they really don't i went. up there i did all my [ __ ] i did the don't push me. tour which is hey don't push me and they [ __ ] ate it up dude. i love canada i really do i really do and when i go. there i think man i've been to. these places already you know. on some of the places. like last time i was in edmonton i played a smaller. venue i played a bigger. venue now hey look at that. 2019 i played a smaller venue. and then 2023 i play. a bit bigger venue you. know what i mean so look at that. man we sold more. tickets but it's all good. it's okay it's okay dude mr. fell off all the way. up that's how we that's how we do it. now um so so yeah so we did. that and it's really cool. and it's fun and dude. just the canadians are so so nice god dude. canadian dudes oh they all think. they're drake hey dude drake really. [ __ ] canadian dudes up. you know what i mean. he they just became different. once he got bigger wood. strikes started coming out. and being like i only crying. from my mama [ __ ] it you know or whatever the [ __ ] those songs you know only person in my bed. is my dog [ __ ] these hoes like dude. men men from canada. just went like oh dude. oh i'm not cool huh. and then grew a beard. cut the top of their head. a little bit more so the beard. was a little bit longer. and just got those [ __ ] slopey shoes. you know that they that you slide. in the boots the slopy. slide in boot [ __ ] shoes. that guy's wear that think that they're so good. and tighter black pants. like uh jeans and then like a shirt. and a flanner over. it over it i mean. even like pasty white dudes. got thick god they think they're drake but they're so clean and so nice looking everyone's so nice. looking in canada except for the really. ugly people but everyone's just pretty much so nice looking. but it's hilarious dude. who thinks they're drake dude. i mean i go to. cactus clubs all across the all. across the uh the canada. whenever i'm in a city. i go i find the cactus. club dude the cactus club is a good. restaurant i go there dude. i don't care i eat. there i go there i get the cajun. chicken sandwich you think i won't i will i do and i do that. and i eat the cake. the chicken sandwich that's not enough. i also order something else right. and that's me that's mr. bottomless pit okay and i'm doing that. and i eat that stuff. and everyone there thinks they're drake. and the women are beautiful in canada. it's fun it's absolutely crazy. there'll be like a uh parking attendant and you're like god. okay parking attendance in america. trolls parking attendants in. canada turn around let me see what you're working with okay. um turn around in that. booth you know what i'm talking about did a 360 in that booth. hey sweetie real quick. sweetie doll look the other way. ah do you know what i'm saying. in canada there'll be a [ __ ] gate. agent not even the stewardess the gate. agent at the air canada. ah sweetie doll turn around look. at the screen for a sec. let me see what you're working. with oh the gate agents. in america trolls right. it's crazy but can it drake. [ __ ] those dudes up because now they're all i don't know man everyone you know it's like but canada is great [music] um there's no wifi uh on the canadian. flights that i was on and my [ __ ] gosh. dude my [ __ ] gosh that whole. thing that louis ck. said was like relax we're two you know. 30 000 feet in the air. it's all great everything's great. you're in the air you're a chair. in the chair in the sky. and everyone's like yeah dude. that's right it's awesome. i don't agree with that. i love louis ck i don't. agree with that hey dude it have wifi. on the planes dude. they didn't have wifi on. the it's a three and a half. hour flight holy [ __ ] dude it's 2023. you're gonna make me watch transformers rise of the beast. like i want to. text my friends i want to. be on instagram instead you're gonna make me watch [ __ ] you know kramer. versus kramer on this. big of a like for some reason. uh in airplanes they'll have like all. the new movies and then like kramer. versus kramer and thief with gene. hackman and you're like uh what why are these stuck in there. who the [ __ ] wants to. be watching kramer versus kramer. on the plane just crying. their eyes out on a six inch by six inch. screen eating peanuts dude. flights i understand it's a bus in the sky. and it's public transportation and it's absolutely shitty. but get wifi dude. the french lady was just like the the the [ __ ] dude i was because that's the thing and i was talking about this on stage i might turn into. a bit but might not i guess. i'm doing bits on. my podcast but uh the lady. was just uh we you know. because at 10 000 feet. the wifi supposed to. turn on and in the whole time. i'm like oh we must not. be ten thousand feet yet. because the wifi is not on. yet and they must have wifi. because it's 2023. right last time. i checked it's 2023. so where's the wifi. we must not be too but i already. know we're ten thousand feet up. because it's been too long. so i'm like i can't wait till the stewardess. gets here i gotta talk. to her man and i can't wait to. ask her because i think that there's not wifi. and when she says it one. of two things either she says there. is a wifi we'll just we'll get it. figured out or and then and i get to. have wifi or she says no there's no wifi. on this flight and i get to. be mad and that's where i live. at home baby why. do i feel so comfortable when opposite because i don't want to. feel my feelings i don't want. to feel the uncomfortability of not being able. to have wifi for three. and a half hours instead i'd rather. be angry yes dude. i'd rather be seething yes. dude so i say uh hey ma'am. because she's like would you like to. have was it was a french accent. but of course would you like to. have uh not send tomato. juice or some [ __ ] you know and you're like no let me just get a club soda. abbott of course okay can i what's the deal. with the wifi dude. she hits me with this. you don't know because i was already. prepared to say when she said. when she said when i said where's the wifi. i was prepared to. whatever she said i was gonna say but it's 2023. i already had that. on deck but she goes you don't know and now i can't do. the 2023 thing so i'm like where's the wifi. just you don't know and i said well. oh what and she said. this these type of aircrafts crafts. they don't have wifi and i say oh. but and then i'm in my head. like when i'm gonna say the [ __ ] 2023 thing. and really put her in her place. and she's like i said what. do you mean and she said these are crafts. it is for safety reasons they don't have they don't have the wifi. and i say oh okay. well you know it's 2023. and now i'm just like trailing off. i didn't get to. have [ __ ] wifi for two three and a half. i watched transformers rise of the beast. rise of the beasts sucks. donkey balls dude they have transformers. this is the [ __ ] i don't like dude. they have transformers that are transformers that are cars. and they transform into. robots okay and then they have they made so many different. transformers what is this [ __ ] this this [ __ ] sound play i need to. buy a license or something it's not working. is that right yeah so anyway they have um it doesn't give a [ __ ] dude one person really um all right cool. man well you know man. it's a nice all the time. um so now they have the robots. the the the the transformers that turn into. robots which are okay which by the way. you already know it's a transformer. because it's a huge [ __ ] 18. wheeler in a jungle. you know and it's not natural. uh also it's so beautiful. it's red and blue and [ __ ] you know it's transformer. um so now they go to. the jungle and there are beasts. so now they're a robot now. they're now they're robot beasts i. i don't even understand they're. they're beast robots that don't that they transform. oh they maximize they get into. turn into bigger so. if it's a robot ape it. turns into a max. it transforms into. a bigger robot ape it's a. different species i guess. even though they're not species. because they're robots so there's max. maximus optimus prime and then uh maximus. primal uh dork and so then they have the the mixed race. guy who's the lead now and then they have the the black lady. who's in it too and then everyone. else's robots and [ __ ] and then the movie sucks. donkey ball so it's all good. so the movie sucks don't get both. so it's fine you know. uh the only acceptable place. it is to. watch uh transformers rise of the beast. is on the plane and that's okay. dude and that's all good. dude but i watched it. and i had to watch. that because there was no. wifi so that's [ __ ] wonderful man. god it pissed me off. yeah man so good also um i was talking about drake. what's up with the new. drake album where it has. halle berry uh doused in slime. you can't do that um gonna get sued. okay so halle berry is still firing shots. at drake after he's picking folks. have been chiming all weekend. about that slime you out it's called. featuring sza one. finance hallie why why i was so impressed. photo that owned by getty images um oh because he asked me and i said no that's why she added well i ask if you tend to. do what you want to. do that that was the [ __ ] you to. me not cool you get it. nice damn she really really. really got why did he ask. her if he was going. to do it anyway. that's crazy um it's not. a good cover i mean. i think it's kind of whatever. it's it's kind of a cool picture. no is it real it. looks like ai it's a real picture because she's beautiful. um why wouldn't she want it. i wonder why she did. say no whatever um oh dude. we i can't believe this. we gotta talk about this. um we have a complete. like this is absolutely crazy. this other podcast which i've been hitting people. have been hitting me up. about this for a while i i i i don't even look. at it i haven't looked at it. until recently it's called shits and gigs podcast in the uk. they completely ripped off the log cabin idea and the the cult. idea and the white linen and they call their fans. babies it it's so crazy. the hosts of shits. and gigs james and fujad i mean they completely ripped off the idea and it's crazy. because like i don't if you want to. do the idea i dude. i don't like people always think people like steal. from comedians and i don't think that like there's just there's a lot. of thoughts that are the same. and like you know something. happens and then comedians make fun. of it and [ __ ] but oh my god you gotta go and look at the shits. and gig they have like a log cabin um retreat that they're trying to. do like that's they're that. they're hosting and they're like come. on babies get your white. linen and in this lock join. us in the log cabin and be a cult. member and and it's so it's such a ripoff. and it's so crazy that it's so blatant. but go look at their stuff. i mean look dude. i i it's just odd. it's so odd and i finally look because people were constantly hitting my up. about this look and i looked and because i don't ever. buy that [ __ ] but this is like crazy dude. um and it's a podcast and there's other [ __ ] that's similar to. you can go look it up. it's called shits and gigs they say sh. x t s and gigs in gigs um but my god like just say say oh yeah just like chris delia we're doing this. do that i don't even care. but it's so crazy to. pretend like it's your idea anyway. um dude the thing oh it happened. the thing that made me the most mad. yay the thing that made me the most mad. yay dude the thing that made me the most. mad in years yay oh my god i am on. a trip from calgary to. edmonton or no edmonton to. seattle because i connect in seattle. to go to la. edmonton to seattle i don't have wifi. on the plane from edmonton to. seattle we've already discussed this. because air canada westjet. and canada at least for me. they did not have it. okay um and so what happened. is i'm now have to. sleep because there's not even. a tv yes dude. i'm on a prop plane. all good i'm gonna sleep. i have the the window. side so i'm going. like this i'm sleeping from edmonton to. seattle an hour 40. flight all right i never sleep. on the the plane i'm able. to sleep on this plane. i pass out i'm leaning. on the side of the plane. and i am visibly passed out. my eyes are closed. my mouth is hung open. all right and i keep i know. i'm assuming because i keep doing. this foreign and now i'm in the winter. scene which means there's somebody next to. me i do not know this. person all right it's a woman. i do not know nice. to sit next to. sweet sweet person didn't bother. me we didn't even talk right. i get this i'm on the side. i'm going what do you think about this. okay i'm leave it in the comments. i'm like this i get this. i look up there's a guy in the um aisle. so now i know we're going down. right because that's the only reason. to wake me up. if it's just some guy okay it. wasn't a stewardess it was some guy. and he's psychic and he has a premonition. about we're going down and the premonitions have worked out. before this and he's got a good track. record and he knows that i have to. stay safe so he wakes me up. to get into the crash. position so i'm so happy. he woke me up so i say to. him yeah i'm asleep. i'm like out too i say. yeah and he says hey are you the comedian. foreign so i say yeah. and he says chris and i say yeah. and he says can i get a picture. first of all how that's my first question. hey guy how hey hey guy don't turn me. into an indian chief. but how okay racist so. i i say i think about this. there's a woman next to. me what's the pick gonna be is. she gonna be in it. is he gonna do like this. she's gonna be in it. do i get out if i'm awake. this is [ __ ] bonkers so i say he says can i get a t can i get a picture and i say i'm sleeping man. and then he says please. and i say again. i'm sleeping man and he says okay. sorry then travel now this was the worst. part travels the rest of the way. to the bathroom didn't get up. to do it decided to. bother me on the way. to do something else yo. that is the most and here's the thing. about being you know. in the know or whatever. you want to. call it a celebrity it. sucks because he could easily. be like wow chrisley is a dick. wouldn't take a picture with me. nobody would know the story he walked me. the [ __ ] up dude how crazy is that yo oh guess if i fell asleep. after that because of however. because i guess if i fell asleep. again after that because of how mad i was guess. if i was able. to to just kind of quell it. and let it simmer i guess. if i was able. to do that or not oh i wasn't dude. i really want to. have a conversation with that guy. that's nuts could you [ __ ] believe that i'm sleeping. it wasn't like i was hunched. over i was like this. there's some [ __ ] in the comments. that's gonna be like well you know. you could have gone up you know. no people are just they don't. know any they don't know people don't understand. stuff you know like i was i sat. i walked by a a restaurant. it's a cafe it's a and my two friends were there. and i was like oh you guys know each other and they're like yeah. and i was like i'm gonna go get some food. i came back out and i sat. next to the um i sat. next to them. not on at the same. table they're like you could sit at the table. i was like no just sit here. it's a bigger table whatever. so i was like with them. but not with them you know. and then uh uh at my table which was empty. but me um another guy says hey can i sit here. and i know the guy. from the gym so say. of course buddy he says cool. so i'm talking with my other buddies. uh george janko and keegan allen. that's what they were and so i'm talking. to them and they're talking. about alex jones so hot. topic right we're talking about conspiracies. conspiracy theories and how we think of them i'm talking to. keegan i'm talking to. george the guy sat down. with us the guy who sat. down with us that i didn't vouch. for but i'm like you know. yeah of course i know. this guy from the gym. you know he says you know. what i think and i say i told it. to my wife and i say yo. yo hold up [laughter]. i say before you say anything. and i turn to. keegan and george and i say. just so you guys know. i don't know this guy. he's a gym bud. i like his energy. seems nice as [ __ ] but i don't know. him now proceed okay [laughter] because this is a topic i can't have this guy being like well the frogs are gay. because of the water and joe biden's a lizard. and then these guys i gotta wait. a whole conversation to. be like i don't really know. that guy i don't want to. sit through that i don't want. to sit through that so whoopsie daisy. i had to put a wall. up is like you can't. do that [ __ ] and i was like no dude absolutely not this is the rules. if we you know. we don't know each other. at the same level. i learned this when i was at the [ __ ] when you're at comedy. clubs and you're just hanging out. with the friends and the fellas and then all of a sudden somebody walks up. and they're like hey you know. what happened to. me and we're like who are you it's like [ __ ] if barry bonds came back from the batting circle and went into. the dugout and you were just like oh dude. it's crazy man when i play. baseball this happened or you know and dude you're in the audience. so you gotta check people now. i didn't check them in a shitty. way i was like seems nice has a nice energy. i like the guy but now you can go and then they started. talking and i just [ __ ] just charlie brown's. teacher because they got involved. and i was like oh dude. i'm out they're all. were involved and i was like i'm out. maybe they're best friends. now i have no idea um but i told this. to my wife she's like you can't. do that i was like man. i guess that's just where we differ. she's like because i wasn't even. being a dick that's the thing. that we get into. arguments about sometimes is like how i've got a tone and it's like dude. i'm just from the [ __ ] east coast. really right because i say mario. and not mario like i got a tone because i say. orange instead of orange i got a tone because i say. forest instead of forest i gotta top i dude. i'm gonna ruffle i'm gonna wrestle some feather. feathers right now that la rams. thing where the ai. robots were yeah you know it. oh you have not seen. this oh wow have you wow. the movie the creator uh uh that comes. out with denzel not denzel washington whatever the son's name is isaiah washington john washington i don't know george washington um they did a promo where they introduced ai robots into. the stands and walking around. on the field at the la. rams game okay now everyone is. like oh my god look it's really happening. this overwhelming like this is crazy. can't believe how real they look. look at them this is unbelievable. wow overwhelmingly they're saying oh my god this. is crazy how they did that. now guys it's obviously [ __ ] people in there hey guys it's people and and i know people don't believe that they're gonna be like no way dude how do they hey if ai was that good already. it wouldn't take the [ __ ] a movie to. like fund this expedition there's so much wrong with this. thinking it's unbelievable they pull one over on you. and it's all for promo so fine. dude they're walking around like people. you they have you seen the latest robots. look up real life. ross it's like some [ __ ] idiot woman with no hair just like i uh like cheesecake cheesecake is my favorite dessert. you think that they just have eight. ai robots that literally are like hey how you doing. hi i'm a person hey what's up. walking around taking in football. walking around on the field. do you know how much that would cost. you think first of all the movie. the creator broke that uh news. that now there's ai walking. among us and that they spec. dude how much would that go there. were like six of them. at least how much would that cost. 30 million dollars and they didn't do that they're [ __ ] people dude you dumbos my cat my videographer. sam was like no way. they're not people i was like oh sam they got you i mean. dude they're just they're like hi. and these people in the stand. are so dumb they're like hi. and the person in the ai. suit is like this dude. because you know who's in there. ralph i mean and i know. people are gonna be like dude. no no no and no there. is no i go i watched. the thing that same story because ah sam this. is people and he was like no. way you're being a contrarian. no it's [ __ ] people watch the video dude. play a little bit of it. you know but dude it's just so i don't i don't. know ai's scary as [ __ ] it's scary. as [ __ ] like what's going on over there. ai bro how hilarious is that. mercedesbenz made the [ __ ] jumping mode. to get out of sand who's buying. mercedes to drive through. sand they made a jumping mode. where if you get caught. in sand you can just jump out. of it like the mercedes just goes. like like kind of like hydraulics and it jumps. out and of course obviously people are just doing it in the streets. because it's dope looking like look. at this [ __ ] the mercedesbenz just creates a special jumping mode. to rescue us and then they're just in the street. dude and if you think i'm not gonna get one of these [ __ ] cars you're absolutely out to. lunch i'm getting one of these and i'm bouncing. everywhere but if the ever some of these cliffs. were just at people [ __ ] in the car. and nobody knew that's dope. dude look at the way. they're doing it i wish every car. did this peacocking at its finest. huh unreal i saw. that movie flight were they uh where they landed. the plane upside down and then this is the thing. the problem i have with hollywood. based on a real story [ __ ] the [ __ ] thing was nothing like what happened. you know just don't say based on a true. story don't do that it makes people. it's such a sucker. move people go oh really i gotta go. see that and then they like add vampires. and you're like well it. was based on it and then we just introduced the you know. the guy who did it. upside down it flew upside down. and then landed i guess. and and i was looking it. up and apparently there were different. articles where they said everyone. died but then he saved. some people i thought flight based on true. story um the events of the film. were inspired by true. events involving a pilot actually. inverting a commercial airplane in order. to stabilize and save the lives of muslim. adventure so there you go. and then uh i'm drunk. now i'm drunk right now dude. that's the [ __ ] meme at 11. a.m hey are you gonna drink tonight. i'm drunk now i'm drunk. right now so funny. but look at this landing. here oh sideways oh oh my god. dude oh wow landed sideways. like he's like he's in [ __ ] cobra and the gi. joe oh my god i'm my last that's what would be i would be like i'm [ __ ] and then and then we would make it and i'd be like oh well okay i mean just sideways dude. unreal uh god bless huh. god bless all right guys. i got your hauler.baby uh i got your hauler. baby uh things right. here we're trying out this. new thing on hauler.baby you can go. to holler.baby slash crystallia where i do. these really uh quick little reads. for you guys we're testing this. out seeing how it's going um and here are some of them and some of them i don't even know if they're real or not but uh this is what we got so uh ryan miller. would like for you to. check out thirsty goose. portable bedside urinal for med. at uh thirsty goose. dot co dude. are there really those i'm getting one. maybe because i i want to. just be able to. roll off and just tinkle out. the side um check out. at daisy dazzle dreams. for all your custom themed spiritual and healing. goodies that's absolutely uh that sounds like a yeah. so that's a crazy person. but it's okay dude it's okay uh daisy dazzled dreams. uh that whole thing sounds. insane but there you go. if you're into that stuff. great kyle huddy i love you dingus love. b that's cutest cutest [ __ ] that's from bianca there need another podcast give jared and jared a try today. no don't do that but they're saying. do it so that's the ad. um need a great brand video. content need great brand video. content go to. scout uh straight dash what. is that dash hyphen scout. hyphen creative dot com. check out the band scooped. up if you dig. pop punk we make highend animations even for podcasts. visit jayvarta dot com. we gotta do that here's another. one go check out the zlisters podcast. nice name i like that. name basic honey the only honey and candles for my babies nice i like how they added my endorsement in there even though i've never had it before. but anyway appreciate you guys. go to holler. dot baby slash crystallia if. you're interested in buying a little ad. or a shout out okay had to. pump some air in here for a little bit um this. thing was crazy how they kicked out. lauren bobert out of showing of beetlejuice the play. don't close yet. well it's got to. be a musical right. uh beetlejuice beetlejuice beetlejuice um don't you have to. say his name isn't that what it. goes yeah three times what's that say. my name three times saying. that there's like so many different. stories was like you say his name. three times and then like candyman who else bloody mary. that yep yep yep yep that's what started. it all uh sitting u.s congressman lauren bobert so she was at beetlejuice the musical. oh my head so small um and what the [ __ ] the guys have dinosaur and um her husband her boyfriend boyfriend was uh basically jiggling her titties uh and they got kicked out jiggling her titties and also she had her hand down his pants stroking all good weird to. do at a musical. when you're dressed all nice um you know. what i mean like in a movie. theater i get it like if you're going. to see [ __ ] transformers okay but get going two you're having a night out. you know what i mean. you're having a night out in a nice. sequence dress the guy's got a sport. coat on and you just start. stroking right that's a little much. and you're vaping which is so annoying. the most egregious thing here is the vaping don't be puffing. out plumes of smoke. add up anywhere where people are. sitting next to. you it's so annoying people who vape near. me dude some people pull out. a vape when i'm driving i go. like this roll down the window. and then say yo could you roll the window. up and i say now now you're put now if you're puffing. up plumes of smoke. baby you want me. to smart you want to. smell like chemical strawberries up in here keep that [ __ ] in your lungs and outside of my car. dude so so she was stroking him. off he was getting jiggly with the damn. titties right now we're doing everything. that couples doing it's all. good my baby it's all. good did jiggle some titties. it's all good to. get stroked okay and it's kind of okay. to do it in covertly in a place. and maybe this is their kink. maybe they like to. do it in public. and he's not taking their titties. out she's not taking the tip. out she's not doing these things right. but they got kicked out because she was vaping which is super annoying. and singing which is super annoying. and taking selfies which is basically. this she's a basic. she's basic okay and this is terrible. this is so annoying. and the dude was probably just all. like us is awesome. dude oh hell yeah. got congressman's titties watching. beetlejuice dude no way stroke it. a little bit um so they were doing that. and they were having a good. time he was getting all spunked. out right and then they threw him. out and now this this kind of [ __ ] is the [ __ ] i hate surveillance video of lauren bobert kicked. out of the beetlejuice of beetlejuice in denver. for reportedly vaping singing recording. and causing a disturbance. congress your turn like like that's a. [ __ ] booted out of congress. that's a this anybody who first of all. there's video surveillance of this. hey salem this is a sex act. almost well you can't say it's a sex. actors and that will be illegal. but like dude what about the fact. that yeah i probably can't. sue him but this just sucks. that now she's being humiliated and she's going. to want to. [ __ ] jump off the eiffel tower and uh and now the left is like you gotta kick her out. but also they're cool with you know trans. women showing their titties on the white. house lawn so it's like you know what i mean. i don't like how it's all at war. no matter what it's like it's either. okay to do this. [ __ ] or it's not it doesn't matter what you believe if you're squeezing titties in public is it okay or not because if you're on the left and you're screaming. about hey she can't be squeezing. titties and be in congress. then it's not okay. for joe biden to. let trans women honk their titties on the white. house floor right warehouse lawn. um because this is the thing. too because they're like it's everything. is empowering to. women everything is empowering to. women unless you don't like the person. and then oh she's being a [ __ ] who hasn't done this. [ __ ] by the way you know who hasn't done this [ __ ] square ass [ __ ] i don't give a [ __ ] i don't know and i didn't even know she was right or left until i saw the [ __ ] news about her i was like oh i get it it's the liberals that are mad um but yeah dude look at this video of it he's honking them titties dude and she didn't got kicked. out the video the recording. thing is what you get kicked. out for they were like man. you have to. go why actually him honking. your titties is fine but you were recording. and we can't do that. that's interesting that's ip that's another. intellectual property it was the fact. that your stroking his tip. that's fine i don't really. care about that i come here. and i see plays all. the time my wife struck. my tip but you have to. leave because of the recording. he's fine um and then she writes. i'm a christian so they may. how tone deaf is. this tweet i thought it. had to be a joke. i am a christian. so they may try to. drive me to my knees. but that's where i'm the strongest oh great. now i'm horny dude. you can't say that period. but you can't say it after you got tossed out. of beetlejuice forget your titties. closed that's a [ __ ] position. and i thought it was a joke. until she wrote after that time to. get your minds out of the gutter guys we're talking about. prayer here hey you put our minds. in the gutters it started. with squeezing titties i. started with stroking tips. it started with hiding your hand. and now you're gonna be all like hey get me. on my knees i'm trying. to suck a guy off. hey get your mind. out of the good i'm a christian. dude they're trying to. drive me to my knees. with my mouth open but that's where i'm the strongest sucking hey guys i'm talking about. prayer here ah i wonder what will happen. she'll probably be okay i didn't know that. people in congress had such nice. racks dude honestly being for real. but then they're trying to. go after harold's howard stern because um he's like i don't this. whole thing he says she's a disgrace. to the country and i listened to. it a little bit he's they're making. it sound a lot. worse than it is but uh it's so. weird that howard stern got a huge got famous. for you know objectifying women. with jimmy kimmel no. was that was he on the man. show ever howard stern where jimmy. kimmel part of that [ __ ] kimmel was. a part of what they stern. no kimmel was got it. i get them confused. because jimmy kimmel was the same. thing he had that [ __ ] man show and now he's like so liberal. but like howard stern is wow. he says being called woke. is a compliment i'm not for stupidity. it's crazy dude i feel like that. if he didn't do that he would have got so dragged into. the [ __ ] me too [ __ ] right maybe not maybe he's on the level i have no idea i've only heard he's a really nice good guy i never met him um but that's so crazy to. make your like to. cut your teeth on the objectifying. women like and then be like yo somebody on con. in congress can't hook up. like they're not priests and even priests. dude hey priests come. on well most priests are you know. a lot of priests do. it because they're gay but like the presets are straight. hey sup dude come on get it. wet a little bit right. hey i get it how how are that. father thy name whatever the [ __ ] it is but also get it wet. a little bit right. i get it you know. chastity belts and whatnot. but yo a priest let's get it. going in the [ __ ] horizontal. department am i right. or what i know i know. i'm going to hell. but also priests you know. what i'm saying get at least. stroked off a little bit in a movie. theater that's all i'm saying right. enough with the [ __ ] you don't you know i know that the catholicism was. rampant with the [ __ ] the pedophilia and the and the and the little boys. stop doing that obviously and if you're gay. cool but [ __ ] adult men and then also get it wet a little bit right you know what i'm talking about priests. the the the the celibacy thing is crazy. the whole i don't have sex. with nobody that's crazy dude. sex feels good dude you ever have that it's so dope every time you have it you're like oh yeah this you know i it's so weird every time you have it you're like oh i think your mind does something like after you don't do it for even a few days and then you're like and then you do it after that and you're like oh yeah i forgot it was this dope we gotta do this more often you know you think that with your wife. and [ __ ] we gotta do this more often yeah man like you have those thoughts in your head even besides the thought guys thoughts during sex. is always oh man. this is so hot. but then also you think regular thoughts like oh man. we got to do. this more often or something. like oh the pillows are in the wrong. place you know you still think real thoughts. but then you go we gotta do this. more often [ __ ] man and you turn on something with the new show with matthew. good or whatever the [ __ ] up move that. movie is with the lady that looks like the girl. from [ __ ] vampire diaries. not vampire diaries what's the other. one twilight zone what. the [ __ ] the twilight twilight. movie twilight jesus christ. and [ __ ] that up huh. i'm a grandpa um the witch. zone or whatever that [ __ ] that. new movie is called it's a show. it's a show god dude. i'm getting old man. i can't wait to. like i got a little bit of gray. hair i want my hair to. be gray as [ __ ] i want to. be a silver fox. i don't like just the gray. in my beard i want this. to come through you know. what i need to. do i need someone to. scare the [ __ ] out of me. i need someone to. just [ __ ] go boo around. the corner i go oh and i go right. i'm gonna die i'm gonna. die i've never dyed. my hair one time in my life. i'm gonna diet once it. starts getting gray i'm going. full raiden doesn't know it. yeah but where you at with it. i need you at this. store dude stop playing with me give me a date. oh no it's this phone. the worst whose line. is it anyway still doing it. go and do like official. instore i need to know asap. chicago no problem i got you. but balvin you've been telling me. that you got me. i need to know what day. on your calendar all. right i'm gonna check the calendar. today your balvin let's do. it man put me in the calendar. the worst improv dude. the worst improv not ever getting. past his one part of saying yeah. but we got to. make a date though you know never moving never moving. it forward come to. miami southeast 7th and congress. we the best store we got your sneakers. man and when they come out. the whole world gonna come get them. but i want them to. see you i want you to. touch the people not just that. you know we got that. thing we working on. together you know i i can't tell you know it's a surprise but you know we got bonita. change the name of your shoes. the new name of your shoes. is called dentist the j. balvin sneakers are called. dentists dude that was the worst improv. i've ever seen in my life. dude how about imagine that's his [ __ ] groundlings audition that's his saturday. night live audition dude. um starts he starts himself. doing spanish and then gives up. halfway through and also never moves. the bit past the first line. and even switches places and is still not. moving it only moves it. physically um we the best minutes. stop playing with me give me a date. oh no it's this phone. batman i need you at the store. give me who's filming it. you know right now are we going. to do this in store. you know i got your sneakers. going all right guys so bad. you know god dude what the [ __ ] is dj cow. gonna be like when he's 75. ah enough. of this [ __ ] everybody's famous. great everybody's famous um all right. that's good for now i appreciate you. guys uh reading philadelphia pittsburgh. baltimore uh uh richmond virginia uh philadelphia. i said that already um i will be there. ottawa tonight canada. and then a bunch of other dates. uh chrislea dot com go. get that merch it looks. nice look your boy's wearing. it right now yup yo balvin. where you at yo balvin. look at the pocket stay deep. yo yo balvin hold up. wrong phone yo balvin we. got the diving board right. above the pocket right. there that's where the cash go yo balvin. so go get that chrisley dot com. let them know your pockets and i spit. all over the place when i did that. but um appreciate you guys. and leave a comment uh that's it. for the youtube uh show if you want to. watch the rest the uncut version of the podcast. go to patreon dot com. crystalia also uh go get the two. three years worth of extra. uh episodes that we have on patreon. that will be unlocked the moment. you subscribe for only six dollars. and uh go do that patreon. dot com crystallia and also it. helps us keep this. show going i really appreciate it. i appreciate you guys thank you. foreign [music] 