 black history month you findan ridiculous why oh you're going. to relegate my history to. our month oh come on what do. you do with yours. which month is white history month. yes dude speechless this is morgan. freeman's version ofor i'm sorry. sorry sorry don't relate my my history to. a mon well the oh i'm jewish. try to trump them. i'm jewish i don't know. if you know what's going on. over there right now okay which month. is jewish history slam into. oblivion dude unbelievable keeps diing further. and further into the hole. who's this guy the guy. what's that guy's name what mike. wallace yeah yeah yeah yeah there isn't one. oh oh acting morgan freeman is. so dope dude oh oh oh so there's not one why not do you want. one no no i don't either. oh i mean bating them dude. you want one he was like if the guy was like actually yeah. i would like to. have june people like oh so now you're [ __ ] diminishing the blacks i don't want a black history mon smashed it a baby. black history is american history how are we going. to get rid of racism. on stop talking about it i'm going. to stop calling you a white man. yeah and i'm going to. ask you to stop calling me. a black man i know you as mike. wallace you know me. as morgan freeman you smashed it smashed it into. oblivion dude nobody's made a better. point in the history of points dude. wait actually that deserves to. be watched again black history month. you find ridiculous i like how mike wallace is like you find black history month. ridiculous but how are we going to. stop racism like it's february that. is the the [ __ ] dark night. that's going to [ __ ] come save racism. you know well how are we going. to stop racism you guys got the shortest month. why why you're going. to relegate my history to. a month worked on that. response was ready says it on set. all the time by the way. you know to like the boom. guy that's february you got anything. you want to. say about that what do. you mean what do you know. what it is you know. what month it is it's black history month. right well you going to. relegate my history down to. a month no i don't know. you brought it up so fire. this guy oh come on what do you do. with yours which month. is right history stunned stunned. him come on tell me. oh god dud mik wallace met. his match he met his [ __ ] match. dude and it's morgan freeman. he met his match. and it's the [ __ ] character in batman. you never remember his name. dude he met his [ __ ] match. and it's from the star. of along came a spider he [ __ ] met his match. dude i'm jewish to. took that was his final he knew. after that if morg had more to. say he was cooked dude. mike mike wallace is cooked he's i'm gna. throw my jewish thing he if morg if he says i'm jewish and then here's mike wallace knows. ah i'm i'm a piece of jerk chicken. i'm cooked dude okay which month. is jewish history month. there we go there. isn't one oh yep. defeated oh why not do you. want one no no all right. i don't either i don't want a black is mon. acting so good dude. awesome wow dude morgan freeman he 