 [music] runk lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed [music] professional hello. hello hello hello hello hello happy new year w. w hey hey happy. new year you're an elephant. no it's the um noise. maker you know those things. that go yeah yeah yeah yeah not the elephant. dude y so bit it's the new year. yaying that was an elephant. i can't i mean i don't have. a [ __ ] you're doing the sound of an elephant. not the thing no okay. yeah yeah yeah mom mom um so yeah. yeah bing binging binging bing. bing so bad making it about. the bing bong no it's good. this is the year. of the bing bong everybody. knows that the year of the bing bong. this is the year. of the bing bong what is the bing. bong well the the bing bong. is uh i just say this. a lot bing bing bing bing bing okay. so it doesn't really have any sort of really core. deep meaning no it does cuz if other people do. it too then we're all do. living the year of the bing the year. of the bing bong bing bang. it's a great title. already starting a year off with a blast. happy new year everybody. lifeline 2023 there will not be another. year that goes by. where lifeline hasn't been a show. all year round last year. we started and this year. is what i like to. call season two ah wow. most annoying guy in the world. that like that bit as a guy. you know on stage [music]. that that song makes me. sad it's like filled with emotion. you it is dude. why is that uh because think about time. yep it makes you think about time. no such thing as time. baby i mean so such a no. such thing as time baby. there is though right. you know why why that was just time. that went by yeah yeah yeah well look certain brains like mine. uh are very expansive and can can can contain. very expansive ideas uh little ones. like yours can't do that. no no no i have a big. brain okay my i i have a big big big big big brain. okay um but but i will say we got the i wore. this cuz it's um what do you call. it um merch but the january. 1st start off the year with the spin move mentality that's what we do. dude a new year's resolution. you can get uh merch. at lifeline merch dot com. uh you can if you have a question. or want to. submit a video and you need advises. go to watch lifeline. dot com and if you want those oneonone. sessions advice sessions with matt. then you go to. mata dot com and it's great. um i am going to. be in san diego coming up. in a week in a week. uh this weekend this next weekend. i'm going to be in san diego. uh brea california we got stuff. popping off in brea california. portland oregon seatt attle washington lakeland daytona and jacksonville. i'm doing a florida. run he's doing a florida. run he's doing a florida. run um san antonio sugarland. is doing a texas run. is doing a texas wow new orleans. you know that because that's how i say it. because that's how they say it. in nor nor they nans no. right yeah providence rhode island. new york city uh chicago kansas. city i'm going to. do them all springfield missouri. tulsa tulsa uh [ __ ] oklahoma i know uh austin. texas midland texas. minneapolis minnesota columbus cincinnati. ohio boisey crystalia do dot com. get your tickets it's selling. out dude the don't push me tour elephant no it's a a noise maker. dude which is the word. i was looking for yeah. yeah but how how terrible. is something called a noise. maker yeah it's a terrible. thing it's just like it it. has been invented just to. make noise that's it. they've created the [ __ ] most annoying pathetic piece of [ __ ] a noise maker. killed your significant other i mean. why just being called a noise. maker like give it a name yeah. i understand uh the name is noisemaker. i think that's a really great. name because what you see. is what you get in that. kind of a thing and i would never buy a noise. maker and it's very when people have no makers and it's very annoying. when people use noise makers. which is always on new year's. eve don't do that i think honestly celebrate the new year. in quietness i have a dream. actually okay of driving to. the middle of nowhere. with nobody just myself okay and i don't think this will. ever happen because like you know. i'm a family man and all that. but being in the middle of nowhere. going at 11:00 and just waiting and just seeing if i can feel the new year. you ever think about that. i wonder if you'll be able. to feel there'll probably be light. and all that stuff going. you might hear i mean. you know no i don't think that. that is something what you feel. the new year right. no i know but i'm saying it. probably you' probably have to. go to like legitimately miles and miles and miles away. in the middle of nowhere. to not recognize that. the new year has happened. because of the lights and all the fireworks. and stuff you'll be seeing it. from afar right no. matter what you think so yeah. i think so youan i bet. there's places many places. deep in the desert in america. that are just you couldn't see a thing. right but then it's like how do you get back. and then it's like you could be stranded. you could die yeah. don't don't do it i mean. no one should do it. but that's that's what i'm saying. it's a dream it's a pipe. dream right yeah but why that doesn't sound enjoyable. in any way because i'm a guy. who gets very anxious i'll. tell you that much and i get very anxious. when it comes to. the number one thing and that's change that's the number. one thing of my anxiety. and when the new year. tell why what the new year. turns cuz things are fine. as they are right everything's fine. i'm living i'm healthy i got good. stuff who knows what could happen. the next instant and so the point. is change terrifies me. all good sad deeper. need to talk about it. with my therapist put change it. terrifies me that's that's not uncommon. okay so it's not uncommon but for me. it is it is uncommon. for the way i deal with. it because that will get my heart. palpitating now you know that. doesn't feel good because it accesses. my anxiety and it makes me. work overtime my heart starts. beating i get you know clammy. hands and i get nervous. now we all deal with. these things in different. ways but my thing is i don't. want to be a dick. to people when i am feeling anxiety. and when i am in the middle. of nowhere when the new year's. ball drops i will that is the biggest change all year round didn't want to. admit it but i don't i don't even understand. what didn't want to. admit it what did you just admit. that you don't that i get anxious. in that for that reason. i don't like change you going. to the middle of the desert. would would erase that. anxiety you're saying because i wouldn't know when the ball. drops okay right okay so i wouldn't know when to. be anxious so therefore it. would be minimized okay. dude i'm a doctor in a way. right not in the traditional sense. no doctor would recommend anything. you drive out to. the middle of the desert. take two of these and call me. in the morning drive out to. the middle of desert. a drunk um yeah dude it's uh it's tough man. deal with a lot of anxiety. all good man but uh you know. what i mean i'm off my uh i'm off my meds. well not not off my i mean. go off your meds no i'm not off my meds. i'm i don't take um zany and i do take uh uh satal satal. satal pram that's for oc. that's for ocd got ocd. yes starting this year. rip roaring admitting to. everything satal pram yeah. it's what it's called really yeah. you didn't make that up. nope there's satala fram and satal which is very confusing. so confusing and i also had sram tfr yeah and then it i think the doctor wrote it. wrong once and then i started taking satal pram. and it's basically the same. but i switched my medications. without even knowing it because my doctor has. messy handwriting oh well you know what hey doctors no don't have handwriting anymore. that's true that's true and don't have it. also we have computers also don't have. a drug called calram and esal cifr that's the extra. one aalr secure you take. it you get secure. um so yeah uh happy. new year everybody what' you do. for new year's can't hear you. but you can say it. out loud and um you know you know it. was good this is a new. year 2023 hopefully this. is a great year. hopefully it's better than last. year you know we had some rough years. starting with covid. and uh now we're off we're off and running. on 2023 do you have. any new year's resolutions uh yes you do yeah. okay um want to. talk about it or no. sure okay uh my main one is to. be more pimping pimping than i've ever. been okay and how do you do that. just like really every night. think about the previous day. and what i could have. done to have been even more pimping. pimping okay then look at the days the day ahead like the schedule what's on my docket what's on the schedule. calendar and then i say okay. how can i be the most amount of pimping. pimping in each of these moments right. yeah exactly yeah yeah at night. tomorrow pimp pimpin pimpin pimpin pimp okay so that actually could have been more pimp uh tomorrow from 3: to. 4: i'm doing that it's not. very pimpin pimpin but you can make it pimping. pimpin is an idea i could change that. i'll wake up tomorrow plan. ahead the pimp and pimp andness. and reflect on the pimp. and pimp andness wow and see if it was maximized or if i the worst. pastor plan ahead on the pimping. pimping this maximize you pimp pimp pimping. this yeah um just trying to. do you know god's work oh that's that's what god's. work is being pimp pimping. pimping yeah um well i my new year's resolution. yeah what is it be. ripped his [ __ ] be ripped as [ __ ] yeah be ripped as [ __ ] in a cool dad you don't just be ripped you're going to. get ripped as [ __ ] i i i'm not going to. i i don't here's the deal. man i don't really think that uh i subscribe. to new year's resolutions. yeah me neither yeah because really i'm not going. to one a new year. is not going to. change me change is. something that's inevitable now i told you make me. anxious but you need to. be growing with the change and uh so that should be happening. every week right or every day. every second generally they're they're well meaning all of them. what is people want to. lose weight people want to. get heier this or that people want. to be nicer to. whatever the [ __ ] people want to. be more focused these are all. good things mh but it. should have nothing to. do with the year. it should have to. do with oh i realize i want to. do this yeah is better. for me yeah i'm g. to start doing it like if you have a new year's. resolution and you figure it out. at in december 5th and you're like oh i gotta be nicer. to people right you're just going. to be a dick. for 25 days exactly yeah yeah just just start now i'll work. on apologizing and holding doors open. in a few weeks. dude let me get out. my stuff let me get out. my dickness now yeah dickness so um yeah and uh but i don't i don't really have one wow i keep i mean picking no and uh so if you have a news resolution. stick with it but dude. honestly man you should have had it already just let's all work on trying. to be better people this. year let's all work on trying. to be nice to. each other let's all work on. trying to be positive. you know not assume the worst. of people and also assume the worst. period end of yourself it's a deeper. but uh you know you got it. going right yeah hey everybody listen. you got it going on yeah. and all you need to. do is dig down deep. inside and realize mh you. got it going on okay. cool okay all right well great. so everybody's got it going. on yeah they just need to. be reminded of that fact. yeah so sometimes you can remind yourself. and just say you know. what paul or whoever you are. right you look in the mirror. rita i mean in the mirror. hi rita i'm that's like i'm rita. i know hi rita you. got it going on that. would be rita if she said. that yep uhhuh and then she knows she's got it. going on she moves. forward with her life. not necessarily that easy but you're talking about. selfaffirmation ideally this is the ideal the ultimate. ideal you know obviously we hit. bumps along the way but they're saying if you force yourself to. smile more you'll actually be happier. that's what they say. i've heard that yeah because your b. you can trick your brain. reverse engineer it yeah doesn't work no no do that all day every day and you will be so happy for the rest. of your life yeah h. no but my my cheeks will hurt. yeah that's true but yeah but i'll be happy. as [ __ ] with with hurty cheeks. hery cheeks wow herty cheeks all right. well uh look man. we're going to get into. i know we'll banter in. between but uh we will have a we will. have a good time. and uh let's get into. the first one so here. we go my babies hey guys i hope you all having a good. day today my name is rachel. from dallas texas and i'm 25. years old and i need some brotherly. advice my brother is almost 30. and he still asked. me for financial help and my parents. have told me no do not. help him at all he has to. learn how to be responsible. but i have a hard time. saying no of course because he lives in a really rough part. of town his friends. are not the most reliable. people and he works in a really rough. part of town as a bartender. and he comes home at like 400. a.m. and that is when there's some there's a rough crowd where he is. we know about that so he'll. call me asking for uber rides. or gas money or money. here and there for help. and i am very concerned for his. life all the time. just because he's had a really colorful. drug history and he's died twice. and came back to. life fu i feel like at this. point i'm like if anything i can do to. help him survive the night. i would like to. do that but i also want. him to learn. how to be responsible. like he's almost 30 uh but i think y'all. could have some pretty good. advice on this uh thank you all. love you all damn dude. all damn yeah that's rough i mean. to drop that in the like we i was like okay. okay okay and then she said he died. twice and it's just like oh god. that's very serious well yeah. dying is serious yes d the most serious thing. is dying dying generally yeah. right but also dying the only thing above. that that's more serious is. is uh ncis new orleans. have you seen that very serious. yeah i mean all the time. there's literally no humor you're. right oh oh i see yeah. yeah yeah and has new orleans. scot pacula okay oh scott bacula scott bacula lucas. black and then lucas black huh. yeah who's the woman in it. there's two women and they're both women. that i've one of them. i've seen before and then there's also another guy named. uh oh dude go to. the cast actually before we get to. this woman oh wow. look at theast just look at the c. okay go to the cast. go go down okay daryl mitchell. you see that guy right. there i do okay that guy's name. on the credits yeah on the credits. is daryl chill mitchell like in quotes. that's what it is on. the ncis thing how cool is that very cool. and he acts in a wheelchair. and he is in a wheelchair. i didn't know that the guy's been in so much. [ __ ] dude what a badass. and it's so funny that his name. is chill and he's always sitting down. though that's chill yeah. but uh but yeah so those are the people in it. and so is cch pounder jesus. that's his name the arest patton pl. oh dude the name who where fl w. that's so bad dude. how about dwayne pride dwayne cashes. pride is his name. and they call him. king many names all. the [ __ ] scott paca you're talking about yeah. yeah yeah all right let's not get too. far into the ncis i think i think we should have a podcast. solely on ncis's and how rich mark harman. must be because he's producer forget. it uh but yeah anyway uh there's nothing more serious. than that except for maybe death. is up there i think death. is number two nc nola. is number one so this. woman is a has a very serious. question and also i know i hate to. say it but why don't you go. ahead and then i can okay. uh yeah i'm just going. to straight up like the bottom line. is that if that was you if the brother in that situation. was you i would always give you the money. that when you asked for it. no matter how many times people told me. not to i would i would really. probably not as as long. as i had the money i would probably. not be able to. not um do that so at what i understand. that completely because i feel the same. way but at what point. is she enabling his behavior. because there does become a point. if it look it. sounds like he's got a drug problem. if he died twice. and has a colorful drug history right. so i got the impression. that he did do drugs. in the past and now he's asking for money. for like uber rides and [ __ ] okay well that's different. then gas money that's what i'm saying. if somebody's trying to. get their [ __ ] together just cuz they're not like totally high functioning. adults yet if he's clean that's the big. cat if he's clean that's good. if he's clean you you should. keep helping him it. may be tough but also he has a job. right she says he gets off. work at 4:00. a.m. so he's obviously getting some sort of income. bartender you could be making very little money. you could be but you could also be making you could also be. pocketing a lot of cash and getting drugs so i'm saying like find out where he's spending his money i think if this is something that's been like a problem you got to. definitely get access to how. spending his money you know. if you're if you're giving them money. i think it's fair enough. to be like how are you spending this. money on yeah totally yeah. so i think that that's very important. because you could find out. something crazy like maybe he's got a gambling. problem or some [ __ ] i don't know this guy but but um you know he lives in a rough area town for now. but if he's got a job and he's working money make sure also if you have access to. how he's spending the money. you could help him. try and save [ __ ] you s you've got a great hat. on your shoulders yeah um but yeah that's a tough spot. to be in i don't know if i could ever. stop giving you money if you needed. it like i don't think so yeah. even if i really thought you were using it. on drugs i'd be like i don't i don't. know it's a hard that's a hard. tough it opens the question. of like what do you do. if you think you're enabling cu. like some people literally are just like a suck. for their family and friends. and like your behavior just ruins. people's lives and and you've got you know. you suffer from this. addiction or whatever it is and uh those people unfortunately some of those people need to. be cut off completely to. even learn their lesson or to. even hit a bottom but yeah it's tough man. you're in a tough position. cuz obviously you know. i mean it sounds like you have a family. that loves each other and this guy just you know. the teaching people a lesson. thing has always been hard. for me i don't it's like i almost i don't believe. in that yeah people learn. their own lessons you don't. you don't you don't have the power. to teach people a lesson. unless unless they're a child and you are it's parent. that's a pretty good point. actually i just i understand. the mentality behind it i. don't know if that's a thing though. yeah like i don't know if i believe in that. as an actual thing well i guess. less than that and more you're going. you know the guy's not going. to be able to. learn a lesson unless he can access the point. of his lowest so he can be forced to. learn it i mean it's not really like you're teaching them. a lesson right. but like you're not enabling them. anymore and i'm not saying this. is what you're going. through cuz he sounds like he's clean now. but you know yeah that that ultimately that's the end. that's the end of the advice. really the question for us. from us is is he still using or is. he sober now if he's sober. now keep giving him. [ __ ] gas money the guy's trying trying. hard if he's not sober. then maybe do this your parents also it's [ __ ] hard dude to. to like to get out. of this hole and get out. of a you know getting a job. is [ __ ] hard getting back on your feet. is hard getting on your feet. is hard it's all [ __ ] hard man so i think that if you have the stuff. to give and it's family. then you give it i i think that that's great. you're being you you you seem like it's it's great. to you know sorry. about the situation but you know. it's nice to. start the year off with something very very touching that you you. obviously have a big heart. and for that i [music]. sayh so yeah absolutely absolutely now. what was the thing i said it's the year. of the what bing bong. oh yeah see i already forgot. but why you here to. remind me okay so to. you stop moving to i'm moving. to you young lady. i say the bing bong. it's the year of the bing bong. and that's what it's going. to be i don't think i like that. honestly oh too [ __ ] bad okay i i the pimp pipin thing. is fine i like that. oh now you like it but the bing bong. thing yeah the pimp pipin thing. grew on me okay well maybe the bing bong. will uh what about what about. the you know i like p. i've always like p yeah but the it's kind of it's all. right okay all right. you know losing your mind. uh yeah so i don't know. i feel yeah that's what that's our. advice yeah it's he clean. then keep helping if he's not maybe stop helping yeah. great let's go another. one so serious matt. chris oh my god i got a problem. man uh in the last week. i'll be in the living room. or the kitchen i hear my bed. squeaking like there's some [ __ ] going on in there i'm not in there so i go to. investigate come to find out. there is [ __ ] going on wow. [ __ ] my pillow. this so i'm curious you know is he mad. at me is this out. of out of love. or what man i don't. know if y'all are dog. experts but i'm desperate for answers. man thank you guys for all. the free content love y'all. thanks buddy appreciate you. got some steely blue. eyes huh he's character. he's an alluring kind of character. gu he is uh so your dog's [ __ ] your rabidly [ __ ] your pillow. well you add it rabidly but yeah he's probably. not doing when he leaves. the room the dog runs in and [ __ ] his pillow. that's hilarious dude that is hilarious. all i would say to. you is get that on video. and go viral dude. because other than that. i don't know if there's much you can do besides oh. yeah that's right close. your door dude our advice is literally. [ __ ] door yeah there you go is it normal. that's totally normal we had a [ __ ] dog when we were kids. it would uh oh hump our legs. hump the legs of but particular groups. of people more likely than others. what yeah uh uh girls like girls. i would invite over when i was like 13. or 14 and mexican men no yeah. dude oh my god our dog. had a kink too. for mexican men well yeah. and [ __ ] young oh dude dude when the dog came over i was like oh my god that's when he leaves when he leaves the dog from the back of the room wait a minute i'm not in there that's what he go i i get it hold up i'm not in there and noises coming from there and the dock the dog yeah the dog can't stop it can't stop it the dog just like this with the pillow. dude i feel like uh your dog's trying to. assert dominance either way. in a sneaky way which is. the worst dude close the door. dude close the door but also you don't you. want to you don't want. to necessarily physically stop the dog from doing. it you want the dog. you want mentally stop the dog. from doing it you want. to use your mind. you want to. professor x this situation this guy's trying to. brute force it you know he's closing doors and [ __ ] no you want the dog to. understand so when he does that you [ __ ] his chew. toys take his little [ __ ] bone be put it in put it in your butt. dude oh yeah his dog. would love that bad for him. twice his dog the dog. would smell like the owner. the dog would just eat the but it. would probably stop humping the the thing. and then would just eat the bone. because it had the owner. [ __ ] over you're creating. a circle of disgustingness though. all you got to. do is close the door also him. doing it behind your back. i don't know if it's dominance. you think it's dominance. you think it's sneakily [ __ ] oh yeah weird it's just like a weird. unless the dog is really smart. and the dog's like dude. this owner thinks he is. the the top dog but really i'm the top. dog when he leaves. i'm going to i'm going. to bust all over. his pillow and he's going. to have to. sleep on it right. what if the dog actually like [ __ ] all over pillows and you know that' be well unless if he's not neutered it may be possible oh yeah i guess i didn't think about that yeah if he's not neutered neuter your dog first of all second of all close the door yeah both of those things at once yeah so i jiz so you know i call in man i wake up dog dog jizzes on my cheek yeah no um yeah bro your dog's your dog's dogs you're honestly you're losing this battle yeah your dog's quite the character. but close the door yeah. but you're losing this battle. and you're going to. lose this battle and if you close the door i feel like honestly it's you're mentally. losing the battle you're physically. winning but okay fine you're just you're basically. winning because you winning. because you have thumbs. and your dog doesn't well. dude use them to. your advantage understand of all. time yeah you want to. professor x's situation though. dude it's much better. because then the dog will behave better in a real. in the whole for everything. well let's well how about this experiment this way. try closing the door mhm. then take another video and let us know. what happens your pillow. be getting other stuff. uhuh then we got a real problem. like if he's like oh well he's going to. close the door to. the bathroom just scratching on the the i'm just going. to go like [ __ ] fill my butthole with toilet. paper or something you know. what i mean you know. weird the dog yeah the scratching on the bedroom. door with his lipstick. out just come on man i need that below like a junkie um all right his red rocket. yeah with yeah lipstick red rocket. same thing okay well lipsticks grosser yeah. of course yeah red rocket. is i mean you know. red rocket is like more playful. lip cl cuz you put on. your mouth exactly right. but i don't because i'm guy. but you know yeah you think of think taking a dog. and putting the lipstick all over. the you oh my god where'd. you put the lipstick it's under the dog. again uh all right. so my question today is i'm 19. years old i'm a sophomore. going in college i'm currently. going to a party. that guy's 19 years. old hiding from michael myers. the [ __ ] most chill halloween. the most chill he's 19. yeah but what's the matter you. think he looks older. he looks 35 that guy looks like he's got two. kids come on dude. bro the guy look at his face. he doesn't look that old. dude in the in the pool. with the hand he gets sidetracked dinging. yeah dude just got sidetracked dude. okay that was sick is. a lot of fun i love it. uh i met some great. dudes there we all getting a house. next year i mean. they're genuinely some of my best. friends even though i've only known. them for a year uh careerwise. though a degree from this. school isn't going to. cut it so i need to. transfer to you know. a better school. um and i found one that i'm able. to get into i meet the requirements. so the plan is to. transfer there my junior year. and uh that's going to. suck so i'll be leaving. all my best friends. and so i just need some advice. on how to. make sure i stay steady. on that and myself and them. don't kind of change my mind. and persuade me to. stay cu it would be more. fun and easier to. stay with them but i need to. go so advice on that please okay. when you're 19 now. doesn't matter at all have fun. don't have fun who the [ __ ] cares you're 19. nothing matters what does matter isis. no what does matter is. your future so if you going to. this better school means a way. better future for you it's a [ __ ] nobrainer how many an no matter no number of [ __ ] ksts can change your mind. about that [ __ ] there you go d you got your friends you make more friends don't worry about that. you're gna make friends. wherever you go so he's basically. saying should he go. to this school to. and leave how do i how do i leave temptation at the door. and continue with my plans. to go to this school. and make sure my friends. don't convince me to. stay and let my mind sort of fall. back into this place. of i'm going to. stay at this school. because it's more fun and easier and that's it. temptation you got to. get away from temptation and you got to. absolutely uh do the school. yeah but you know. it's just like uh give up. you know whatever well you know. it's like he's got to. give up that's why it. was a micro to. the macro it's like did you just got to. give up on this party. left the guy's taken the [ __ ] video literally from a pool he's hiding from his friends m you know he's like i got to. hide my friend from my friends. to do this video they're inside. they're doing cake stands getting. sucked off dude hey should i go. to school but i'm having so much. fun my boner just went. down you know what i mean. for first time in a few days. yeah so i don't know i i uh you the good. thing about friends in college. you're not going to. be friends with them for in three years. anyway oh yeah you know you might be like carry. on with them you might be in a text. message group with them. but it's like dude people change people grow. apart your friends are going to. do it to. you so you do it. first and look out for your future. before your friends can look out for theirs. yes dude sometimes it comes comes. in clutch i honestly tuned out. a little bit but that's rude. that was probably good advice. that's rude but it's good. dude it's good and uh and i i i i hope. you figure out your future. dude you're only 19. even though you're 35 and i feel like you'll you know by the time. you're the age that you look. you'll have everything figured out. oh yeah and you have a bunch of new friends. and you'll be swimmingly in your career. no pun intended because you're in the pool. when you're 35 for real you have a hard. time remembering what those friends. even look like ding ding. the whole movie the mov wait. is that him getting. sidetracked after he killed somebody yeah. he killed someone the guy died. and then he saw the the floating. device yeah and he laid. in and then laid in. it and it's so hard. to get on you know how [ __ ] is it trying. to get into a floating. device yeah how do you even do it dude you can't do it and not be [ __ ] no there's no way jason m do it be a [ __ ] the only way to. do it is to. jump on it from outside the pool but even still that's [ __ ] you're going to. hurt your balls yeah maybe you run the risk. you run the risk of hurting. your balls so it's like either. do you be [ __ ] or do you run the risk. of hurting your balls. what would you pick i'd. choose be [ __ ] who's around. don't matter i choose. be a [ __ ] yeah i guess choose to. be a [ __ ] you can't hurt. the balls yeah [ __ ] yeah you can't hurt. the ball dude you can't. hurt the baby makers right. bro dude baby makers that's so [ __ ] stupid dinging ding. ding guy looking at him grilling. all right cool the bit's. done um you keep going until. it you know my question. is to you guys. has i've been in a relationship that's getting. pretty serious and it's made my best. friend go away uh he basically called me a s and a [ __ ] and uh said i don't have time for him now which makes us sound like we're married. which is ridiculous so uh i wanted. to know it's giv me. a lot of anxiety wondering. when he's going to. text or if he's just going. away forever or if it even matters. was he really my friend what should i do. thank you guys i mean. michael machine's guy dude. remember it does mach is not the real. thing that is pathetic i don't know it's so weird. bro when guys get like that. about their friends who have [ __ ] found happiness with a partner like dude. what kind of [ __ ] selfish. prick is this guy yeah i don't get dudes that do that [ __ ] nei i don't get dudes that get their feelings hurt. with like this is the same. type of dude that's like oh man. you know you guys went. and and and went to. the baseball game and didn't invite me dude. you don't need to. invite everybody to everywhere. i know i've said this. before but like i don't understand. dudes that get their feelings hurt. by other dudes about this kind of it's you know it's this guy's just living his life he's not doing anything outwardly. to this other buddy. it's also he's living his life. and good things are happening. he met someone he loved yeah. it's good this dude if he was a real friend. he'd be happy he want. you know what he wants. he wants to. pull you down so he can be miserable with you. he wants to. commiserate with you he wants. a commiserating buddy that's what he wants. well among other things yeah also doesn't. want his friend to. be happier than he is. that's [ __ ] cuz he's then he would be miserable and then you could be miser with me. i don't like that [ __ ] i don't if you get a girl or get a boy or whatever. the [ __ ] it is and then that their friends are like you don't hang out anymore. that's what life is supposed. to be dude i'm not going. to make a baby. with you bro yeah i'm trying to. live my life i'm trying. to have a family mh. adopt a kid with me then dude yeah i mean it's pretty mindboggling when when people get like this it's like well we're just friends mhm this is my potential life partner like what are you talking about i know what you do. next time you see the dude. you go like this oh what what. are you backing away. for we're in a relationship and the guy. says no we're not and he says then why are you upset. i'm in one dude yeah yeah yeah yeah you know. what i mean i kiss people. i'm in a relationship with bro. yeah yeah yeah yeah i mean you could you could just text. him and be like dude. are you really doing this. like what is wrong with you. or as you suggested just [ __ ] live with it let it go who cares sucks. dude yeah the sorry. i know it does suck. and you know you got to. figure it out yourself but let's let's put it this. way most relationships end so yeah. your buddy's probably right. about like you know but still he's you got to. figure that out for yourself. i'm just playing devil's advocate. here oh yeah remember that. movie how could i forget oh. i'm the devil oh yeah. having sex oh i'm the devil. devil having sex all right oh hey guys i have a quick question today on whether or not i should drop this friend she's been my oldest friend since elementary school. but recently i've been feeling. like she doesn't talk to. me about anything positive it's always about her. negative relationships or when she's going. through breakups um she'll go months. on end without talking to. me when she's in a happy relationship. and she never asks me. how i'm doing so i feel like i don't want her. kind of rel like energy. in my life anymore. but i don't know if that's a petty reason. to stop being friends with somebody different. though like talk about me. you never ask me. how i'm doing i don't know. if that's petty enough to. be like i don't want to. be friends with you anymore. but i just feel like she never wants. to see me be successful. um she only wants to. talk about herself so should i drop her how do i do that. it's it's hard because i still love. her and we have a lot. of history together um it's been hard. trying to figure it out. so i appreciate it. thanks so what's the difference. between this one news flash. not all of your friends. want you to be happy. they want you to. be like them i'll do you one. more but the different you asked. a question the difference between these two videos is the one. wasn't like [ __ ] you i'm out of this friendship she was just in this instance she's her friend is like complaining to. her like why don't we ever. talk about me or or whatever the [ __ ] okay she's not like i'm out of here i'm not your friend anymore. okay this girl's wondering if she should be the one that just ghosts. on her friend oh so it's like the opposite. yeah the inverse yeah. uh i you know i also think i'm going. to do you one. more you not all your friends. want what's best for you. honestly most of your friends are probably secretly your enemy. yes dude you know how close an enemy. is to a friend. one move away one. move you learn somebody's your enemy. real quick dude and they're doing you a favor. so maybe this is the thing. man people don't want you to. be happy friends people don't want you to. be happy enemies definitely don't want. you to be happy. friends probably are your enemy. so they definitely don't want. you to be happy. there's a there's a thing though. friend the when when you realize who your friends. really are are times like this. there are friends who will be happy. for you because you found someone and then it's like oh [ __ ] yeah mike is in such a good relationship. he was buming for so long. but i'm so happy to. see him in in having a good. time with this new girl uh then there's the version of the friend. that's like [ __ ] mike's always hanging out with his chick. dude like what do you mean. dude yeah he is of course. he is what the [ __ ] else. he going to do hang out. with your [ __ ] smelly ass i think what you should do is honestly. and thought about this before. having zero friends and every year at the end. of the year you pay. people in your life a nominal fee. this way technically you can say. that you're they're working for you. and whenever they do [ __ ] like this you go you don't get paid this year. but you don't have friends. i'm giving everyone a 20. i know at the end. of next year 2023 i'm starting. it with this year it's january. 1 i'm paying everyone i know that's even close to. like kind of a friend they're all getting the maybe. a 10 or if there's many people but man. and then it's not enough. it's not enough to. make a difference do you know. what i mean you got to. make it like $400 $500. no but no why cu otherwise. what's 10 bucks who gives a [ __ ] i know but then technically they're an employee. of mine uhhuh is what i'm saying. and then if they backstab. me or if they start. to wish me harm. or not be hold their. their weight i don't pay them. that year and then they go. like this but what and i say we're not friends. you just don't work for me. anymore yeah right. right that's awesome dude. [ __ ] yeah we figure [ __ ] out it's a lot of like yeah i don't know i got to. go to the bank. between christmas and new year's. and get a bunch of teners teners you. know so english and then just here you. go here you go to. people that i talk to. anyone that i talk to. like more than five times. that year otherwise you don't. get paid they're not a friend. or anything but like you know. okay sounds honest sounds complicated. it is complicated but your heart. feels way better i don't know and it's about business right it's about business okay okay i think that that's great why wish somebody i got to. do that you not must i somebody. who's really rich should do that. here's the thing [ __ ] anyone who says they're a friend and then tries to. tell you you don't spend enough. time with them because you're always with your partner. who you love and want. to share your life. with okay only friends who are happy. for you this is this. that's kids [ __ ] we're adults. now yep okay okay good we figured it out. next one i've got a question. regarding a mate of mine. and my friend group who has a problem. with drinking um can't seem to. go out without having getting. to the point where it's really. like does black out drunk. oh god making mistakes. for example vomiting all over. my girlfriend's dinner counter oh god. and just at at a party. so embarrassing himself but also embarrassing us. but mainly himself and he will get emotional leave. the party just ruins. his time and obviously me and my friend. group want him to. come out but we also don't want to. have the burden of looking after someone. who looks to us for him. for us to. look after him while he's out. which we shouldn't have. to but it seems like we have to. for him to actually have a good. night and also for us. to not have to. look after someone like that um cu. yeah we want him to. come out and have a good time. but it's too difficult. at times so my question. is how do you help. someone like that you know. have a good time. drink the right amount with actually. knowing the limit without going. overboard um yeah love you both. love the podcast thanks have a good. one um i have a friend like this. and i i kind of stopped hanging out. with him yeah he can't. he he can't he doesn't know. the limit if he does he doesn't keep it. in mind it sucks. but it's a disease and this is how it affects you. you know but i think no i see. i mean if he's as good a friend. as this guy says he is he should talk to. him about it yeah see how open he is to. actually trying to change and if he gets really defensive. then it's like well i don't know if we can go. out with you anymore. man [ __ ] nuisance and we got to. babysit you yeah but if he's like oh no. it's kind of a problem isn't. it and then you go with him. and help him yeah you know. but the bottom line is one or the other though. he shouldn't be going out with you anymore. yeah well if he takes the help. then he won't be doing that. either i have a buddy that i've talked to. about it a little bit. not tooo much you know but like he has a drinking. problem and we just kind of stopped hanging out uh uh as much as we used to. because it just is like it's just too. hard it's just too you know. he'll like corner you and [ __ ] for 10 minutes. and talk about something you know. and you're just like oh well it's not that. bad not like but he's no. no no no no no this guy's got a light. problem but i mean if you have a [ __ ] big problem you know i don't know it sucks too because the behavior you learn is something you do over and over again and then it's a cyc and it's like not only are you addicted to. the actual substance but but you're addicted to. the actual uh motion and idea of going. to the bar and ordering a. drink you know you need to. unlearn that behavior you know. it's a it's a it's a tough uh it's a tough spot. to be in but uh yeah. it sounds like this guy's really. conflicted i think that you. got to i mean. just you got to. say look dude yeah exactly what matt. says we can't invite you out. anymore we got to. take care of you. it's not fun for us. we don't want to. do it you know and i'm sorry. to say it i'm here. to help you if you want. but if not we're just going. to we got to. go cuz we can get crun without. p you know throwing up. all over my girlfriend's. table but you you're the guy. who throws who up. chucks on the island you can't. seem him to. do that can you so yeah. yeah yeah i don't know. man that's a tough one. addiction is real it's hard. to make jokes about it. because uh you know i know a lot. of people with it this. is not that funny and i also have it. so uh but it's uh i feel for your friend yeah and so do you and that's totally normal. but you know you got to. [ __ ] give him the straight talk give him a chance to. change at least all right what's going. on matt and chris matt. i don't know which is better. that that's my question. which one which should i say. first no but my question is w. feeling out the crowd as i'm 25. feeling the crowd out and i work. as a plumber and i'm a third. year which means i'm one. year away from getting my license. to the state and i get a big. pay increase oh yeah. but i had this predicament. in my head that i started. thinking about i'm like is this. really what i want to. be doing you know cuz i had human. [ __ ] on my clothes and hands like is this. really what i want what i want. to be doing can't speak and it got me. to thinking i'm like i don't know. what my dream job would be if i could choose. one and i just felt kind of lost. and i guess i never really thought about that. s deeper but i was just wondering how to. go about combating the fact. that i don't know what to. do with my life and i feel kind of lost. and uh i guess that's it. all right thanks wow imagine not. knowing what you want to. do for the rest of your life. while also getting human. [ __ ] all over you here's the thing here's the thing. it we have all been lied. to since we were kids. here we go we are. told follow your passion [ __ ] do you know how few people have a passion yeah some people don't even. have people feel like they're lacking cuz most. people don't have a they have what is called. a job right because they don't have this inner deeper drive. to do something extremely specific. it's just like they want to. [ __ ] make enough money to. have sometimes have a family sometimes. just support themselves whatever everybody wants to. do their own thing but like the the the lie. is that you're expected to. have a passion that is false. it makes people it makes people feel like this. guy where it's like oh i don't know what my passion. is i don't know dude. that's [ __ ] fine do something that you're really good. at make a lot of money. at it and wait to. see what your [ __ ] passion is make a lot of money. being a plumber and then maybe when you're 40 you'll realize oh you know what i really [ __ ] love uh fishing by then you'll have a [ __ ] enough money to. buy yourself a sick boat. sick fishing rods and you'll have a [ __ ] life where you're not only making money at your job. the thing that you're very good. at which also makes you feel good. and reinforces all that [ __ ] but you also have now have your passion wow that's rush to. be have a passion yeah don't rush your passion. don't rush to. figure out your passion. you're only going to. [ __ ] it up and don't feel like you need to. have one you don't do. whatever you're good at until. you know what your passion. is it's perfectly fine. to just have a job. and work that job and work to. live and then in the fourth. year start making a lot. of money and then you know. this whole what's my passion you'll figure it out. and if you don't it's also okay. yeah right yeah especially if you could do something. like go to trade. school or become a it's a steady. [ __ ] income you can make a [ __ ] ton of money and trade. schools are lacking right. now dude go [ __ ] dude make bank at some in some union job. like that and do that. for years and years and then a passion will come to. you and when it does you'll. have like [ __ ] $400,000 in the bank. or whatever the [ __ ] you know that's a lot but yeah i maybe if you're were anything like me you will you know i you don't do a trade school. i'm a [ __ ] plumber you are i do hvac. stuff no and i make $400,000 a year at it. okay i think maybe you don't do. any of those things but uh okay yeah i feel like uh you're right. about that people say. that's like that whole you. can do whatever you put your mind. to i don't like any of that. [ __ ] can't yeah i don't like any of that [ __ ] it's a lie any of that any of that those posters. you can buy with like a whale. tail on it that's like perseverance. get the [ __ ] out of here. with that [ __ ] go to. work get [ __ ] on you legit literally. get [ __ ] on you and then buy a boat when you're 40 yeah that's what that should say get [ __ ] on buy a boat when you're 40 yeah yeah and have it bald. eagle just like yeah totally unrelated. image yeah yeah there you go. there was a store in the mall. called reflections that would have. that it was called. reflections and that they would. all sell those posters. i wonder if those [ __ ] things are still in business. now because of the internet i bet. they're like $450 per. now those posters what were they uh what do you mean. you said they sold post. right yeah but do they have them. anymore motivational posters yeah the motivational posters. i bet those are expensive. now is what i'm saying. yeah like the og ones. because everything like toys you just make one though. oh you think they're newly. printed then they're look walk to. talk look at these yep. excellence with the fish. jumping what is it called. well the fish didn't even. do that you know that's such photoshop what's it. say excellence and then what's the thing. that it says under it. it always says something extra see now you should go. back you should go back. right cuz it said it. and he went too forward. it said it what. does it say yeah. read it just say it. it says the will to. win the desire to. succeed the urge to. reach your full potential these are all. the keys that will unlock the de deer. the door to. personal excellence oh oh it's a no [ __ ] bomb that is so long like that's words basically posters. that's oh look at the teamwork one look how long it. is wow what's this. one say the glacier with the [ __ ] more glacier under it you know always a glacier well make it bigger oh wow go to. make it bigger make them. hd dude make it bigger. pinch it you know pinch. it there we go. what does it say 10. iconic motivational posters it says teamwork is the ability. to work together toward a common. vision the ability to. direct individual accomplishment toward organizational objectives i mean. robot it is the full wait oh sorry. it is the fuel. the allows common people to. attain uncommon results wow and then guys are just in a [ __ ] canoe that is just you know not what do you call those [ __ ] guys are just [ __ ] 10 dudes in a canoe just doing teamwork well they needed an image to. support what they were saying. i if i had that if i saw that. poster and i and i did. the rowing i would row. the other way i'd get so pissed. off and i'd be like this is nothing what's this. one above and beyond look. at this [ __ ] when it when a team. of dedicated individuals makes a commitment. to act as one the sky. the limit unreal that's the same. as the last one. they're all the same dude. you buy this [ __ ] for what walk to. walk with the penguins on the beach. dude penguins don't even go there. walk to talk take the initiative. and lead the way. you can make the difference. [ __ ] that's such [ __ ] dude. that's something that like oh look. at this some people dream. of success while others wake up. and work hard at it. and it's a golf. course that's so funny. just think of working hard. at success like you know. russians make this and then sell it. they they [ __ ] uh farm it out look at this. these guys got the backwards way. of life rope in a white. a bicycle up a rope. make it happen there is no. challenge too great. for those who have the will and heart. to make it happen. i mean make it happen. is already in it. that is just a fact yeah. there is no challenge too great. for those who have the will and heart. to make it happen. what is making it happen. dude ahag and then a picture of a guy. climbing a rope also holding on to. a bicy dude nothing has been more swedish. than this whole thing what what is. his what is the activity. dude that is unbeliev youth. euthanised kill yourself if you are feeling pain dr. goran enthusiasm passion creates energy strike out. with joy what the [ __ ] the choice. of words strike out with joy. and exhilaration and others are sure. to join you how annoying. is somebody who believes that i mean. of course you understand. what customer service is this. a joke no see. here's the thing they're all [ __ ] capitalist things underneath this. one's just naked dude. just like admitting what it. is yeah yeah yeah what does. it say this i mean michael read. that this sea of change can pull customers in many directions. it is our responsibility to. light the way and take care. of them before the competition. done this is definitely like when they already. sold and exhausted the fan. base and was like they sold a bunch of the real ones and they were like and some guy was just like customer service and they're like what we [ __ ] we going to. do with customer service we go to. see a change okay we'll be good for business. let's try it let's run. it we'll do one. we'll run mock it up. mock it up commitment extraordinary. energy concentrated power and sheer will this. is the potent mix required to. break barriers and reach the pinnacle. of success the whole recipe of these things sucks. balls dude it's just a vague. image and then a word. with like kind of the definition. of that word underneath dude. go go collaborate dude collaborate to. stand apart from the competition. you must first stand together. as a team and then just a bunch of trees. trees together yeah dude the [ __ ] g dude also they didn't go out and take these pictures they literally bought they're all stock images yeah wow this is before the internet this [ __ ] popped off dude yeah people like in like altadena like like hung these up in their in their [ __ ] dentist office you know oh definitely summer school classroom yeah dude a dentist sat class in a church dude in the back building of a church i have one of these just commitment yeah you know what my new year's resolution is commitment mine is success and mine is customer service mine is customer service and teamwork and teamwork yeah um all right well we're [ __ ] done right you guys look i'm going to. be in san diego i'll see you next. weekend san diego i'll see you next weekend. san diego see you next. weekend seattle i'll see you the next one. portland see the next one. um and uh oa california. forgot about that when i'm doing. the club there lakeland jacksonville. daytona san antonio sugarland texas you know. a bunch of them columbus ohio. midland texas austin texas. tulsa kansas city chicago. new york providence crystal lea dot com. get your tickets you want uh one on one. uh oneonone advice sessions with. me yours trully matalia the king. of the bing bang uh go. to mata dot com. and book those get [ __ ] done. together if you have a submission have a question for us need advice click the link. in the description below or go. to watch lifeline dot com and when you need the merch. which my brother's wearing uh right. now now he's wearing the black hoodie. which is bing bong uh go to. lifeline merch dot com. also it's cold you know you need to. get your yeah truly yep. it's crazy right yeah it's crazy. all right guys thanks remember it's the year. of the bing bong right. so many noises [music] helloo. hello hello hello hello hello 