 [music] runk hey welcome to. episode 389 of [music]. congratulations [music] congratulations dude i i actually wasn't sure with how dumb everyone was getting but i figured out how dumb everyone was getting. i see this thing about the uh uh uh house. of dragon actor fabian frankle first of all. fabian frankle so i get why they think he's a a real character. because if that's the actor's name fabian. frankle that would be a name. in that like you know. it would actually be a name. in in the house of dragons. we need to speak to. fabian frankle but um i have a thing where it's like don't uh name your don't have a name with with two. of the the same first. letters first and last name. and uh he plays kristen. cole which is cc. so he he's typ. cast with the he's ff and then cc. but anyway apparently he's so good at his job. house of dragons season. 2 uh and like i i you. know i get this i i didn't know that. people could actually be that. dumb to really think like. not not that they think that this. is a real guy like i know. they don't think that i know. they don't think that he's really out. there flying on dragons. and i mean look maybe completely bonkers. people do but um he people have been harassing him. online uh that he had to. limit comments on his recent. posts because of how you know and look it's a it's a it's an actual um in a way. a compliment because he's that. good i guess i don't know. but uh it's weird people just i hate you. on his comments man. i hope someone jumps. this guy you know. inciting violence uh uh i hate you. kristen dude if this was happening. to me i would go. n i would have to. i would have to. never go online ever. again uh where were you. where were when where were you. where jez where were you. when air to. the throne was murdered you. know like hey in my trailer. dude where was i uh at craft. service putting uh spread on my bagel. i don't i i i knew we were i knew. we were dumb but co. dude this is just one of those come on guys. come on like imagine see because that's the other thing. too this is how you this. is how you know. the internet isn't real it's like you go. to you see this. guy out nobody's going. to be like there he is dude. there's that guy oh he's not wearing his armor. oh lucky us let's go. kick his ass right. now hey where's your dragon. but hold on his dragon. might be close by hey dude what's up. hey hey buddy what's up. oh look who it is where were you. where were you i hate you. how'd you go from being the most like character. and becoming the worst character. in go history huh and you know. sorry i'm not actually kristen cole. i'm fabian franco good enough. you still have the same. first two letters in the we don't like that. um my favorite comment is i hate you. kristen also kristen c r. i s o n you know. got to always be different. these shows um but anyway uh that's where we're at you know. and everyone's talking about the debate. but honestly that's where we're at this. should be the thing that cnn. is covering this should be the thing. that fox news is covering um you know. we saw the debate. and it was you know. was was was what it was uh and um i don't you. know i i don't i know what the thing. everyone's talking about i just don't even. it's all so wild. and sad it's actually sad. because he's 80 going. to be 86 or he's he's 82. right and the other one is 78. i think how about this they're both. just too old just there. should be a cap on. presidency there should be an there's an age limit 35 why. isn't there an age limit 70. why why is it what is. it all these congress these. people are just going to. be you shouldn't be able. to do your thing until you die. there has to. be you know dude when movies. end they don't end at the end. of the conflict conflict there's a d. numa okay there's a d. numa in life you can't. just be a dude if you're yeah. pass that bill yeah yeah i vote. for that bill that's wrong. you you you shouldn't be able. to do your job. up until you die. the only thing you should be doing up. until you die is breathing. there should always be faculty. testing for everyone throw a ball. at him can he catch it nope. he's out whoever it is i don't care. if you're the president. or an uber driver you're out. oh we fumbled it you're out. you get one more chance pick it. up can you do that. nope you're out did he pick it. up all right we'll give him. another year right but it's like look. there's been presidents that have been sick. in the past and and and also people have been you know. the the public has been it's been covered. up for the public for the american. people so we don't know. uh yeah okay that's fine. but also do a better job. then do a better job. i if if i'm not going to. know i'm not going to. know i'm not going to. secretly know in the back. of my mind oh what's going. on here dude make me. not know put out a dude. in a in an actual f. make tom cruz with this have him be biden um it's all sad. dude because it's not even his fault. it's like people are giving him. such you know they're hating. on him and it's like just guys. he getting old it's all. going to happen. to all of us man. um yeah i don't know. man it's uh it's a wild. thing and i you know. i don't get political on. this podcast too much because i want to. talk about bacon and pants. but it's just wild dude. last episode was pretty fun. actually i was i really f. it felt like i was spiraling. but it was actually really nice um i got a lot. of good response on it. i don't look at the comments. too much but uh i got a lot. of good response on my last. episode here and congratulations. so operation do it to. him in full effect. um i was i woke my i went to. i did a show last night. at the laugh factory had fun. you know it's cool. because i was the guest. uh special guest and i love and so i did. so it was there were a bunch of people on the show. matt r uh amir k just killers right. denny was on it denny. love who comes with me. on the road eliza and uh others. and um it was sold out. and they all killed and i had to. go i was go i said just put me last i. just i don't care so. i went last you know. cuz comics are always like especially if they got egos. they're like i want to. go sex i want to. go third i want to. go first i want to. go whatever and i don't even really care that much. plus i like when things are hard. for me so it's like just put me. up at the end uh and i did. and and i'm happy with my set. so yes dude i'm happy. with my set because they it wasn't my they weren't. my fans necessarily and it worked. out yes dude and i went last which is the hard. spot yes dude uh i win. i win in my head. and so um anyway it's all we're all battling. a war in our. heads and that's that's what's that. was that was what was in my head. last night so it's all good. and um got back late. because i was the last one. up and it was a late. show got back late and at 1. a.m. i put this on my instagram. st instagram story but my wife. was like at 1:00. a.m. she she she she texts me. from the bedroom and i'm downstairs. watching uh uh world's worst. roommate what's that new thing. on netflix world's worst. roommate but whatever roommate from hell. you know whatever it is it's whatever. it is they've made nine different. shows like it and it's always good and you turn it on and you're just immediately sucked in you know what i mean. you're just immediately like oh wait. wait a minute like they'll turn it. on it'll go and then it'll just go the music. and then or it'll start. with something and that was why. you know she was is trying. to kill me and take my son. and you're like wait a minute. nightmare roommate you know whatever the hell it. is world's worst roommate world's. worst roommate and worst roommate. ever is what it is. right wow okay worst roommate ever. world war room mate and so um so i i turn it on and i'm i mean i am straight up sucked. right like i'm watching it. and i'm just getting sucked not. sexual sucked in i'm just watching world's worst. roommate and it's sucking me all right. and i go what makes this. better and immediately think cheerios now. i'm pissed because i don't think we have cheerios. so so i go i that this is my head. cheerios my [ __ ] son of a this is this is me oh hell yeah world's wor roommate wait a minute what's going on here wait you know. what's going to make this. better cheerios god damn it. we don't have cheerios well. i'll check i'll throw a hail. mary maybe we have cheerios we went i went into. the cupboard had had hyos even better. had honey o from trader joe's so i go oh what a delightful surprise so i poured one bowl two bowl three bowl four bowls of hy honey dude i'm eating watching world eating honey four bowls whole milk dude whole. milk all right get out. of here with the skim. get out of here with the almond. get out of here with the oat. whole milk or die. okay and i'm eating it. dude and i'm watching it. and i'm by myself i get the lights. how i want it. i get the volume how i want it. i turn the heat on hey it was it was 80. dees and i and i dude. i turned i turn i i loved. and i was just straight. up chilling i was. like a pig in [ __ ] dude. you know what i'm saying and i got text. huh 1 a.m. i look my wife. upstairs in the bedroom lazy but i look. at it but by the way. we have to take calvin. to the dentist tomorrow. um at 10:30 a.m. now. i am not a guy. who wakes up at any i dude. i sleep as you know. what i sleep as long. as i can i want i need at least. 10 or 11 hours. if i don't get it. that's fine but i want it. all right so if i got to. get up at 9:30 to. go take him to. the dentist at 10:30 i. i i i i actually i the first thought was wow i got to. get up early okay i wish i knew that. sooner maybe i would have went. to bed earlier and then i go. h look let me just start. off i know that that's not early. i get it but for me. it is okay i got home. at 1:00 a.m. i'm trying to. watch world wars roommate eat. four bowl i got four bowls. of honey o to. eat you know and uh so i'm watching the i'm watching the show. and i go oh [ __ ] i got to. wake up and i go actually. that's gonna be so fun. to take him to. the dentist and then i think wait a minute. that's weird i think it's going. to be fun to. take him to the dentist. that's funny because most people don't like going. to the dentist i said well. if i was going to. the dentist i probably wouldn't want. to go and then i go well. i don't actually mind. going to the dentist. but if i had to. go at 10:30 it. would bother me i'd like to. go to the dentist. at two and then i say well. oh man isn't it interesting. like if i if this was six years. ago before i had any kids. and if i had somebody if somebody had because i wouldn't made me an appointment. for a dentist off or sometimes. you get cocky you know. and the dentist you're at the dentist. office and they're like you're going. to need to. checkup in 6 months you. want to book it now and you're like yeah. sure and they're like all right. when you say i don't know what 6. months from now they say december. and you say all right. uh what do you have. open and they're like uh you want to. do december 12th um 8:30 a.m. and you're like. yeah yeah actually 6 months. away i could i could i could become a whole different. person by then yeah and then december. 11th comes and you go i'm a how come i don't know myself. dude well look at how dumb i i betrayed. myself you you know and and and as december come you it's always in the back. of your head you know. maybe not in june july. august but you're like i got that. dentist appointment at 8:30 a.m. i got to. really buckle down and start turning into. a different person because by december 12th i need to. be up and at him. by 8 because there's going to. be traffic and i need to. be in that chair face up. mouth open by 8 this. is gonna right so you do that. you get cocky so so i've done. that before where i've made an early. appointment and i and i go. um and i go and i get i'm always i wake up. and i go i should i wake up. dude this is me waking up. the day off bing [ __ ] son of a [ __ ] dude i wish i maybe i won't go [ __ ] it it's my my tee you know i mean just and i'm and i w i start the day bad okay so uh i'm taking back back by this cuz i'm like wow i'm actually excited now to. wake up and go to. the dentist because i get to. be with calvin and help. him cuz i think he's a little bit scared. now i still in the back. of my head go like this. we'll see we'll see tomorrow. this morning the dude. i do this thing where i play. a game in my mind. i go to bed. when i go to. bed i go and there's something that i need to. wake up for yo how am. i this crazy if there's something i need to. wake up for but it's not. for me okay specifically selfishly for. me like if i don't have to. wake up to go. do this podcast or that. podcast or another meeting or whatever. it is for me. only me okay i you know. and my wife is in charge of it. or something i share a bed. with her so in my head. i have this thing and i have to. admit this and i don't even want. to and i've never aditt this. i've never admitted this out loud. i don't set my alarm. because i go like this. i hope she said it. i hope she said it. otherwise guess what we're [ __ ] tomorrow and i go like i'm only hurting myself but i go i i i literally think like hope she set the alarm. not going to check not. going to set mine. hey we'll see hey she thinks we're going. to dentist at 10:30. okay we'll see i want to. go but we'll see i can't wait to. stick it to. her and be like well you didn't set. your alarm i do that. dude i do that. okay i admit i do that. and so sure enough you know. at whatever time it is. i go to look at uh. the time and it's 930 something. so she hit the alarm. you know our kids sleep. late by the way billy and calvin. sleep till uh honestly. 9:30 or 10: okay. it's awesome we've orchestrated that way. you can do what you want. when you're parents um so i get up. and i and i'm like i'm tired and i say. but it's going to. be fun at the dentist office. so i get up and i i'm like [ __ ] yeah let's do this. take him to the dentist's office. and he was like you want to. go he was like you want to. he was like are you both. going to come and i was like yeah. um i mean i'm going. to go and then she kristen. was like i'm not i'm not sure. if i'm going to. go and he's like yeah you both. can you both come with me. i was like whatever i i'll take him. if you want but we both went and dude. it was so cute. now i've already taken him. to the dentist and uh well i just got insecure. a little bit that i'm telling the story for too. long because i know i i but you know what dude. i don't care i hope. you're bored [ __ ] it and um i i just like i took him to. the dentist and he had to. get xrays oh dude. it was cute and he was and and she was like you guys got to. stand on the other side. of the wall so he couldn't see us. so i knew he was doing this. thing that where where she was. doing the xray in his mouth and he was doing like this. pushing away cuz she was like keep your hands. down you know i heard him. and then i looked over. and he was crying. and i'm like oh man. buddy it's all right i'm right. on the opp side of this. wall and he's got a chipped tooth. and he's got a uh a dead tooth because he [ __ ] keeps bonking his face so anyway um but it's gna be okay and it's all good and he did it. and so i'm very proud of him. hell yeah dude i love. it nothing is more fulfilling than being. a dad it's so crazy. it is so weird i used to. think i had it like i used. to be like my career. is very f fulfilling. i love going on stage. and like doing well and like figuring bits. out and making people laugh and doing this podcast and you know uh even designing new merch and stuff. i like to do it. and it's rewarding but like man. like be it it doesn't even. count when it comes to. being a dad he yes dude. he figured out to. of life what is it. but he figured it out. but what is it i don't know. i bet lebron james must feel [ __ ] amazing. dude because his kid. is gonna it got drafted. by the la lakers dude. is he uh gonna be playing with his kid. now forget it dude. honestly uh [ __ ] that's the most burry m a g. [ __ ] of all time man. hey i'm gonna dude. i'm gonna play i'm gonna be so goated that i'm going. to have my son grow. up be goated and play in the same uh time period. as me goated and also in the same. on the same team. goed and then also um in the same. game goated now is brony which is what they call him i don't know if that's br. why do they call him. bronny bronny br what's his real name bronny. le bronny james. okay anyway bronnie wahlberg and so he lebron his name is lebron yeah so conceited and so um i always think it's weird. when a kid when you name it like i named. my second son bill william and my dad's name is william. if i named him chris it's crazy. and so um hey dude you're already you're already. chris george foreman named all. his kids george weird. hey dude gonna have so many complexes so anyway. um hey is already george. here uh pretty funny though. honestly they did that i still want. to name my kid. vin diesel and um anyway uh it's just really cool. that he's going to. be playing with him and i thought about that. and that's wild and then i and i saw that. the lakers drafted him it was like the 55th. pick or whatever and then i saw lakers. drafted him and then i saw. and then i was like and then i looked over. calvin and i was like hey dude you should come. with me on stage. sometimes and he says oh yeah but i will not do that. it's too loud i was like all. right okay i guess i ain't. goated but we have we have we have years to. work on it but also he can do whatever he wants. so um it is what it. is i want my you know. it is weird though when like people want uh them. them to be uh uh when they want. their their kids to. do um a certain thing you know. like i don't care about uh. i want my i no i don't not care. about it i want. i want my kids to. be happy period like if that. if he was happy working as yeah. i mean there's a line look you know. like as as a cashier for you. know cvs then if if if if honestly he's truly happy. and that's what they want. to do then okay but if that's truly what you want. to do in life. i guess i suppose. it is kind of worth. examining like why but uh if they're happy. they're happy now look if he wants to. be a you know if it's like nobody says hey oh hey dude you know what i want. to be when i grow up. crack [ __ ] but like so if if if there is that thing where it's like dude i just want to. be a crack wh like if if if somebody is like you know what this is actually the life. for me sucking and injecting then that's a problem. okay you probably got deepseated issues. but um i just want them. to be happy i don't understand. the you know my son. will be my son will. be a lawyer my son. will be a doctor my son. will carry on this. you know legacy legacy's nothing dude. when you die you die. legacy ain't [ __ ] he said it um my australian tour. is coming up uh last chance to. get australian tickets perth. australia adelaide brisbane uh melbourne. uh sydney australia and ockland new zealand. coming up chris lea dot com. san diego i'll be in san diego. july 26th uh to the 27th. memphis tennessee dallas i got dates. coming up in witchita. kansas oxnard california macallen texas bowmont texas. peterboro ontario london ontario. duth minnesota for some. reason at the symphony hall. for some reason thunderbay ontario. for some reason at the thunderbay. community auditorium not a creative. title for some reason. lexington kentucky at the lexington opera house not a creative. title for some reason. birmingham alabama montgomery alabama. at the montgomery performing arts. center savvas mobile mobile alababama at the sagner center there we go at least there's a different one and fall uh uh uh south dakota i guess that's what that is the district i'll say i'll say turn it to. falcorn lorn what's that. san diego oh falcorn lorn you. did i thought san diego s sd san diego. everything was happening in my mind. right there nothing i said was out. loud and then i said everything. out loud and it was [ __ ] ruined everything so anyway that's all good i actually am having a um i got a haircut and and uh dude i i go you ever catch yourself being you so much you ever catch yourself being you to. the nth degree and then you go ah i [ __ ] [laughter] suck i got a haircut. and you know what i did. so here's what i i got this. new thing that i do dude. when i get a haircut. guess what i do oh first of all. i like i i i don't i don't love getting my haircut. okay it's fine i i it's fine. i don't hate it. all right i i don't like doing going. having to go do something. all right but whatever i went to. go get a hair cut i i i i don't like when i get it. cut too short now chris. well chris how do you how do you thwart that. right if you have someone you like i get it. they've been with you for a while. but if you have someone that you're going. to you don't really care. get haut you have to. be specific and they don't know you take say. take an inch off they end up taking an inch. and a half off that's too. much you look bad for for two. weeks and you get your hair. you know your hair hasn't grown in yet. the way you want it. to be so you got that. bad level of hair right which is the freshly just cut level and you look like you know someone who just like a a just purchased chia pet you know and so i do this. thing where i i said and i said it. to my hair cutter last time. who's awesome she's awesome uh and and i and i said you. know what dude and i started doing. this months ago. i said don't don't cut off. too much i'll come in more often dude. he figured it out. i'll come in more often and just trim. lassie figured it out dude. i'll just hey if i if it gets too. if it gets too. [applause] long it won't because i'm just going. to come in more often i'm goingon to. you know what i'm going. to come in i'm going. to come in for a [ __ ] shape [music]. up buk my head on. the back wall but if you the if you go and leave it too too long. you're going to start. looking like an [ __ ] and then get what then guess what you get you. get that you get the pictures. from a long time. ago you go why was my hair. like that [ __ ] man so now i go more often got my hair cut the other day. and the day i got it. cut it was absolutely [ __ ]. handsome so i figured it out. dude and i'm only 44. so i figured it out. young and so now i get home. all right and i'm looking in the mirror. and i don't i have to. be honest with you guys. and i know you guys probably. don't think this is true. and you probably this this. is probably something that if you are a if you are someone. that's listened to. this podcast or or or a fan. of crystalia or even at the it. doesn't matter how big of a fan. you are of mine or little of a. fan you are if you know. who i am i bet. most people would say oh he probably. looks in the mirror all the time. and i would say i probably look in the mirror. on like take a sliding. scale god his [ __ ] is so good um out of 100% of pe like if the if the guy look in the mirror all the time the guy who looks in the mirror the most at more that more at anybody podcast is good uh guy who work looks in podast all the time he's 100% okay guy who has barely ever seen himself. the mirror he's a 2% you know i would say i i look in the mirror. probably probably probably it used to. be i would say 22. 23% of humanity that's how much i look in the mirror. 22 23% of of men in humanity. okay let's take it. take it to. gender because women look more you know. they got to do their makeup. and all that [ __ ] uh and so i don't really look in the mirror. all that much but dude. this this i kept on catching you know. what dude i'll be god god darn it. i kept on catching myself. in the mirror why because the cut was fantastic. why because the cut made so much sense. why cuz it was shaped. nicely why because it was like he had this chia pet for a week. and a half why dude. you just looked at my head. and you went oh like the end. of a movie it was just nice. all right so i'm walking. around with this cut with this. confidence and i'm like man. i'm really killing it. with this hair and dude. it's only two days later by. the way so take a gander at it. this is what it is so i go. and i sit down now this isn't the most me i've ever been. but this is i sit down this. is the part of the story i was i got i'm getting to. god i love this. [ __ ] podcast sometimes i sit down my wife is watching tv and i say you know what i think this the best haircut. i've ever gotten in my life. and she bursts out laughing. and i knew in that [ __ ] moment damn. it i'm being to. me and she's right to. laugh but i still stand. by what i said i i still think that though. babe i said what and she was. like you're just come on man. and i was like i know but i but but dude. you can't but but what do. you think though you think it. might be and she said i mean. you know it's it's definitely a really. great haircut i said it's up. there huh so me dude. um but my wife my wife i got her. back in my head never said anything. out loud about it but got her back in my head dude. the war games in our. mind the mental war. games we play with ourselves wow. we were talking about a friend. we had five people around our. table we were talking about a friend. that has a problem with um substances my wife. didn't know about about it. you know and one of my other friends. brought it up he said you know. he's been really bad lately. you know like with the substances and i don't even think my friend. was done saying the sentence. and my wife said oh we should have. an intervention and i burst out laughing. and i couldn't help myself. because e my wife. so guess what dude. got her back in my head dude. mental warfare dude it's it's a real problem honestly that these that that these these videos that i do these tapes these tapes these tapes i'm [ __ ] 90 years old these uh youtube videos are documented forever like the mind of a nobody should know someone's mind is everyone everyone's got a podcast right dude somebody wrote me the other day man uh two two kids you got two kids now wow unbelievable you got to. come do my podcast. and i and i look and i go and in and in my head. i think who's this cuz you dude. if you're looking at someone's face. and thinking dude people talk to. you like they know you hey and i don't mean. it like in the latina he he's talking. to me like he knows. me like i mean the old pablo. francisco bit [ __ ] that [ __ ] killed me but like when he's talking to. me like he knows me um but that's a thing like don't don't oh don't oh don't oh oh i don't and it happens. to famous people a lot. like oh like i had a guy. come up to. me the other day and he just goes like this. dude can [applause] i and i said can you what. you haven't said anything yet. and he was like i said do you want. a picture and he was like yeah. i was like all right. let's do this but like i get it's kind of sometimes. to weird to see the person out but like often especially in la people who are in things and recognizable are are having a conversation. with somebody and they're thinking my god i don't know. if i know this person or if they're a fan. i have no idea so so so so so i'm so if you're somebody who isn't always just i guess. what i'm saying is and i don't i'm not talking. about celebrities regular just keep introducing yourself. until someone says i know you are cu bro. this person was talking to. me like she knows me and she said you got to. come do my podcast. and i look at her. page and i and i say who i guess. i know her i don't know remind me. hey who i just don't know. uh what goes on. people's heads but i barely. know what goes on in my head. so everyone has a [ __ ] podcast it's got to. stop it makes me want to. end mine oh okay you're going. to have a podcast all right. i'm done i'm done that's how it was when vine popped. off i was like one of the first people. with a million followers on vine. and then they started doing like yeah. but when your butt's too. big and your girl walks by and i'm like okay. i'm done no more vine. no more no more g. you know that one gang gang every now it's in every tik tok. video gang gang gank every time someone turns their head gank gank telmundo um telmundo is such bad. television you know it's so. bad it's so bad nobody makes worse. tv than telmundo no i take that. back american television um at least. ton though doesn't give a [ __ ] you know they'll put a dude with a fake mustache. as a lead to. a serious drama you know that's like something. tundo will straight up do unabashedly and just be like h. who cares but american. tv they think they're all good. and [ __ ] and they still it's still just like the mentalist. they think it's all good. and [ __ ] and it's still just the the equalizer. with a [ __ ] uh 50yearold librarian doing this. [ __ ] what's her name queen latifa. que latina and um wow. isn't that weird i never thought. about that till right. now queen latifa is bas is almost queif [laughter]. latina wow dude queen latifa. almost is the same thing. as saying mexican [ __ ] fart dude unbelievable no he says okay oh he says wow uh i can't have that be the title of the show. that's too bad but um would get four. views uh with thwart hus. uh but anyway um what was i even. talking about honestly before the the queen latifa. stuff and oh yeah mel mundo dude. i love it i love it. you can watch it it. doesn't even matter what they say. i don't know it doesn't spanish. i don't care i'll still. watch it because someone will get sh. shot in a [ __ ] show on at 8:00. p.m. someone will get shot with a sought off. shotgun in the chest from one. foot away and the other person. will die like this. dude telmundo you rock and that. is just honestly sensational it's so good. dude to get shot and not. d pull over to. get shot and go. fall back dude sensational just absolutely sensal sensational. and just so like i love it. so it is what it is. um i'm i'm going to. check text cuz i want. to shoulder hts uh no i think we're [ __ ] as a country but it's okay just sometimes i just literally think like maybe i'll be a [ __ ] maybe i'll just grow my own vegetables and i'll like move to. super super north like idaho and then i'll like be. like but that's such something. a chick would think you know. chicks have so many ideas. you just got to. if you if you have a a a wife or a girlfriend. a w a very serious. you know girlfriend or wife. and they hit you with ideas. because they will just hit you. with ideas dude out of the blue. they'll just be like let's fix up. an old car out of the blue. they'll just be like we should be self. sustainable out of the blue. they'll just be like we need tupperware it's better. for the environment out of the blue. they'll just say some [ __ ] like that just don't don't kick back. cuz as a man. you you got you're you're your your instinct. is just just be like oh here. we go again dude. all right we got to. move all the [ __ ] around. hey dude how many of those ideas. come to fruition what. how many what percent dude. just kick back relax and go yeah we should it'll never happen. cuz chicks get ideas that's why i do it. because that's as far as it. goes most of the time chicks just kid. you don't need to. thwart their [ __ ] because chicks. just um i was watching that. new roommate show world's worst. roommate you know i go back. and forth on the on. the uh like victim it's like it's we we live. in such a uh everyone's victim. society and nobody like it'll be like you know people will get like it's like oh i i i i i was in the mouth. of a bear for [ __ ] 20 minutes. and that bear chomped me and and everyone's like oh you should be able. to do what you want. and it's like dude it's a bear. you know how come i can't. just hang out with a serial killer in an 8. by8 room for a month and a half. without him slicing and dicing me. oh d no dude. hey don't go in there. you know hey get out of that. bear's mouth right get out. of the bear's mouth. dude i you know sometimes i'm just like so i'm watching this. world's wars roommate and this woman is saying how she had a roommate and the roommate it's the first episode. the roommate tried to. basically kill her. slowly sometimes you got to. kill her slowly and uh try to. kill her sl and um she had like a back. issues and stuff and then she was like giving her she tried. to give her mera. in her cut to. infect her cut then then she tried to. get on the black market tried to. get her versa which i didn't even. know there was a versa. versa is worse than versa. it's like m is bad. to get because it makes you septic but vers is worse. because it's not it antibiotics. are just like i can't we can't do anything. with this and before and then she was get getting. insulin on the black market and kept sticking it to. her and she had to. go to the hospital and be like your insulin levels. are so bad it's a 13. i've never seen anything like this. before and you're like i'm not diabetic and and and she had to. keep going back and it's like okay. i guess in hindsight it's 2020. it's like it's roommate it's roommate. okay and like you don't want to. be like all right yeah maybe i wouldn't have known. course you would never you never think. your roommate but the roommate. tried to get custody of the woman's. son because she thought she was about it's just like all crazy. and it's like okay i get that. overtime emotional abuse can be a thing and it's like dude the woman and i was like well how long was it did this go two three years i could i get it she was roommates with the lady. for 25 years get out. of the bears mouth ye. in the bear's mouth. dude hey dude hey are teeth. in front of you. jump so okay so yeah it's not your fault. because she was trying. to kill you with mera. and versa but also stop going to. the place that [ __ ] y'all up smell it it's hot. it's bear's breath don't. have her dress your wounds anymore. she's oop spilling vers in it. it's just like and she kept going. back to the hospital. dude she went to. the hospital over and over and over and over and over again. what's common denam room fbi showed. up you know she got vers off. the black mark no she' never do. that she never try. to kill me she tried. to get custody of your son. now look my heart goes out to. this lady cuz yeah she was in emotional turmoil. physical and emotional turmoil yeah okay i get it. but also when are we getting to. the point where you just look. at the person and you go well. hindsight is 2020 [music] but get out. of the bear's mouth. dude yeah should you be able. to walk alone. in an alley. at night yeah yes yes don't you know. i'm it's so annoying but you know. this is he hey this is the world. you you we're not morons. and if you are and look my heart. goes out you know cuz it's like i don't want you. pumped full of mera and. versa but dude it's like come. on yeah bad things can still. happen even if you're on guard. so be on guard they made a whole documentary. about this woman that's like i didn't 25. years poor woman she was. like she's like 50 something at this. point she's still banging too to. be throughout to. be through all that much and to. still be banging congrats um i i want. to i want to. be [ __ ] i saw um the omen movies and uh what was the what. was the who was the guy. in it uh gregory pek the first omen oh no. no sorry the first omen is the new one. that is the prequel. to the omen but the first actual. movie the omen was the one. that came out with gregory. pek in 1971 76 76 he got. it he got it in the in the [ __ ] nth he got it and uh 1976 and it was good and uh uh gregory peek is in and he's 59 in it and he had a um has a baby. in it which is hilarious. because it's like they didn't address. that she just a 59yearold just having a baby. and they're just like you know. hollywood is just so funny. back then the the the the the man will just come in and just be like did you have the baby. [ __ ] i was outside you know and she's just like yes darling. nice [ __ ] smoking in the [ __ ] baby's face stupid [ __ ] i'm going to. love this boy he's going. to be i'm going to. love the [ __ ] out of this boy. and my second and third born. i'm not even going to. know him practically you hey how's your hey. how's your [ __ ] [ __ ] anyway eat it what am i gay you know and so so so um they did this they made this movie and i'm looking at gregory pek and he's 59 and i'm like that. [ __ ] is handsome and i'm like i i think that's awesome. to be that handsome when you're that. old as a as a man. and then i'm like i looked at pictures. when he was younger. and then i was like yeah he he he was still handsome. when he was younger. but he really fell into. his looks you know h. in in when he was 59. in that in that omen movie in that. omen movie and kristen sitting down. she sat down next to. me she doesn't never really really watch movies. because she's a millennial she'll just like sit down. and then get up and then move a vase. and look at it for 20. seconds and then come and sit back. down and i'm just like who does that. in the middle of watching a [ __ ] movie she calls it toodling and um or she's on like offer up. buying a $5 you know. uh uh um vintage uh candle. putter outer you know whatever. the [ __ ] those things that invention was. the stupidest [ __ ] thing blow it. out and um just this thing with the [ __ ] ass dangling ah let me get it i got it i got it i got one of these things for it here there we go got it i'm a [ __ ] okay and so uh uh you got to. have pjs you got to. have a set of pjs. on if you're going to. be doing that right you can't. just be [ __ ] in a in a in a white shirt. in boxers you're a real [ __ ] um you got to. have the hat with the flap over. it um i got the thing. for it could have used that. breath to [ __ ] with the flap to. but whatever blow out the flame. anyway um i digress and i thought and she's sitting down next. to me and she says he's handsome. and i was like confirmed baby. i give it up when a dude's handsome. man i really give it up. um and you know it's a preference thing but so don't call. me a hater if i say someone's not handsome. cuz i will then turn around. and be like well gra packed. when he was 59. was absol unbelievable but anyway i am watching. uh this movie and i'm like i want to. be like that and then i go like this. when was i most handsome you ever. think about that when were you the most handsome. and for a lot of people it's probably. when you were i don't know as a dude. i wonder what what it. is i think like it should be like 30. to 35 or 40 or 45 doesn't matter dude's. really got it easy huh. but then your face starts drooping. you know like i if i look at myself. now i go like okay. i still look i still look. good for for me you know. for for my [ __ ] you know i'm not saying like hey i'm the [ __ ] i'm a great looking guy but for me in my body i'm still i i hey dude i walk with this haircut. hey dude i walk by the mirror. i go still got it. right um and when does that. go because you know if i look at yeah. i mean dude you know my parents. my dad i talk talk about men right. my dad is a handsome. old guy but he's 76. so he's not obviously more handsome. than he was when he was 50. right so it's like jesus. i think my skin is. just going to. start [ __ ] sagging like that dog that. cartoon dog oh well that one. um but i want my hair to. get i think i think when my hair gets gray. it's over when my hair hair gets gray. it's over bro i'm going. to shut it down. um wow white chicks came out. 20 years ago wow wow i'd never seen this. movie from the director of scary. mov i've never seen this. movie oh man this was a staple huh. oh dude black people love this. movie look at this person put still my favorite. movie of all time someone said what wow. wow i should make a movie called. asian men just [ __ ] why dude why don't i do that. why don't i make a movie called. asian men and just [ __ ] it's so zany you know and i'm meat you know meat suck suuk here. he is in oh chris is down. and out and he had to. move to japan. meat suck and he just to. get a [laughter] job just not even speaking. real japanese are you r. you just tape my eyes. back who gives a [ __ ] i don't care just [ __ ] always carrying chopsticks just making it the most racist. thing but also [ __ ] killing. it with humor and just getting right. wingers out to. the [ __ ] theater dude hell yeah. two right wings swinging. in a circle dude just [ __ ] asian men i going to. make a movie called asian men. me and uh uh who's another like guy. that would be good in it. oh dude um who's the guy. zachary kinto and i and and. dude me and zachary. kinto in asian men are you. [ __ ] kidding me and dude and it's uh it's set in [ __ ] or japan yeah no or china well i don't know it doesn't matter [ __ ] it's not about that it's about mostly just being funny and we had to. get jobs and stuff i got to. watch white chicks to. do my research but anyway zachary. kinto hit me up. dude i got a i got a script. for you um that's a movie. that would have been made also in [ __ ] 1982 remember soulman. dude hey how come people aren't getting. cancelled for that you know uh all right. that's it thank you. very much go get my dates. chris dot com go get merch. chris dot com we love you. out there uh and that's it. that's the episode for you you. if you want to. watch the rest of it. watch the uh watch the uh patreon patreon. dot com/crashcourse [music] look. [music] 