 foreign lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional hello [music]. i have to have to. have to skip it. what is it i have two had two scoop. up scoot about putt two hot. two hot two hot skips a quarterback a quarterback yeah. that is it i think it's too. hot too scoobydoo hot. two hot two hot two skip it up two yeah yeah that's from life. stinks with mel brooks and i laughed so hard. at that part when i was a kid. when he's trying to. pedal for change uh because he saw the kid. doing it and he needs money. right he needs he's like a formerly super rich beverly hills yup. producer maybe even okay and he's like a shitty. guy yeah i know that. right yeah well i'm telling the audience. because we're recording i know. i already know that so skip. the part so that's the kid. doing it that's the kid. doing it and he sees. the kid do it again. boom hop too but then mel does it. yes and it sucks ass. and no one gives me. we can't see it. on screen but we can hear it. yeah it's not up fix. that fix it there it. is oh it wasn't even. on no fix it again. you did it wrong. now it's just black now. it's black there we go. there we go there. it is there we go. yeah here we go here. we go there it. is this is great so he needs. money he sees this kid. being good at it and making money off of it. this made me laugh. hard dude everybody likes it thinks. he's cute and good how much did that kid. grow up in that cancer. oh yeah he made the money. right all in the days work baby. i mean so taking the time with the scene. i love it that's good. yeah it is good no. i knew what that before. you dude hot too hot. too they're gonna be bomb. boom never mind hot two hot. twos they're gonna be the guy's shaking his head. there's some punch lines. thing at the end hot. too dude the the if that were made oh wow. remember that we gotta watch that. again it's a good movie. remember that dude that movie there. was uh what do you call. it what was it gonna say. nobody knows but you god damn. it that movie oh if that movie was made wow. that was really loud if that. movie was made today it would be that. scene would be so different. huh you think so yeah. it will be cut close. to his face oh you mean. as a filmmaker yeah yeah i mean. like if it was a judd appetite thing. it would have been like 70. cuts yeah and music during it yeah no brooks is the genius. dude yeah i don't know why they don't let [ __ ] play a lot like that i watched the internship the other day. remember oh with vince vaughn. and owen wilson i sent you the clip yeah i never saw that vince vaughn's so funny i agree uh and owen wasn't funny. too but vince vaughn. man uh and it was it. was uh and that director went on. to do some big [ __ ] who directed the sean levy. you know who he is oh yeah. yeah yeah and that movie. is it has its moments. but i feel like it was like trying. to be something that was like okay. we did reddit crashers. now let's do this. definitely and they were both. like we're both salesmen you guys. will thrive off. this as actors and improv. artists you know and it. just smelled like that it. was too much of that. it was like produced piece. by piece being like well that made money and that yeah yeah and that's a good idea. and that's happening right. now but um anyway happy new year. it is uh the second epic right. because new year's was the first episode. sunday or well i don't know yeah. and uh it's the new year. uh but this is the uh the popping. new year the the year. as matt said you're the bing. bong and it's [ __ ] cold in here huh. i'm hot i'm not cold at all. i feel like [ __ ] though shut me down. the thing about 2023. so far is it's not only the year. of the bing bong it's the year. of film like [ __ ] so far for me. and is it because of the of the rate no i mean. almost died is it because of the rain. uh no it's not because the rains. because it's because i've had a [ __ ] cold oh really for too long. and it's not going away and every day. i wake up and i do the a gross. thing i'm not gonna do it. right now with my throat. and my nose okay you know. yeah it has the it's like it's kind of like that. yeah uh and it pisses me. off yeah so what's going on i'm sure. it pisses you off dude. uh and it's too cold. and it's too raining and i hate the rain. and it's and and it's sadness. so that's great i can't. stand a rain uh it's sadness. you know yeah poetry so um anyway dude. it's good to. be in the year 2023. who knew we would we would. [ __ ] make it to. 2023. it's tough to. make it to. 2023 if you made it. to 2023 congratulations dude. um we got the uh the channel. here that you can like and subscribe. to um it is uh shadow. band 100 we're probably gonna have. to change the name to. make it not shadow band. 100 yeah because it's [ __ ] awful. we can't we can't break subscribers uh so subscribe. but we got uh i got brea um coming. up here in california. i got portland seattle these are dates. um oh wait when does this. come out sunday so. you know what tonight i'll be. in san diego you can get your tickets. chrisley dot com uh jacksonville. san antonio uh minneapolis. we just added a show. and uh sugarland we're gonna be there. austin we just added. a show boise columbus cincinnati. we got dates all. over and uh be on the lookout. for salt lake city is coming up. and i believe uh somewhere else i can't. remember what it is but that's coming. up so anyway i keep adding dates chrisley dot com. uh go to get them. tickets it's a dick. but all good dude. we don't need it. oh you're done yeah. yeah if you have a question. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com and uh we've got that. great new lifeline merch. at lifelinemirch dot com. and if you want oneonone advice sessions. with me your boy. your bing bong boy matt. delia uh go to. matalia dot com i've been giving good. advice to all you people. who've been making sessions with me. uh i would say 95 of the time. i feel like they're very very productive. and there's always that five percent. where i'm like there was one. session where i literally literally had. no idea what the guy. was saying the entire time. whoa he was he was speaking. english oh yeah he was he was just the words. didn't go together like i'm assuming he thought they were but he was just like a fully unwell guy. you know what i'm saying yeah. uh and besides him it was all good. okay cool so all right. yeah i can't i don't want. to air it out. too much because he was he was like sweet. but something was just about it. i hope he's okay and i'm i'm unqualified to. help with that right right. you know what i mean. not me i'm qualified no. you're not dude you know. what you should do call. me in those situations. what situations where you don't. understand somebody dude i can get to. the [ __ ] bottom of it i'm chilled no i'm chilled. right now chilled yeah i'm just chilled dude. that's not the right way. to say that and i'm not gonna lie. i didn't get good sleep. okay did you no. actually i didn't get really bad. sleep i normally get good. sleep didn't get good sleep. and upset and i'm upset. about it so uh we really hope that you guys. are getting good sleep. keep taking take care of your mental. health you know what i mean. take care of your sleep. schedule that's the most important. thing and uh and that's that. man take naps bring back. naps in 2023. yeah i used. to take naps. and then i moved and in the house. i live now i do not. take naps and it's the house's. fault yes dude there's nowhere to. nap in that house except in the bed. i guess but i nap. on couches but where i'm saying. and you're in the house. that you live in now on the couch. there's no good place. to nap you know why. why because it's always 97 degrees. in your house dude. you are a [ __ ] orchid you live in a hot house it's horrible. i live in a a well and it's not that. house it's any house. or any room that you have the control. of the temperature it's too cold. always but maybe i have a [ __ ] arm deficiency or something. but i don't eat so much. salmon dude you know i keep it. lean and like it's crazy dude. okay well anyway you like it disgustingly. warm calvin loves pasta. and we ate pasta. last night and it was so [ __ ] cute. dude he's like no i want. parmesan cheese and he kept on wanting parmesan cheese. and i kept having to. put parmesan cheese on the thing. and that's how you know. he's a dahlia you know how that and i do it. let's be honest what everyone's. kid is only cute to. them no because saying i want parmesan cheese. alone isn't cute yes it is dude. it is if your kid. is cute and some kids. are [ __ ] so cute and some kids are not cute. am i sure you're so cute. if a kid is cute. then everything they do is cute. right but my kids. only when they do it like when somebody tells a story like uh my kid. was like i want parmesan cheese. it's like okay okay but you know. calvin so just imagine him. doing it you're welcome. that sounds very nice doesn't it. i've seen him do that. yep so it's so cute. uh yeah he's i mean cow. is super cute and he has a [ __ ] cut here and he keeps picking it we had to. put a bandaid on it. he's had it for so long. it looks like it's like a birthmark. i know it she just won't stop picking it. dude and it'll wake up. in them i'll go in the morning. get him in from his crib. and he'll be like i picked my booboo oh really kevin i tell you not to. pick it so anyway we make him sleep. with the bandaid on now. whatever that's how it goes. and so it goes and so it goes terrible. rap absolutely all right what is it. round and round no. no one knows no one likes it. no one likes it no. that song that song is [ __ ] banging. dude no one likes what. you're doing do you know. who it is joel and so yeah. why do you do every song like you're josh. groban because you because josh roping my ass. dude because that's my style dude. and and that's a terrible. style it is especially because someone else. already has it and he's josh. grew up in my ass. that's so dumb dude. all right so josh groban. is very good at what. he does i agree don't. we don't need two. josh groban masses i'm not. doing it like josh. groban i'm inspired like josh. groban and and i have inspirations. just like i do with my comedy. right jim carrey murphy that's my inspiration. i'm not like them but i grew up. on them and since i grew up. on josh groban even. though we're the same age. now when i started doing my singing. grow up on joshua. i grew up on eddie. murphy uh jim carrey and josh. groban okay and so it goes and and one. of the things that i learned. is when you really hit the [ __ ] hard notes. and so it goes and you gotta [ __ ] pull back because it gets loud in people's ears yeah if only you put back so far you're on the other side of the wall that's dick. shall we yeah let's do it all right let's do it hi. chris haima i absolutely [ __ ] out. of the both of you but my upstairs neighbor. wakes me up at 7 on. the dot every single day. monday through sunday it doesn't matter. um and it's because their dog barks howl's cries and runs around. in the mornings and as i'm sure we all know. by now there's nothing more obnoxious. than being woken up against your own. will like it's one thing. if you have to. set an alarm for a certain time. to wake up but it's another thing. if you're woken up by like a lawnmower outside or somebody waking you up when you fall asleep on the couch or in my case when a dog is barking um and i work from home i just feel like it sets the tone for my day really wrong because i wake up pissed off and i already sent a message to. my leasing office not that. i expect them to. get like evicted but i just wanted them. to send an anonymous. tip and be like hey you guys are being kind of loud clearly it. didn't [ __ ] work so i feel like i have to. take matters into. my own hands but i'm not a confrontational. person like it's not my nation to. be like hey you got you [ __ ] it you know so i was thinking of maybe writing a letter. i don't know if there's a way. to like spin move out. of this but it's to. a point now where it's ruining my piece because i can also hear them. doing like the horizontal mambo. later and like walking around like it's just very annoying. i mean okay so the dog. barking i got an i got a really good i dude. i got a really good idea. do you want to. go first and it's just very simple. okay get a [ __ ] sound machine. crank it up and put it near your head. on your head yep put it tape. it to the front of your head. turn it on and just hear waves. dude a sound machine is really great. awesome i know but i do use earplugs. those don't work at all. for me okay well they work. for me it's probably because your ears. are [ __ ] up in some way my ears are [ __ ] up but oh okay well there you go hers are nothing probably and mine are not so if you just ball them up ball them up bing bong in the ear and they just you make them small and then you put them in there and then they expand and you can't hear anything but really on that if you want the neighbor at 7am with the dog you can't be okay when you live in any kind of apartment complex or whatever like on on top of one another you can't have something that is waking other people up seen hours i agree seven. isn't obscene like to. everyone but it is to. a lot of people especially on weekends. it's too early yeah. and like you gotta that. person has to figure out. how to make their dog. stop annoying their neighbors or get a house. or be on the streets. well you don't want to. have a dog live on. the streets that's not nice. right or also you don't want to. live on the streets but uh but a person. can make that choice a dog. they should be out on the streets. though honestly i mean that's let's face it. they come from wolves nothing. that means nothing they aren't wolves. anymore they're completely defenseless and okay but they would all die. if they got let out on this. i know but dogs well there's probably enough trash. in la at least okay [ __ ] for them to. eat anyway i'm just saying that. i think the thing to. do also besides taking measures. that you can do to. your for yourself i think you write. them a note tape it on their door you. don't need to. knock and confront them. right if you're not confrontational. it's not like a scaredy cat. move or something no totally free. to do that i've done. i've done both both work. uh both piss people off. but who cares like yeah. this is your sleep. like chris was just talking about. like yeah your sleep. matters be nice about it. though and the letter this. way this is what i like to. do okay be nice about it. in the letter this. way if they're a dick. back you go like this. i tried now the gloves. come off you get a stool and late at night. you stand up and you sh. you you know angle. your and so it goes and so it goes round. and round no one knows or whatever. the lyrics are and she probably. doesn't want to. do that and nobody wants to. do that and no billy joel and i probably want to. do it but yeah i you know. and i think that singing. warfare those two things you know takes things. measures that you know will. make it easier for you. to sleep on your own. with the earplugs or the sound. machine whatever uh and also write a note write a note. to them so you have so you have ears. that work when you put the thing those orange. ones right mine are blue. okay so you painted them. so you put them in your ear. and then they expand right. yes and then uh they're like foam. yeah i understand i've tried it. and they don't fall out. no no don't i oh my [ __ ] is like it'll be for 30. minutes but i have air. pods and they're in my ears. and then all of a sudden they're not in my ears. no so your your the holes. in your ears especially one of them. i think it just slopes. down and it just falls out. yeah yeah you have faulty. ears those those aren't she doesn't have faulty ears. i would imagine and i certainly don't. have faulty ears do those orange. thingies work for you guys. leave a comment because i don't those those years. yeah because they don't work. for me dude so i want. to know if they work for you because i want to. know if my ears are [ __ ] up or if it's like a large pop part of the population that just can't use those [ __ ] things no they're cheap and they're effective and they're great otherwise they wouldn't sell nobody would buy them if they always [ __ ] didn't work for everybody but that's not true because it is a bit of a sucker gift right like it is a bit of a sucker thing you see and like oh cool and then you get it and it doesn't work but oh well they already got your [ __ ] 690 a sucker gift who's gifting people for yourself i'm saying oh you're gifted you say oh i i deserve a treat right because this is me i mean not necessarily something i need but it might be nice to. have earplugs and then you put it in and then it doesn't work. it falls out i'm wondering if it happens. to you so leave a comment no. but what sometimes will happen. is that it'll expand in the wrong. way and it'll leave room. for unauthorized sounds to get through. yeah and when i want the uh the unauthorized. sounds that they sneak in yeah. so what you have to. do what i have to. do sometimes is take it out. ball it up bing bong. and put it right. back in there it it it. it i the way i do it. always has unauthorized sound when it comes in it always sneaks in and then also it always falls out you know you can get large ones or like extra i didn't know that but i feel like those will just really yeah yeah there's like the normal sized and then there's large ones for people that have [ __ ] up heads like you okay all right well then i guess we could do that yep should i get a haircut no i mean you think it looks nice whatever i think i need to. get a trim i'm gonna get a trim. whatever i'm gonna get a trim. and i'll have it next. time you see me and then also i'm bringing calvin. to get his first [ __ ] haircut. professional haircut because i do it. make kristen do it and you're saying that's going. to stop now and you're going. to take him to. an actual barber this. is the first time i'm gonna do it. okay and i want to. see you know i want to. see him look like a real like handsome. like a cool cut yeah okay. but i feel like my hair is kind of good. but then when i cut my hair and then i look back. i'm like my hair was too. long what the [ __ ] was i doing oh i know what you mean. you know what i'm saying yeah. but i never um you know get my hair. cut so i don't know. what to say okay. well i think i'm looking kind of good. though yeah whatever yeah i'm insecure. you know i want acceptance. from everybody okay ever since. i was a little kid. okay so uh relax and i just want people to. know i want people to. tell me i'm okay as i am. okay well good luck to. you right very nice woman. that just called in and that sucks. but try the earplugs maybe the sound machine. if i don't know those might be expensive. uh and then write a note and if the note. response is either nothing happens or they're rude. back to you you might have to. suck it up and bing bong. knock on the door. and then when i'm in my car. and i do affirmations. out loud sometimes when i do the i'm worthy of loved one. i start crying so let's go to. the next one what's up. chris and matt what's up. i have what i think is a hot. button topic okay you know some of those like really important. issues yeah and um i think those are worse. i've had this issue where i watched. television and film i think they're. dumb movies whatever and i've seen. it happen so much. where um nobody ever says goodbye when they hang up. on them oh dude. in movies film um television. i don't understand like it seems so [ __ ] cool. to do but also at the same. time it seems like such a [ __ ] thing to. do so deep and i was thinking and also at the same. time i just don't understand. why it's like so broad. spectrum across yeah that's true. like are people meeting together. is there like some sort of rule. like you can't have people say. goodbye when they hang up. the phone on television. or film it's in every actor's contract. please help me understand this. obviously i'm probably not gonna hang up. on people but i don't know maybe i'll try it. out um anyway let me know your thoughts of the world. try it out maybe i'll change the world. i noticed this all the time. i love this dude what an observation. i always think of this it's so annoying. and and the other they never cut to. the other person on the other line. like oh like dude. all right i can't say i don't think i've noticed it. the way you guys are talking oh really. dude we first noticed it. but i've never been like what. in every first of all any badass. movie nobody says bye yeah okay. here's what i have worked on in my head. why they do it okay. it's just unnecessary for the filmmaking yeah yeah. you just want it to. keep moving yeah we want real. life go look at somebody. on their cell phone right. you want to. see denzel be the [ __ ] [ __ ] you don't hear him. say okay great i got the instructions. for the assassination byebye. you know what i mean. got instructions for the assassination. that sounds that's a that's a good. writing oh so let's put it this. way let's let's understand. something nobody ever actually really says buy once even on the phone. in real life writing what i mean. you say more than once. you go like this all right. okay cool all right. well i'll see you later yup. okay uhhuh all right yeah okay. great uhhuh i'll see you all. right this sounds good yep. ah bye imagine it but again. doing it but again. that would suck and it would be boring. and we don't want real. life when we go to. the movies yeah the thing i hate that's kind of similar. but i have one too better. observation than that even is it's exclusive. to tv movies don't do this. okay the scene will for all intents and purposes end. right but the camera will linger. on one or maybe even sometimes. both of the of the actors involved. in the scene so it'll be like the child. is missing and the other person's like oh my god. is he really and then the other person. would be like but maybe i know where the child. is and then it'll cut to. the back the other person and it'll be like three more seconds. just being like it's like the scene's. done dude dude why are you doing that. because in the script it. says off of karen's reaction we smash. cut too but it could be way. shorter i know nobody does i mean. if you want to. talk about nobody does that in real life. conversations keep going nobody at the end. of every big moment. in the conversation right people. don't just go yeah yeah yeah whatever you know. what i mean i mean. i'm a good actor so what i just did. was probably really good but yeah. every scene that scott bakula has ever been in definitely scott back. had that happen especially ncis dude. i love scott back. oh he's in one of those have you seen. it is it new orleans i've never seen. it no oh dude. yo what's up with it. it's fantastic oh it's good. dude so first of all his name. is pull up his name. dude he is a white. hammer or something it. is dwight it is yep. oh my god no no you know. what it is dwayne oh wow. what is the name of it. dwayne what you want to. do is look up here and then he's doing all. that ncis dwight dwayne and so yeah uh why isn't it oh there. it is in the fifth one. the fifth one right. there the picture the picture picture. now we go down. say it he said what. we're doing is we're pissing me. off yeah okay especially because you forgot. his microphone so now. we can't even hear him. right right scott bavacula you know. foreign there we go. it was worth the wait. it was worth the wait. wow dwayne pride dude here's the thing. wow they don't even call him. that they call him. king why why is it. ever explained hey king look it's his nickname. that's his or he's like a crown. like off the side of his head. in the streets they say. we found the kid that. cut to him like this. he's got the crown. dude it is and then they got that. other guy in it. the guy who always acts like this. the lucas guy who's in the fast. furious uh black yeah yeah. yeah yeah yeah what's his name. in it who's the comedian. lucas black lucas no you're thinking of uh someone. else this guy's ncis what's his name. lucas black there he is. who's the guy i'm thinking of though. uh the guy who talks. like this the comedian yeah uh why don't we know. imagine if he was in ncis dude. dwayne pride call me king um so his crown. keeps falling off because he's all jittery. um so lucas blackie oh every time. he talks he talks like this. and he's like well king i'll figure it out. well who's daryl mitchell's character's name patton plame oh dude. okay right above mark no. that guy daryl mitchell yeah isn't into. what peril hold on. a second though in the opening. credits of ncis new orleans. daryl mitchell when his name when his title. card comes up in the beginning. it doesn't say it doesn't say. daryl mitchell even though that's his name yeah it is what it. says is daryl chill mitchell. what the [ __ ] is going on with this. show dude that's so dope. he's so chill and here's the thing. he plays a guy in a wheelchair. and i was like wow that's [ __ ] probably they would probably do that now they'd probably get a real guy who did a real one then i looked it up. he is in a wheelchair. and and that is chill. dude yeah that is chill. but he goes by chill. yeah dude watch watch that's sick this. guy that's neil brennan oh yeah. unbelievable dude honestly i'm matt chill. delia yeah yeah oh yeah so and so okay. so so it's all good. so here's the deal that. is about uh ncis wow. dude uh which by the way. nobody knows what it is ncis right. like it has to. do with the navy or some [ __ ] and it's like okay right but it's always ncis is that have to. do with the sea and the navy and [ __ ] what that's so narrow. so weird this should be three episodes. it's like whatever it's like there was these these fish. rob the bank i don't know what the [ __ ] but so and so we gotta go get a bunch of a bunch of [ __ ] uh barracudas went to. good they they're they're in a crime. ring and so um so this. is everything that has to. do with the naval criminal investigative. service i can't believe how successful. it is i mean mark harmon who's in the first one. is obviously worth 85 billion dollars. yes um he's 107. and so the the but cis was. first right cis was oh is that was it. cis or csi no csi crime. service investigation okay cis what. the [ __ ] okay so so there they they have a an office or i don't know what you'd call it. the offices of the executive. call it in office. but yeah but like it's not a precinct. right like it's called something. isn't it i don't know and i've never seen. the show okay so dude. it is the most decked out chillest. [ __ ] it's in like an old abandoned [ __ ] refurbished place that would be so dope to. live for a bachelor right. and dude there's a kitchen in it. and dwayne pride aka king's thing. is he's always cooking. for everyone everyone else because he's like he's probably like a cajun. guy yeah go and it's like that's what we do. in new orleans yeah yeah wow. what a dumpster anybody want and dooley that's how everything. starts he's like anybody wanting dewey. sausage and and dooley and do we and dooley what. is it and what is it. and do it and do we anyway andouille sausage. and do uh ratatouille uh anybody want and then we sauce. what's the thing that uh new orleans. is famous crawdad crawfish crawfish uh cajun cajun got some creole oatmeal. going on in the morning. um we'll give you diarrhea. so bad chill mitchell's. like nah not that and so um yeah so that's what it's about. and it's just [ __ ] amazing. and he's always cooking in the beginning. and at the end like dude. he is investigating murders and also waking up. to cook dope [ __ ] and his name is dwayne pride and he goes by king so i want to. know is daryl mitchell he's the only daryl. chill mitchell in ncis i don't. see daryl chill mitchell in everything. can we find that out. i don't know like he's been in a lot. of stuff and he's killing. it oh well then let's let's find. out for sure does he go by daryl chill mitchell. and everything because if he does he's figured out. life way better than anybody. else i gotta have a middle name like that. oh go to. his instagram maybe it says daryl. chill mitchell in it. it doesn't come up as anything. else though it is dude. the hat in the second one. is that him a condom. is that him i think yeah. wow look at this. [ __ ] stuff dude who knows wow yeah i know we can't play that but um anyway he's the [ __ ] oh man you guys got so much money from that you know well good for him yeah good for him for sure he figured out life he got people to. call him daryl chill mitchell. on the on the on the intro. oh he's in sergeant bilko. dude how does a guy. who has he's been in a lot. of yeah for a paralyzed. guy that's that's he's the best. paralyzed actor i mean unless he it happened and he kept on acting he's in something. called lifeline really yeah scroll. down he should we shoot. him on the show that's hilarious. there it is oh wow. 2017. he's out about two guys. give advice oh wow look. at that i don't know. a single person in that show. that's cool uncle has a 3.9 oh out of five uh all. right let's let's do let's do another. one there's enough there's enough but it's fun. to do that though yeah that was fun. oh the sexiest man. i've ever seen in my life. david arquette um i have a situation making how much. [ __ ] how much is he making a world ending robot um that'll pan out no dude he's currently making this video stranded. somewhere and he's making something that will save his life. this guy is hilarious. and the [ __ ] and the fact that he's fixing something. off screen is absolutely unfucking. you know who this guy's he's david. the [ __ ] arquette that's who that is okay i'm having a difficult time uh evil. villain explaining what i'm gonna kill. someone it's a [ __ ] means okay to. him and there's so many nuances to. it that's right i'm learning. he's right like like if you're mowing the lawn. and you know at the end. when you're doing the little little triangles. and like turning into. all these little it's a [ __ ] right you know that's the [ __ ] but also very good i've come to. like realize i feel like you know. your ego is the [ __ ] too yeah yeah yeah oh it's so [ __ ] to. be like bitching about something sure but it comes across so judgmental. to people who yeah okay. yeah okay let's discuss uh. here it is judgmental because it kind of is yes. you know yeah but i've like no keep on. the little that's great it's a [ __ ] in me because it's the best. teacher of what needs to. grow and change beautiful man. i'm trying to communicate. that to somebody and i'm having a really. hard time because there's so many different. examples of fish there's so many different. it's a [ __ ] i was using the screwdrome meaning it's a great. example of it's a [ __ ] equals the [ __ ] yeah it's like i am judging myself for being so [ __ ] but it's also like i love myself i'm not taking it so seriously no way around being a [ __ ] everybody's a [ __ ] everybody when someone says something hey you really hurt. my feelings with something and if i went oh you didn't understand. what i mean it's a [ __ ] in a way you know what i mean. so i'm trying to. i mean i love the term. because it's it's helped me. so much but i'm not like condemning myself. when i see that little ego. that little [ __ ] that wants to. hey i'm right okay uh here here's the way. to in terms of explaining it. to other people the thing. that people get tripped up. on is that they think if you say [ __ ] about something they do they think you're calling them a [ __ ] yeah moreover they think it has anything to. do and i understand why. they would think this they think it. has something to. do with like the when men call. women oh they do a [ __ ] which is totally not at all what it. is yeah i know. it has nothing to. do with that no so it's good. to be able to. clear that up but it's it's the lawnmower example. was perfect because it's like or like when you're carrying something irregular and you're trying. to fit through a doorway you're doing. the lawn mower you're like it's like your arms don't fit around. the thing and you're trying. to right that's cement. yeah yeah i mean so that has nothing to. do with the derogatory term [ __ ] ever in fact if you use it that way that's absolutely incorrect. and and you're fired i was yeah. i was a [ __ ] yesterday. i i i'm and i don't know if i was a [ __ ] today yet. but i would say i'm probably. a [ __ ] at least once a day yeah do you ever do you ever notice that you are being doing something that is a [ __ ] when you're alone and you laugh any you laugh oh yeah yeah me too yeah you do yeah yeah yeah and you ask. because you wish somebody saw it. so yeah i would say [ __ ] to. it yeah yeah for sure. i want to. explain it to. you but you can't explain it. to somebody you got to. show it to. him and then you're right. right even though if it's really funny. you can explain it. yes because then you you can really. convey yeah someone like toppling over. with books or something yeah um yeah there's nothing wrong. with the [ __ ] because we are also [ __ ] yes all of us. remember when dad fell when he was trying. to do the magician. thing fell later but look at this. was the best thing the whole thing. was a [ __ ] but look at this. was the funniest thing that i've ever. seen before both times did. he fall wasn't that the thing. he fell he fell he was going. we was we were playing a game. yeah where he had to. say we had to. guess magician but he couldn't say he was like taboo. or whatever somebody and he was it. wasn't taboo but it was like taboo. and he was trying to. do like a voila thing. yeah i in my memory he fell while he was doing. it got up and then goes look. oh my god really and it was so i thought the fall was separate. and i just thought look at it. all i remember is look. at this like what's such a say. a thing a magician says like abracadabra. i couldn't say average right. right that was one of the words. yeah oh [ __ ] you just said look at this. the worst magician you know. look at this [ __ ] cut a girl laugh look at this. okay so look what i'm doing um yeah. so i i would say so it's a bit what. are you laughing at specifically right. now foreign a magician if a magician really did a trick. and said look at this. but i'm also laughing at the way. dad did it it was so funny. dude it was yeah oh [ __ ] we laughed and so all right. so yeah so [ __ ] is a great. [ __ ] thing it costs people out but in a lot it's a loving thing. dude just tell them it's a loving. thing i know i mean maybe they get offended. we're taking the word and owning the word. it's not [ __ ] what it means actually it doesn't mean female. dog it's not a derogatory theme. for women yeah we're taking that. word and saying wow you really look insecure. the way you're moving around. yeah right exactly yeah totally yeah. or or like overwhelmed but physically. physically swallowed at the wrong. time in the conversation they're trying. to do something awkward yep. that requires your body to. move in a it's a easy. position anyway physically it's a [ __ ] that requires you this is a [ __ ] right right okay cool let's see what's up that was good yeah good great question hey man and chris love the pothole hope. you guys are doing well i'm seeking some dating. and relationship advice i met. this girl we were going. on dates really hitting it. off doing the horizontal. mambo life was ripping for about. a month sounds good we were spending four. or five days in a row. hanging out each week which became exhausting. and i told her i think we're spending too. much time together it. was in delicate how i said. it and it came out at the wrong. time um i really hurt. her feelings and she told me. i'm a bad purse. and that she doesn't want to. see me again two weeks. later she reached out we met up. and talked she apologized. we agreed we wanted things to. be back to. how they were um but ever since then it's been about. three or four weeks. the hangouts have been infrequent. it doesn't feel the same. her texts have been dry and she's been leaving. me on red i was curious. should i reach out and see you know. how she's feeling um and if this happened. to you how'd you handle. it and how to. pan out yeah thanks okay. wait before we even. get into that leaving someone on red. i want to. talk about this i think about this. sometimes people are real water. people are always like oh i'm gonna leave them. on red like show them. something oh let him. oh let him suffer on red. yeah it's like leaving somebody on red. you know who leaves [ __ ] unread. people who have a life. dude like i don't respond. right away to any. of any people who text me yeah. and i also don't have red receipts. which is change it for everyone. don't ever have that but like i i don't know. i don't i don't find that. insulting if someone read. my text three hours or three. days before and hasn't responded yet. um i'm codependent though. so i do okay. well i don't so i'm smarter. and have it more figured out. than you so that's the final word. on that part yeah but but this. guy i knew what when he was saying. it that that was a huge mistake. why why do people do that. why are people like what. like this guy why is does. he say oh maybe we're seeing each maybe. maybe we're moving too fast. maybe or maybe we're seeing each other. too much like what you're you're seeing. her because you want to. yeah so if you want to. why would you even want. to scale back in the first. place like there's no like set ideal of how often you see somebody you see somebody the amount that. you want to. see them yeah so why would he well he either. in in all like do all due respect. [ __ ] it up by saying because he's fearful avoidant or he is uh he he doesn't like her that much but he obviously does sure yeah but me sometimes it takes it takes well okay so if he's somebody who keeps people at a distance because he's scared because his walls are up if that's what it is then he should say that to. her so that he has an explanation for saying. that but there's many people who are like that. that don't know they're like that. okay well congratulations now you know. say that in the text. say say like i don't know why i said that. that was stupid not only did it. come out wrong. but like i think i had some like fear of wearing myself. out on like with you and i don't i'm scared. to wear myself out with you so like hopefully i was wrong. i i don't know what i was thinking. it was a stupid. thing to say like. obviously things were good then if we could get back. to where we were that. would be amazing i'm sorry. is yeah you think so you think he's i wasn't really clear. is you think he he so he wants to. does he want it. to get back to. the way it was yeah. it seems like it to. me yeah yeah i guess. it did seem like that. yeah just say that say like yo. i don't know why i said that. i jumped the gun. i think i was being a little bit of fear. a little bit fearful i was insecure. or whatever but uh i noticed your texts. have been dry lately. and if it's because of a reaction because of that because you think you need to. be that way because i said that. i understand but let me take accountability. and responsibility for that so and tell you that that isn't what i meant. isn't what i meant i was being you know. not true to myself. i was scared and uh i'd love to. you know uh stop that [ __ ] and let's move and then let's move forward or laughing. that hard made me tired man. wow yeah or you know. maybe you're just you don't want to. be with her you gotta yeah. she does though he wouldn't do this. i i understand but i'm just trying. to think like if i like i would have never done. that well i'm a different i'm not. fearful of it and i'm very uh i'm very codependent. but yeah okay i don't know. yeah take massive life. just yeah take my advice. a baby hey what's up. everybody get right into. it it's the same color. the other night four months. old i was with this. girl that i've known for a few. weeks and you know things escalated. we was going through the horizontal. mamba nice but she told me. oh i don't like condoms when i pulled. out the rubber and i'm like aren't you worried about having a kid stds great. she's like oh i'm on birth. control don't worry i get checked. all the time i'm clean. what about you so i just wanted to. know what you boys. would do in this. situation are you telling her. hey sorry i gotta keep myself. protected can't do it great. question or is it like depends on the scale of if she's a bombshell or like you. know yeah it all depends just save the world. just shoot his parents yeah like a one versus ten. are you you going in raw. with the 10 or is it. just a no deal all. around gotta protect yourself gotta stay. clean yeah let me know. okay if go ahead if you guys. gotta be clean you. gotta be yeah you gotta be clean. here's the deal though if you don't have your own. car you can do it. because she might be better off. than you and then like you guys could figure out. life together because it sucks. if you don't have a car you're saying you can hit your wagon to. someone who has is better. off than you if you have a baby. but is he it's a birth. control he said but he's talking about well yeah but here's the thing. it's not news but people be. lying okay but here's the thing. if someone says that to. you yes you yes in this. case it's the woman she's saying i've been tested. and i'm on birth control. but like what about sorry. to break it to. you all the guys out there. you're not the only one that. this woman might be having sex. with so like not even in a distrustful. way just in like a safe. way yeah you just always want. to wear a condom if. it's your if it's your partner. and you guys are exclusive. obviously yeah then who cares. but like but he's talking he's with a 10. why. does that matter i don't understand. because you get to. the same exact. thing biologically yeah i know. something and you can get someone. pregnant and a lot of things you don't have your own. car and if you live with a roommate. and you're 29 or up. up above that and you have a 10. that's not. happening though because you're 29 have a roommate and don't have a car. depends on where you are. dude if you're in the [ __ ] the the if you live in a swamp land. you know what i mean. if you live if you're on a bayou and like you just got the dime. there by mistake like what the [ __ ] the [ __ ] show in canada like there's people that live in the middle of nowhere there's a really hot you know chick in it all right i mean that's an extreme but i'm just saying though like you you you you you knock her up by mistake and you don't have a car and you live with a roommate she all of a sudden makes you look good and we're elevated right and then all of a sudden all right it's like the [ __ ] secret or you made your own vision board but the nutting the don't worry i'm on birth. control is a there's a glaring hole. in that state yes because what about. other things well no but also not. just worried about children. i get it you're not going. to get hiv and pretty much. everything else is whatever curable except for herpes. but here's the deal you're just chill. about stis why no but well i mean. herpes is the bad one and then otherwise you can just kind of take a pill right. yeah but it's like i mean. what are you talking about. what i'm worried about more. is uh people be lying first of all. about the birth control. and then second of all sometimes. women will be like i take birth. control and they take it every day. but not every day. at 10 a.m they take it. at 10 a.m they take it. at 3 p.m they ticket. it and then the pill. doesn't know what to. do and whoopsie daisy i let my [ __ ] soldiers in there and now we've got a kid but all of the everything. we're saying actually doesn't matter whether it's you're afraid of getting. an std or getting someone pregnant. or if you're the woman. you don't trust a guy who says he's been tested. recently which you shouldn't always. with someone who you're not exclusive. with always insist on protection whether you're a woman. or the man bing bong. okay yep hey chris matt my name. is marta i'm 30 years. old and i live in brooklyn. and unfortunately i need some help. with a stranger danger problem. no um a little background i have. volunteer job that i do tuesday. mornings i um feed a. colony of stray cats cool. i know your dog people apologies. um and there's been this man. that's been showing up um to. the place every tuesday morning when i'm there for like about a month and he just asks me the same questions. over and over again and i feel like i've been pretty like polite. about it i've been like okay. um yeah he asks. me what what am i doing. uh [music] how many of the cats. do i own oh man. i don't own any of them. they're wild um and just all the food. get eaten which arguably is the weirdest question. out of all of them. so i don't really know what to. do should i like ignore. him should i no i don't know. should i spin moo not sorry. um yeah i mean obviously he's crazy. right yes what do i do. uh bring somebody next time. bring somebody whether that's a a girlfriend. or a man bring somebody and have that. person say something to. that person because it's a situation that. could get harry if you are if it could go sideways. in a number of ways. with a crazy person so you bring someone. as as like a buffer as protection. but also to. be the person to. be like create some kind of like uh pushback. like why are you what she says you. ask questions of it if it's a guy he should just be like what do you why do you ask the same. heard the same questions every week. like she told me. about you i'm like what what is. that about or something. you know i think you bring somebody. uh at least once maybe twice. in a row because if you confront the guy. the first time you want to. make sure that you're protected the next time. you go unfortunately in any city. you know you're in brooklyn. i used to. live in new york. there's a number of scenarios. where there's just a crazy. guy who gets in the way. all the time i used to. live downtown and there was a really crazy. guy who used to. pretend like he worked in the parking. lot that i parked my car. in and he was just a crazy. guy he would like ask if i wanted to. get my like windshield clean. or like whatever and i was just like at a certain point. i was like you don't work. here you did i know. that yeah you know. what i mean i know. you don't work here he was he i don't even. remember what he said it. wasn't even the point. like he was a crazy. guy you know it. didn't matter uh what i said. he was going to. keep doing what he was. doing but uh you know. i'm a six foot one. man and that's that's an immediate difference. right there i think you should bring bring a guy. at least bring a friend. of some kind yeah absolutely. have to there's no question. yeah it did you never know. what the [ __ ] could happen if people are crazy. yeah yeah 100 yeah all right. nothing i mean i agree. with you okay like there's nothing else to. say but [ __ ] you got to. be careful yeah and bring bring a friend. to confront the person. or bring a friend in you confront him. when the friend is there. so you have like backup that's good. too but i still think through. the the big guy do it. yeah yeah of course yeah yeah every chick. has a big guy friend. yeah um i'll be quick. an expertise um i recently. got out of a longterm relationship. about a little over. a year and i have completely forgotten. how to speak to. women yeah get it zero. game no play whatsoever um advice. tactics anything please thank you. first of all stop thinking about that. because like every day. is a new day. every interaction is a new interaction. you know you could be to. [ __ ] you know the nutty professor. in one instance and then you're lothario the next like every day. is a clean slate. every person is a clean. slate just don't be a jerk and don't be insecure. you know what i mean. like though there's a vast territory between. those two things you don't need any skills. there's any anybody that's out there. being like i know how to. pick up girls is is an absolute like huckster right. those people are full of [ __ ] and because it's it's like there is no one size fitsall thing. it also that's like belittling. to everyone involved it's like as if there's like a trick. you can pull on women to. make them want to. have sex with you like this. yeah this is not remotely true. first of all yeah and second of all like doesn't everybody. know that that's not true. by now anyway not to. say that's what they're saying. but like i don't think there. is or i know that. there is not uh a right. thing to do in terms of like getting. women it's just like you you'll. be good i mean it's always be you yeah. to be you yeah because eventually. anyway they're gonna discover who you are so yeah. so be open and honest. and say hey look you know. uh i i've been in a relationship. by the way how long a year he said he's been out. of it for about a year. yeah oh okay he's out. of it for a year. and i think that's what he said. yeah yeah um and also put yourself into. situations that will help. you figure it out like go. to a place that where you approach. someone and talk to. them you'll get better at. it and you'll get a thicker skin for sure. also definitely definitely this might be the most important but be easy. on yourself yeah yeah as long. as you're not being a jerk and like getting drinks. thrown in your face or getting. the eyes rolled at you like as long. as you're not being mean. or nagging which i'm assuming this guy isn't he seems like a nice guy. yeah he does uh but don't take it. personally don't be hard on yourself. not everybody likes everybody like it's just like one of those. things you could be on a bad streak. it could be approaching. the wrong people i highly doubt. it has to. do with the way you're approaching. people you know uh unless again. you're getting in your own. head that sounds like that's the thing. you got to stop there's no tips. and tactics except for just be yourself. i've done every just remember that every time you approach someone. in this way it's you have a clean. slate they don't remember the dumb. thing you said to. the person the other last couple. weeks a couple weeks ago. like they weren't there you are a new. person to this. new person you are new. to this that's true. you're not new to. you you're the same old. idiot to yourself yes. everybody's the same old idiot. to themselves yes but to. the person that you're meeting. right now right in front of you. you're new to them. give yourself a [ __ ] break yeah yeah give yourself a break. be you give yourself a break. those are the two things. a hundred percent okay. and also congratulations on your snowboarding that you obviously. yeah congratulations on all the trophies. you won so cool. you want to. do one more yeah cool. falling hey guys lulu from new york. city here so i'll find out. in the background as always can't. see of course i'm a long. time baby matt big fan. of your work watched american. animal recently oh yeah my question. for you both is how do you manage anxiety. when you're sort of in the public. eye um i'm a musician performer uh i go on stage. a lot i'm getting kind of well. known for what i do but i deal. with panic attacks um i struggle. with like ocd chris i know same. for you um you know. just when you're panicking they have to. be on stage or in front of people. it can be really scary. i'm in therapy uh of course it's helpful. history betterhelp dot com but always the advice. i'm looking for so i guess. as two successful dudes. with careers and families. and whatnot and who survived. um you know almost blocking out. on a plane how you manage. anxiety when you're either. on stage or in front of or behind. a camera i'm also a licensed. psychotherapist so sometimes it's hard. to give myself my own. advice a deeper whatever. anyway that's it love you guys. chris see you february 18th. matt you got beautiful hands. all right new york uh yeah. it's weird too especially because i have some too but no no. i have beautiful hands. she said hmm people say that. about you huh. i mean yeah i mean i i think well did you get it. or not i get it. a lot since we started doing. this better than mine i mean. my hands look way. better than yours okay. but i i don't know uh yeah. uh i mean you can speak better. this than i can but i i don't like i mean. i don't mind like being recognized. because everybody would recognize me. is generally very nice. to me uh because they know who i am because they're a fan. of one thing or another. but i generally share your anxiety. uh and i'm a [ __ ] hermit okay. your turn that's my solution. but that's not a good solution. it's tough i mean look you. know it's all about the work right. you're a singer and uh part of the reason. why you're good at what you do. is because of this stuff you're very. sensitive and the ocd is about control. and you want to. try and control the situation. and you can't and i get that uh i live that way. as well and um i think that what you got to. do is just well first of all there. are things you can do. for like ocd and there's behavioral therapy. and there is a brain. a book called brain. lock that's really good if you look. it up um and you get it. but but you know dealing with. the stuff and dealing with it. in your career uh we're in an age. now where you can just kind of be. transparent and and talk about it. too you can write. a song about it it. can fuel your work so you know i understand. the the feeling shame about. it trust me and i understand. the hardship of it. but you can just use it. to actually fuel yourself and make you a better. person and make yourself a better artist. so uh you know it's not you the ocd. and the panic attacks but it's a part. of your makeup and and that's okay. and you can get through. it uh remember that it's your brain. but you didn't ask for it. you simply didn't design it so it's a part. of you and as artists. or as an artist in your case. just sort of like if you can the ideal thing. is to fold it. in to your persona. and your work if possible. and that is not just being open. about it but as chris is saying. uh you said she's a singer. that's what she said okay. uh yeah making music. about it not like on the nose. but yeah i have oct but yeah actually. that would be good think about that. would be that'd be amazing. um but uh yeah i think that there. are a number of ways. of dealing with it through. the work yeah through the persona. that you're creating uh for. the public just love yourself. man you know talking to. me be okay with it yeah no okay. be okay with it you're okay. you're okay and don't don't uh don't kill. yourself over it you're you're a good. person well i mean i mean i mean that i don't mean. that actually no i know yeah. yeah colloquially i got you okay. all right well thanks for listening. uh you can go to. chrisley dot com i'm gonna be in san diego. tonight christie dot com. i'll be in new york. february 18th i'll see that. uh lovely lady there um at the beacon. theater and i will be in chicago. i will be in portland. and daytona and seattle a bunch of places. chrisley dot com breya improv. i will be doing dates. there in california uh let me know. oneonone sessions with me uh dwayne pride go get your session. uh book em at matalia. dot com uh tickets. for him is christalia dot com. uh and yeah uh oh the lifeline. merch life onmurch dot com get it. keep yourself warm look. good make everybody happy. buy it for everybody. that you've ever met and we're good. [ __ ] yeah dude thanks guys [music] 