 matal has never looked at a woman. even in any parts of her. body well um wouldn't go that far so anyway. you having sex like this just like this. watching ncis ncis and then a woman comes on. the screen you go like just i need to. c backa on runk hello. hello hello hello hello hello hello hello how many ices do you want. that's not a question. you want light ice you want no. ice or extra i. yeah light extra ice extra ice you want. extra ies so there going to. asked you yeah that's crazy. they even dude always the most. ice light ice is weird. i like no ice cuz i then i put my own. in well that's different that's fine. that's fine that's that's fine. that's i like i like to. uh have no ice cuz then i can add my own. ice yay yay that's the most boring thing. you could possibly say. i think well i don't agree. dude how about the fact that it's christmas. eve just hear those sleigh bells wringling. jing jing jingling too lovely. weather for you blind. you look so blind. in those glasses it's bl. dude you know what i look. blind in these glasses. and these and this grower dieye hoodie. which is awesome it's grow. actually talk about can you zoom. in anthony could you in the edit. zoom in it's absolutely embroidered. it is embroidered grow or die. people do not understand. that i'm not religious and they say you shouldn't have god. on there but he's you know. he's controversial he's always been controversal the sword it. says grower do look at that. you zoom in on there. um so it's at chris. dot com it's the best. merch we ever did and it's uh cold. so get it and it's christmas. eve so you can actually get it. now and be like yo i got you this. tomorrow on christmas when you see someone so there you go uh but anyway that's terrific do people really get mad about god oh of course that's so dumb dude of course of course god people well i mean i have stop getting upset. at stuff that affects your life. zero mh yay matt. yay bravo mato matt. yay we love you. oh dude throwing flowers um so and then also i'll tell you what's been really kicking and what you can. do is go to. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. holy franken i'll tell you what the last couple. yeah holy franken binkin anthony. blinkin it's crazy little bit it's crazy. crazy good all right yeah and it's it's it's pretty. good and so you could go get that. fill up your stocking with the patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. and then i have a a new i have new dates. on on sale uh sacramento. brea california phoenix el paso. uh albuquerque and then we got kona is that how to. say it this bc. vancouver bc uh rochester new york. uh kitner ontario sheveport louisiana. houston texas wow there's a lot. here corpus christie which i've never been to. durham which i love and norfol i think that's how you say. it norfol norfol virginia. so that's you go to. chris dot com and get him. up while they're still hot while. they're still there you get the good. seats uh that's it do you want. the good seats go. now and buy them. now okay you want the regular seats. yeah maybe wait a day. matt's got his pod. go to uh go to. go to the private dot com. submit you and your story to. be a guest on my soon. to be enormously famous. podcast the private record theprivate. record dot com follow us on instagram. and ti tok subscribe. on youtube chill right. chill chill chill so uh send us a submission. link is uh below and uh that's what what's up. now it's christmas coming up. tomorrow so it might be christmas. today you're listening to. this uh watching this. on christmas you could be avoiding. your family listening to. or watching this right. now so if it is all i can say is h. merry christmas and uh you know. what i actually don't like i don't like what what's up. with ho ho ho you know like that's not how people laugh that's not what sans is doing. man santa's ho ho ho is a completely singular. thing unto itself he's not laughing. really santa have you always thought santa. was laughing when he says ho. ho ho yes you have the weirdest brain well why is he just ever developed. by a human like he's an orgy. that's like what he says. like come like come one. come all it's like his expression. whatever ho ho ho and he comes down the chimney with his fat [ __ ] fat [ __ ] too early to. swear you know what i think. he is laughing oh. smack you think that or you know. that cuz he does. go like this a lot. of go ho ho they do like that cuz he's jolly dude. but jolly is on the way. to laughing it. is but it's not is it. isn't look look it. up i thought it was laughing. yeah ho ha what if it was that that's then he would be laughing then he'd be me uh i don't know but what i if it was hah haa he would be laughing if it's he he he he would be me if it's oh it's just it's just santa he's expressing immense happiness with boisterous laughter oh god well that's just google that's santa letter factory okay that's not a reputable source but you know what let me just say this google only shows you what it wants to. show you goog google. is the government dude late last night. my brother texted this thread. the lifeline thread which is me. and him obviously and then chris and anthony behind the cameras. and he just all out of the blue. texted google is the government right appropos nothing ao nothing. just a just an idiot down. a rabbit hole of idi. of of like idiotic. links you know it probably is. but but think about this though. like who used clicked on one. outbrain link on the bottom of some like page. and then clicked on another. link after the outbrain one. and ended up thinking the google. is the government okay so so check this. out the government's in control. right okay all right. cool all right right okay cool fine. sounds good how about this bureaucratic government. agencies yes they're in control. of that okay sounds good okay. cool hey yeah okay give us the rules. government okay so check this. out dude who hey fentura dude ace ventura. wow dude oh oh does the government have their own search. engine oh or do they use google. oh so google so everybody. uses google oh so everybody. could type in anything on google. and get a preplanned uh biased uh list. of things that they're looking. up and oh and also the government does that so oh so google. is in control of everything. because if the government wants to. google something oh google's. the one that puts out the bias. list and now oh the officials in the government. check that list and then oh they're shaping society. so oh it's not necessarily the government that's shaping. society oh it's google so google's. the government thank you very. much merry christmas ho ho ho google's. the government dude the wise. ass thing you're doing oh. it only makes the argument you're making that. much more annoying and idiotic. imagine imagine a lawyer. did it or like in congress. people were doing it i mean. i guarantee you someone's done. that yeah congressmen and women. like when they take the mic. on the like at some kind of session. they're such like righteous yeah. ironic [ __ ] oh so i take that what i take that. to mean is you hate. america and that's what you're saying. isn't it yeah and then the person has like 12. seconds to respond. why yeah why is that. why are the mics so bad in congress. too you know it's always like they don't know how to. use them cuz they're just some dentist. and then they're 56 and get elected and then they're sitting in front of a mic. and don't know what to. do stripping stripping that is a good. hoodie though you should buy that everybody. so so some dentist you. know um that's what these people are dude. i i'm i'm just saying i'm just saying okay. don't get me don't get me. started i almost got started but i stopped okay. that's but what i'm saying. is the that google shapes. our world more than you. know it i think it. shapes our world a whole. lot okay but more than you. know it google is the go. no well maybe yeah google. is the government because google. is in control of the government because it's biased and it. can sway anything election oh check please. but when you say in control. of the government what do you what do. you even mean the government uses google. that's why i only use what does. that mean the government uses being more what what does. that mean the government uses google dude. like what are you saying. when government okay look google did you ever. see the thing where they google. uh uh something like a top. or something uh republican races. uh winner races winner whatever and it. says like and and the first suggestion. is republican racist quotes. and it's like oh dude. we're getting shaped have you read. that book i mean probably have you read. that book about what what is. i got to look about the cl. by i read it i. read it let me let me find the title. but that's the thing it's like google. can just basically shape us dude. and they could sway the election. they can really sway a lot. of they've done control tests. and all this stuff about the we need more. you know we need more search. engines that are they have. a monopoly google and facebook. they have a monopoly on. this thing that we need more. social networks and we need more. search engines okay you're. being a crazy guy this. is why i use lyos only. an ad sponsored by lyos. you no but that's why we got to. use bing more but i'm just saying um oh it's called. everybody lies it's about what people. really search on google. and the reason why certain searches are are uh suggested is because what people actually google. is not at all what they purport to. think out in the world. sure and think certainly think about out. out in the world yeah okay so they're saying that and there's all these studies in the book that's like they have google analytic information. which i think is accessible. to everybody right google. dashboard has like all this information yeah. i mean so they claim dude. oh so skeptical just watch planemic you know. no but i'm just saying i mean. bleep that i don't want to. get you know i've seen it. but also seen z but i what have. you seen loose change loose. change was like the first i know. like idiot person thing. that that people were like oh have you seen. it it was an inside. job but okay so hold. on a second though uh i remember eating. that up by the way. dude me too but that's people are dum. no no no i never no. wait hold on you. didn't watch it and then think that 911. was an inside job. i watched loose change and and and thought something was fishy. about 911 which is but something is fishy. about 911 no it's not the most clearcut thing. ever but we don't know the whole. truth there's no way's what do. you mean when you say we don't know. the whole truth about everything. it's all there are very weird. things that happen on you mean. like saudi arabia's links to. the terrorist sure i know we don't know and we might not ever. know but if we're talking about what happened. on that day we have a really. really really good idea bush. knocked down towers you know. that's that rap song by. moral technique it was you it. was you bush knock bush knocked. down them towers wow that is it. was you the definition. of ignorant you know. well didn't knock down the towers. the bush have longstanding ties with very. very weird families if anybody sure. and they're corrupt as fr. that's what i'm saying they're corrupt. fros but that doesn't mean. that they there was an inside. job there's no connection. i'm not saying that george bu was like well. knock down the towers if you need proof. that there was no connection. just look at his reaction to. learning that it happened he's too the fact. that you could think that he could control. anything is crazy he's just always like what. yeah yeah ex so you know. he would he didn't orchestrate this. but i'm saying just look at his paintings there's a good. glimpse into his mind. and his uh but anyway this is really great. christmas talk but merry christmas. and uh the google's in control. of the government and so merry christmas. and um i hope quarterback i hope. it's great dude merry christmas. i hope that uh everyone had a good. christmas i hope everyone is having a good. christmas and i hope that uh the hanukkah hanukkah. was good i hope that k. quanza will be good and boxing. day and all that all of the holidays. that you can celebrate i hope all. of you that are celebrating each one. of those are having the greatest one. you've ever had yeah it's been a rough. year for a lot of people but it's time. to celebrate and get happy. for the on coming year. okay that hasn't come yet. might be amazing okay. uhhuh okay what about the christmas. the next year might be amazing. oh yeah i know i know i know but then it's like it. won't be because there's an election. right well it won't be because it's just a year. and every year is similar. to the year before. generally speaking and years are bad. okay let's be positive though. yeah no next year's going to. be great let's start. all right let's start. we know him yeah we do yo. what's up matt what's up. up chris what's up. i'm going to get right. to it who's this. guy again i have got a very unique. situation on my hands we don't. know him i am a bit. befuddled with how to. move forward okay so i've recently. started dating this girl we're both around. 30 years old okay. it's been going really great. um but this past week. i've learned some unique information about her. i don't know if it's a red flag. or not so she has multiple friends. who are much older men. okay like guys in their 60s. mult how many mult and what gets even. more peculiar is the details about the relationships. of these men so one. older man that she is friends. with is her first boyfriend. from high school his father. oh whoa so over. the past 15 years or so. they've stayed in contact they text. he sends her good morning. like there's hearts in the text what he sends their pictures of his puppy sometimes he even brings over gifts. like wine or marijuana and they hang out. i don't want to. make any assumptions or come to. any conclusions very fair of you. just want to. present the facts that's happening. that's it's unique it's yeah. that is certainly unique. that that's unique secondly later. next month um she works. in the medical field. she's going to be going. to like a christmas. holiday party with an older. guy from work doctor cheats. more than people in the his 60s. yeah and they're g to. be all crashing at another coworker's house. who was in her. 20s so it's going. to be a bunch of people in their 20s. early 30s and then old man. bill he's also going to. be like sleeping over so i get what's going. on i thought that was peculiar. all good um so she has these like i get it. wait wait wait pretty close friendships with much. older men got it and another factor a couple factors to. take she's very case clos. buddy got it in her. past she has dated a man. that is 20 years. older than her thanks buddy. so she's into older. guys or at least open. to the idea of men. problem i'll handle this one so open. i'm just going to. leave it there great and please. let me know gotcha what you. guys think about this um i do plan. i do like her a lot. she's awesome cool so if i do want. to take this relationship further i obviously have to. address this i have to. bring it up and and just learn. more information about it i guess. um is this a red flag. is it not how should i approach it. with her um i'. love any your guys thoughts and well you're going to. get them you're going to. get about it hey dude ice. out she's a hooker. all good moving on dude. hey all good shing dude. all good all good. all good you dating a. lady of the night and it's fine. move on ier outout sh hooking. it's all good dude. that is crazy you're dating. a hooker congrat ulations dude. nice to meet you oh. where's the woman oh her cool. very cool how much do i have to. pay to get my nut. sucked dude she is an absolute. hucker that's insane that is insane. if she's not a hooker. which is a very very very very very small. chance her dad died early. and she has huge problems all good. next so next one. let's explore just like for the sake. of just doing it let's explore. what our bank account. to see if we could afford [laughter]. her let's let's the clinic. to see if we what what should we explore. very slow small chance you. as you said1 she ain't hooking. i don't think it's as simple. as she's a hooker. i actually don't a h. first of all what do you mean. when you you don't think she's an actual hooker. right i think that there's a chance she could. be an actual hooker. but what do you think is more. likely he's probably giving her gifts. and and money and and she's letting them. slide in you oh so you actually. think that she's giv him. not just like it might it might just be attention. and and playfulness and flirting. but either way that's kind of hooking. and it's on it i wanted. to go with it okay. so so it's very possible. they're not actually having any sex. or or there's nothing being exchang extremely possible. that that's there's nothing being explicitly exchanged in terms of materials. besides from the older men to. her i'm saying there's maybe there's actually i would say a pretty. good chance that she's not actually. giving back anything besides a smile. and allowing it to. continue basically enough kindness to. allow it to continue that being said let's here's here's what i want. to say let's just say all. of it is as innocent. as can be the party. thing the coworker let's just say all. that is as as innocent. as possible right the thing. about the exboyfriend's dad mhm yeah is so so so weird. over the line that it. doesn't matter what's going on under it. like what i'm saying is it. doesn't matter if she's actually explicitly selling herself. for something namely sex. or if she's just like we really get along. and ever since my boyfriend. and i broke up. we've grown closer to. the point that now he's just like sends. me good morning. texts with hearts and comes over every once in a while that's just so weird. and dude i get it. i so get when you're so into. a girl at the beginning. that you're trying to. see it because when you hang out with her. she's normal she's fun she's funny. she's sweet she gets things. that you get she likes things. that you like i get it. dude but just trust me. and him even though. you shouldn't always trust him. in this instance it's fair. to do that he or she's something's. weird it's a crazy red. something is too. weird and if your question is is it. a red flag fine. that's how many red flags. are such a big red flag. yeah yeah okay oh dude. you don't even need to. like you don't even need to. know county fair what's. going on under it it. doesn't matter the surface is. weird enough do we keep entering. china because there are so many red. flags i keep seeing am i am i. walking in and out of china. over and over again because i keep seeing a red flag. yeah are you president. xi jingpin of china at a rally. for himself are you president. xi jingping cuz if because it seems like sean shan pen. we are because x shan. [laughter] pen ah yeah are you. president sean shan paul and for all those people that are like oh i don't like they fun of g name what's that president. i don't president sean shan paul. [ __ ] i don't paul's a a regga guy oh got it dude [ __ ] absolutely break. up with and go or you're a red. flag dude no or just say hey that's so weird. like i need you to. know how weird this is it's it's not just me. who thinks it it's also matt. and chris deia the only yeah the only one who doesn't think it's weird. is sean p sean uh paul dude. that is absolutely nuts. bro that's pretty nuts and it's your question. is is it a red. flag yes it's a red flag. she may not be hooking. obviously i'm the one who's going. to be making honestly. don't think that that is that indicates. she's a hooker no i know. but but my whole thing is if you okay. i i use the term. hooker loosely because because to. me though it's you're still kind of a hooker. if that's what you're doing. i that's why i asked you. to specify cuz i i knew you didn't mean. a prostitute but but but like it's like when you like what. is a porn star people. are like a porn star is people who have sex. on on on pornhub. or whatever to. me a porn star is like if you're on instagram. doing this like and your nipples peeking. out you're a porn star well. no i thought you going to. say the other way a porn. star is someone who's famous. for doing porn someone who works. in the adult the star thing. is what where i'm losing you i'm just. saying you do porn if you show. your nipples i don't give a. [ __ ] and you know you could call me old or whatever the [ __ ] but like yeah i think that would classify you as oldfashioned to. think but and and and do what you want. this is great i think more people should show. their nipples but don't act like. you don't do porn that's what a pornographic. image is sure so there you go. i mean you got people busting. it wide open and they're acting like it's not. they're like no i sing. huh eat the porn. who sings i don't know. i'm just saying only fans people are like check out. my new album and stuff. well we live in a world. where you know people do all these different. things fine like real actresses do have only fans now i'm a comedian. we that i know but i'm a comedian. i'm also a conspiracy. theorist you could be a lot. of different things you know. dude i know i have a podcast. i'm also a writer i've been that. for many many years but also i'm basically like tony robbins. i'm i'm tony robbins 2.0 i just i just my. whole thing is that's a huge red. flag it's very weird um you know there there's nothing wrong. with it if you know what's going on. and she is coping to. it but i she probably doesn't even. know why she's doing it dude. you got to break. it you got the mixed. up person you got to. break it down real get real. with her and just say look i understand. that you have this perspective. that you think it's normal. but let's just talk it all. the way through cuz i really want you to. understand where i'm coming. from about how weird this. is okay and then have that conversation. it's not it's not like you need to. nix her out of your life. no right if you have the conversation. she's like oh wait i get it. or i understand what you're saying. and it's worth it to. me because you think it's so weird. for me to stop whatever like there's a number. of ways this can go with that. include you remaining her. boyfriend or whatever. stage you're at with her you know. yeah and i i also i don't know. man i mean it's just does. i i would like here's for me. i would like her like if i was if this was happening. to me right i would i would be like it's important. for me to it's important. to me that you know. that these guys want to. have sex with you i want. you to know i cuz if the second she's like no. i don't think it's like that. you you're either with an idiot or a bullshitter. and then it's like i can't have that. kind of person around me. yeah you know and that. whole argument of like well. you think that all i have. to offer is sex and it's like of course not no. but to a 60yearold man and yeah yeah yeah i mean you know what are you. going to sit and talk. about right i mean of well that's just like strawmanning the the thing. you're bringing to her. if you bring it that. to her and she says what do you think think all i'm good. for is sex it's like well. ob no that's not at all. what i'm saying i'm saying what these guys. we can't ignore the bra. right we can't ignore the boy. y yo right you know what i'm saying. developed a stutter and keeps stuttering on this one word that you're trying to. say we can't we cannot ignore. the develop stut develop the stutter. we cannot ignore the boyel the stutter. we cannot dude okay okay. nextway next i mean read this. wait hold on hey chris hey matt. i had to type because my younger. brother and his 18yearold girlfriend. flat next door but i would agree. eye contact longer than 3 seconds over a span of several times has to. give the impression you're physically. attracted to somehow to. someone i have caught her promiscuously. dead pants staring multiple times i look. at her like she's my sister. but she's also hot respectably i don't know. if i should tell my brother. what could i do this. is just a video it. looks like it's a 1993. wow and uh he's saying old on it. yeah well it actually also says it but yeah is this. from 3 no so but that that this. is hilarious so okay. so he has a younger brother. who has his an 18yearold. girlfriend who he thinks of as his sister. he couldn't say this cuz on the video. they're right next to. him right but he the guy's face. she looks at him just like this. with eyes that imply attraction. undressing or sexual like like hope. hopeful for sexual activity right. uh what it was his question. what does he do. well here's the thing i know. what you do nothing. yeah the most ha nothing there is. no i think that so if you look at somebody. for more than 3 seconds if they're like in a coffee. shop or a stranger you're attracted to. them but if it's somebody you're in a room. with and it's your brother's girlfriend. sometimes you need to. look at somebody for longer. than 3 second like i look at every person. in this room for much. longer than 3 seconds that. doesn't mean anything besides i have respect for them. what you like what are you. maybe this guy just has she has respect everyone. you know look at the ground. when they talk to. you like what are you talking. about when people look at people. that means they're either listening. or just paying attention. like what are you what. people look at people no. but staring at him she sneaking looks he said. 3 seconds though is what he said he's saying over three seconds. but yeah cuz we i think we talked about this. but so but okay so what's 3. seconds so let's look at this. so let's take this. camera right here so this. is me looking at somebody for 3. seconds ready okay right. okay you count it ready. go ahead now that was 3 seconds. i mean that's pretty uncomfortable. if you're staring at somebody for that. long and like if they see you staring don't look. away yeah and they're not. talking let me do it. you count it i'll look. okay okay ready i'm going. to count out loud. though ready okay go ahead. do whatever no one 2. 3 yeah it's pretty it's uncomfortable. yeah well but does it doesn't mean. longer than that it doesn't mean. anything though what i'm saying. i looked at a person. oh we look at the camera. dude why am i doing. that okay fine okay. okay ready go ready. ready go ready and go one. two three it's uncomfortable uh i wanted people to. know because they're looking at you. now me do it again. again one two i mean. that would be so weird. r&b cover you know. two of them yeah um that's inside. flap so but yeah i i just i think it's an uncomfortable. thing to do to. a stranger if you're doing to. a stranger for sure if you're single and you're out. you know and a a woman is looking. at you or a man. is looking at you for three. more than three seconds that's your i would say that. that's kind of an open. invitation to hey what's up. i would say stranger sure yeah stranger. right again again this. is someone who knows her by his own. words very well well that's what i'm saying. so it may just be her. it may be nothing it may. be nothing i mean. people are crazy maybe she does have a weird. thing that she wants to. i agree it may be nothing. and therefore because of the situation that. it is got because it may. be nothing you have to. act and there and actually believe is something. because to believe let alone. act but to. believe otherwise is to. cause such problems havoc like. what havoc to. cause havoc so much. and why bother. like why would you start. that you need someone to. be like hey i have intense. irrepressible feelings for you to. like which i dealt with a lot of times a lot. of people say that. to me no and it's it's you know it's at some point. it's mo in my 30s. people would say that to. me cuz i was really strapping uh it. was most of my day. i was dealing with that. question no okay never happened. uh but yeah crazy. intense feelings about you. everyone sit down you know. i get them all together. a lot of guys i know. always think so this is common. guys so and so likes them. like some girl can they can tell and it's just like you know. why right biology guys. have to think that okay. but i know that but it's it. would be and i said it. it would be better if those guys. also believed people look. at people bad for biology. because they're around but but that is foration. of the human race. sure but like you need wants me. hey what's up you need. to think that baby. comes out right and need think that the human. races people look at people the end. bye next i think what i like. about this guy the most is that he said i would agree. before saying the thing about looking at you. for 3 seconds yes just starting a new thought with i would agree. that is what he did. yeah well was it again. i would agree that looking at somebody. for 3 seconds longer means that they want. to i have it in my head. nobody [ __ ] said that i have it i have it in my head that we've talked about that in this on this show. before oh really i think we have yeah. and and if we haven't that's an awesome. conversational tactic to. use you know what i would. agree that you've been a dick. last week but i would like to. say people like wait wait wait did. i say that yeah it's a really. good debate str great. great that's great i'm going. to use that thank you very much uh elvis so all right. i was going to. say that i know and and and i'm shocked you didn't. why didn't you can't say. everything can't say i can't say everything. that comes into. your mind no no i know. but it's funny i'll let you do it. do you agree it's funny. but did you but it's not it's not as funny. as i have to. do i think it's here what if it was just me and you i would have said it. i don't know if enough people know thank you very much it's associated. i think you have a piece of lint here. in your hair gna pull a prank on. me dog [ __ ] smear dog [ __ ] in my hair okay uh all right co next one hi chris hi matt uh my name is britney i live in san jose california and i am in love with both of you so much so funny really just made me happy in times where i didn't want to. be happy yeah anyway it's christmas. time great and i'm really stressed out. i don't have a ton of money. to spend on presents. and i feel obligated to. get everyone a doesn't like he s it. like you know my two close. friends my boyfriend his mom his dad. his sister his sister's. boyfriend like okay i i i have something. i'm just stressed out and i i don't have. racks on racks on racks. um and i'm not a grinch. like i love christmas. and i loveing it's just this time. of year stresses me. the f out so and i'm not creative. like i i like i can't. really make anything but i'm wondering how how do i get inexpensive. gifts like that don't look like i got them. from the dollar store and that. aren't like super impersonal. um any advice will help that. dog is hilarious so i don't. have to give my dog. away like i don't want to. i don't want to. give my dog away because i can't afford him you know. that dog is a shadow did does. that dog want to. [ __ ] me and staring at me for longer. than 3 seconds um i i well. first of all let me take something. off your your back here. i think that if your boyfriend's family. he deals with that i don't. think you have to. worry about that you that's on him. you know like well if they're going to. be get everyone in the if say going. to get her something i get it. i i i think it's still on. him get meaning what meaning it's up. to him to to. like if if kristen was like what do i get your dad. i say this oh i see what. you're saying yeah and then i obviously i pay. for it on him. you mean oh well there you go. okay so you do mean. he not only thinks of it. but pays for it. i think so okay if it's his family. here's the thing and this is the most important. thing this goes honestly. for everybody who celebrates christmas. and has people to. get gifts for who get gifts. for them and they feel like they don't know. if the person that you're giving a gift. to actually gets upset. or even slightly bothered by the fact. that you didn't spend a lot. of money on them. as a on a christmas. gift and these people are adults. yeah those people those people suck yeah it's crazy. okay that's crazy you don't suck. for not having enough money to. get expensive gifts for them. they suck for being like why. didn't this person who doesn't have a lot. of money spend it a lot. a lot of it on me. okay so that alone. should that fact should remove. some of the stress on you you. don't it's and i it's not just like i mean. i know it's tired to. say like it's the thought that counts. you got to get a gift. anyway for some people so it's not like it's not your thought it's the holiday that. makes you get a gift. for them but like something thought thoughtful from person. to person someone that that it's like either. there's a good joke. that you guys have had for a while. or like something you know. someone else is interested in you. get them a book on that. or whatever it is like these things. are cheap just think about the person. and then get the gift. accordingly you don't need to. think well what's a great. gift to get for somebody. these people are all individual. people that you have individual. relationships with get them something that it can be. literally under $5. but that is just even if it's just like a oh because it and those kinds of things. bring you closer it's not. about money if you're like an adult. if you're an adult and it's about money the christmas. gifts you get from other people. like you got something wrong. with you straight up make him. a sund dial make him a sund. dial and that's my point. make him a sundal it's super easy. you don't have to. be creative just put a stick. on a piece of wood. and be like look it's 2. o' you tell cuz the sun well. we got to go. outside but it only works. outside it's raining ah [ __ ] it uh i should buy something i bet sunnd. dials are harder to. make than we realize so maybe not i just use my penis. i go outside yeah i i i i i lay down. i start thinking of my wife. and then and then once i i'm completely thinking of her. i it's completely straight up and that's when i oh i see right. right okay yeah okay i go like this. i'm outside if i'm if i'm outside at night. it doesn't straight up if i'm outside. in the daytime in the backyard. and i'm and you see me. naked on the ground going. my wife my wife my my wife. my wife i'm trying to. tell the time oh is that what. you're doing yeah oh i've i've seen. i'm trying to find out. what time it is yeah oh what time. is it oh hold on. one second my wife my wife my wife me. just like this my wife my wife. my wife i think it's 2:30 but i can't. talk cuz of the hair um so dumb you know uh yeah mhm don't i understand. cuz i stress too but like you got to. you got to always remind yourself. if these people are my point. is they're not thinking that way. they're not thinking how much money. this person spend on me. unless you're peace unless what unless you peace. what does that mean. you're piece of [ __ ] oh right exactly that's my point. and [ __ ] girlfriend hanging out with a 60yearold right yeah what'd you get me. hey let's all sleep over. the house yeah yeah you sleep. in the bed too you're 60. okay cool what's this. the more i think about that. the weirder it is actually. yeah it's so weird. dude hey what's all this. oh hey well look at that. oh that's what that is okay. dude tim it sounded like you were a monster. allen eating someone dude. i saw tim allen. the other day driving by not even. at a comedy club. did he go this. no i was driving by. he was walking out of a starbucks. and let me tell you something. about tim allen that dude. looks [ __ ] great he's 70. years old and the guy looked topnotch i guess. money but like money is helpful. in this yeah but i mean the guy. just looked great he's in good. shape it's messed up but it's true. a lot of people in hollywood. just look yeah they age. better now let me so and that's money. i guess okay so i'm 43. i i guess i i i look good for 43. i think you know like if you if you see a guy that's just 43. chances are he's going to. be fat and pink you know. what i'm saying but like but like i don't do. anything except you work. out like crazy right but that's not money. okay right so so it's i don't there's no no. monetary i don't use. money for anything to. keep me looking young. like i don't have face creams. i don't have any sort of regimen. i take a shower i. use dove soap i work. out and i eat i mean. that's that's true of dad. i mean dad into. his 70s looked always like 15. years younger than people his age. that's true of him too. yeah i guess so so some people just age. better but then there are people. like if you look at like if you look at cameron. diaz she hasn't had much work done. she looks [ __ ] amazing you look at j. robert she hasn't yeah she hasn't had much work done. she looks [ __ ] amazing oh i bet you julia roberts. has had plenty of work done. right some but i bet. she's but but i'm telling you. a lot of these people look like they haven't had work done. that's because they've had such good. work done okay so that there's that but then there are also those beverly hills. out people that just look so terrible. yeah like nicole kidman yeah. right so she's got the same. money as j robert sometimes your face. doesn't react the right. it's just like you know all right. uh all right i don't understand. with with actors specifically the fact that they do. so much work to. their face almost inevitably makes their face more frozen. harder to. move that is literally the the only thing. that matters as an actor well. subtlety that what did your face. like you can't freeze that. up you can't make your one. tool that you need less also good how weird is it. that they do that they do. uh like they'll do like they'll get lip. injections and then cheek fillers and then a chin. and then like they'll be they'll do movie. about like juliia caesar and you're like oh they had work back then look at her. titties are like so fake and she she got a bbl. and she's like sa. the hell's a bbl. brazilian buttlift oh man. but that ah why does that. gross me out so much you know. what cuz you have to. sit on it yeah it's like so makes me so uncomfortable. sit on it what's that. alucino thing what it right. what is that though what's it. from i i don't remember it. was on the soundboard right. was it s and you s on. it was that just from an impression. you did oh it might have been from my impression. i did yeah but anyway um uh that's the thing. about the brazilian buttlift. is is that disgusting. no it is is that is that it's disgusting. but no put intended um they're getting. real good at it what does. that mean they docs. oh and you don't know sometimes. i you know what's i mean. i'm i'm like the worst person. to talk about this because i don't even. look at butts really on. women yeah women i don't look. at butts on women yeah really yeah. okay now let me ask you. a question what's wrong. with you i don't know i don't know i can't answer. that cuz i i i'm me. and i don't i don't know that's interesting. isn't that amazing so what's wrong. with that what's wrong. with you i don't i i i don't look at butts. so you ba them. mayo no that's not what that means the beta. mayo i look at other things like penises. no other things on i'm doing. right no i don't what's his name. jesse lee peterson oh. that guy oh dude. yeah you must not be doing a great. impression i'm doing a great. impression no that's this. is what he says yeah. oh that's amazing i know i know i knew that better. than you so it's okay but i did. that dude it's okay thank you so um hold on uh you don't look at butts. i i mean obviously that's i know. i know i don't peep. them like you you you never do. a lean here's what i never do when a woman walks byh really i've never done that in my life. dude yeah what yeah. i i just me ne. what what i do is i i walk. back i trop backwards to. stay looking at the front of them. oh wow that's really creepy. yeah yeah it is eyes. eyes eyes eyes up eyes. eyes up here up here. so um yeah wow no i i'm not even. legs they're not what i don't. know what just zero like like nothing. no no tits no face. no i'm g in fact. i don't even look at women. i just look right. their head i look at the sidewalks. uh dude this is crazy. no i'm like uh a waste up person. yeah much more than than i think. most men yeah oh wow. yeah so not like black guys. what about black guys they love. butts oh they do yeah. you could honestly your face. could look like an armoire a as long. as you got a back. on it i guess. black dudes really do love a bunny hey hey look at that. that's coyote that's wild coyote i know. but i mean different cartoons looney. tunes but like you know. there's a connection to. them and all um yeah that's uh really wild. one time i was walking i'll never forget. this it was in sacramento. which i will be in january. so get tiet at chris. dot com but i was in sacramento. and i was walking with who who was i walking. with i don't remember who was featuring for. me at the time but i was walking. down the street a woman. walked by and i i i guess i i i look back. she was pretty i looked back. at her to see her. whole thing you know cu. i don't judge a book. just by its cover i go to. the back cover too and what a good. guy and uh i want to. see who wrote it you know. who wrote it and um that is the worst. poem now don't ruin it. because people aren't going to. know what you're doing i've ever. heard him laugh but people aren't going. to know what you're doing. and you're ruining what i'm doing. right now right so you're taking it and you're steering it away. and that's an inside joke. that we have that some people might know. i ruined two things. it's okay yeah i'm just counting. okay so so i look to. see who wrote the book. and another woman walking this. way says seriously you're [ __ ] disgusting. wow and i say get the [ __ ] give me a break. okay that's it that didn't go. where i thought it might go. yeah fine i'm a good. story where i thought that would go. that's good i'm a good story yeah. so wait what did she say. again exactly she says oh you're disgusting. are you serious you're disgusting. her it's not disgusting. you're disgusting for different. reasons well in my head going. be right but it was not for that. in my head i'm like all. men do this but you don't. then i don't do that. oh my god mat lea. wouldn't do that no i really don't mat. is a way up guy. yeah it's just weird. mat would jog backwards and stay focused. on on the front of her. mat has never looked at a woman even in any parts of her body well um would go that far so anyway you having sex like this just like this watching ncis ncis and then a woman comes on the screen go like this i i need to. got back on wow that's ncis new orleans. not just ncis such a fraking. dork you know so it's all. good all right who's up. okay hey chris hey matt. anthony here from las vegas. i have a pretty big issue. i'm hoping you guys. can help me with uh regular people. using military time i work. the at a local hospital. and for whatever reason they love to. use military time instead of the standard. regular normal human time. my real issue with this. is like when we clock out. for lunch or anything like it pops up. in military time and at the end. of each pay period. we have to confirm. the hours we've worked in military. time which means i have to. do math to figure out. if my hours are correct mhm. for one failed math every year. ever for two sha because i didn't enlist in the military. for three al calculus isn't in my job. description i just find it. to be ridiculous and downright bonkers. for all i care they might as well. change the time format to. roman numerals because it would be just as difficult. to figure out he's literally reading. i literally have to. look up a military time. converter every week just to. ensure my paycheck isn't missing. any hours wouldn't make it d. also why the f. do they just add a zero. in front of the actual. time in the am 0200 02843 68 [ __ ] doesn't make sense. to me anyways i'm done. ranting about numbers what should i do. should i just quit my job. join the military or just put up. with it and hope one. day everyone comes to. their senses and goes back. to standard timing cut in the front of the car. help thanks guys love. you both okay okay why. did he write it. now he was probably just first try. that's oh good well at least. hilarious yeah okay good good. good good love i went. from being like what's with this. guy now i like him again. what you say at the end. first try something like that yeah. doesn't really matter but guys the greatest. guy in the world se never seen. never ever gandi look. like a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] um wait mother teresa. who how what's he what's this. [ __ ] guy talking about calculus it's so easy it's very easy but what it's not comp it's not like it's written in chinese. digits what do you what. it's so easy dude. it's very easy but i will say this. also get used to. it you don't need to. know he he said calculus number. three i don't know calculus you don't. need to know calculus you need. to know simple addition and subtraction the reason. why people do it is. cuz it's less confusing yes exactly. yeah but it ends. up being more confused. because no one does it. right people are more used. to just telling time the way. the clock tells it and in a medical. field or in army time you need to. be very precise so you don't to. say hey we're going to. bomb someone at 5: and at 5:00. a.m. you kill all the civilians are like i meant. [ __ ] i meant when the sun's going down you know also yeah 500 p.m. right. it's like they're both mouthfuls so who gives a [ __ ] also you can say all of them. in less than one second. so it's fine across the board. i this guy's got a gripe that is a non. gripe i'm sorry is it annoying. like maybe a little bit but dude. get over what does he do. as a job he works. at some hospital i don't know. so he works at a place. where they use it. that's what he's that's why. he's so so you have to. use it that's why. what do you mean. that's that's i'm saying don't so so don't be annoyed. at it he thinks there's some math. involved like it well what you do. is to make it. easy is you say oh uh you know. 20:00 or whatever you you. got to subtract two and then take the one. off it's eight but also it's so easy. right i know i know i understand. 1300 hours or memorize. it yeah cuz you take 2. and take and you take that. it's so easy you take the one. off one off his first point. was well i've never been good. at math you don't [ __ ] need to. be yeah oh then this is just for you. you never been good at math. this is perfect for you yeah. i think that um yeah i i think that you got to. just get used to. it uh and that's very it's very easy. it's actually very easy and i do know. somebody that's very close. to me that uses army. time all only is that right. yep and were they are they exmilitary no okay. i don't know why the hell she does. it actually she used to. be a flight attendant maybe no. that's no that might be why. but uh she does it. her phone is on it. you know but it's her her watch anno. just to spite this. [ __ ] but it's annoying because uh you know but she'll do it she'll be like what time. is it she'll be like 2. 2 p.m. cu she sees. 14 and then show at 2. p.m. you understand she doesn't say it's 14:00. to me that would be really annoying. yeah that would be she doesn't expect others. yeah i get it right. you know so i don't know i guess. that's it by way next hey guys in regards. to being a people pleaser. oh good um cuz that's what i am. so ultimately i guess admittedly like deep. down obviously don't want to. admit this but like i sort of care. what people think and whenever people say. that they don't care what people. think i'm always like you didn't hack the human. condition right exactly i'm very doubtful. this is mark but okay so chris um having gone. through what you've gone through not only recently but i mean coming up as a standup. i know that it's common. for a standup in your position. to have shed any sort of uh. feeling that's even close. to caring what people think um so for you. what does that actually feel like is it. actually completely absent or is it. more so just the sort of immediacy with which you process that. sort of negative perception of. you appreciate it guys. uh i saw you for like the sixth time. in november um and you killed. it obviously thank you um peace. and love yeah i guess. i'll just sit this one. out cuz it was only directed at one. person and that person wasn't me it. no it wasn't great. um i think honestly it you i mean look it's a balance. you know i mean i want people to. like me was one of the reasons. why i do it i do but uh you know. stand up but um [music]. um i think that it's the second. i get consumed with oh what do. these people think what is this. what is you know. what makes people do these people like me do they approve of me. do they you know and they're strangers. i i try to. and i have learned and am learning. to combat that with all. right the opposite of that. is who matters to. me in my life what do they think of me. and what am i grateful. for that's the only thing that somewhat helps because you know. i've been at the end of a the hate. online hate mob you. know for years and years and for and you know it's either. from something i say or people. think that i did something. or whatever it is and you know. ultimately those people they they don't know me. so in for your for your in situation. you're talking about people that may not know. you on a um grand scale. but the people that do what do they think of you. you seem like you're a good. guy i'm sure you are a good. guy and do you have friends. and do you have family. members that love you that's the stuff. that matters because it has to. be that way um it's okay. to want to. be cool for people and want to. be handsome or or or or people. want you to think that you you. want people to think that you're smart. but ultimately when it when when the [ __ ] hits the fan. what is it about you know. it's your family that matters. and so i have my family. i have the people that truly know. me that what do they think of me. they think i'm a good guy. and that matters to. me you know sorry. no that's pretty much it. you're smart enough this. guy i forget his name. to know that it's the human. part of the human condition. is to care what. people think to a degree. if you're smart enough to. know that you should also be smart. enough to know or at least. understand when i say that. people are not wired to. care or even know what. people very very very far away. from us think people will. never meet people that we met. online this is not something like that is has been a part of human. experience for long enough. for us to. have folded in and know how to. react to that so but it's different. for you and and me even. to a degree obviously. to a much lesser degree. but anyone who's ever. in the public guy at all. to deal with the experience. of some random stranger saying what they think about something. you did or posted. online or whatever that's all very different. than caring what people in your life. think about you what people. in your life think about you there's a scale obviously. but generally that does matter. because those people in your life. affect your life and vice. versa and like that is more let's say like that's a better. thing for those to. care what those people caring what random [ __ ] that you'll never meet in your life. literally ever under any circumstance. and their feelings about you will. have no bearing on you or your life. ever under any circumstance. that shit's got to. get tuned out that doesn't matter at all. and it's a it's a [ __ ] like red herring that you see it or whatever like if you i don't know. why you would think this. this dude but like it's it's all. it's just [ __ ] and you need to. be able to. get around that and totally send it. through your head out the other ear. like it's nonsense it's inapplicable to. you it doesn't matter at all. but people in your life. you're supposed to. care what they think you can't. like be like well i don't i want to. learn how not to. care what people think that's not going. to happen nor is that. a good thing you should care. what people in your life. think if they're dead. wrong then no matter what their their their ideas. about you won't be corrected. then sure it's okay to. not give a [ __ ] but like we're supposed. to care what people in our lives. think of us that's again. part of the human condition. and you know frankly. tall no okay i was with you. until the end and frankly let's be honest. bing bing you know what i'm saying. it's just like one of those. things i do think we should start. using bing a little bit more. because google controls the government but um lyos and bing speak english. lyos is lios still. something what is lyos you. know what it you know. it was right don't i search engine. was an early search engine. being is still a thing. for sure yeah bing huge hey bing is. the thing especially when i say bing dude. bing should sponsor sponsor the show. so i pl their thing. and say and they'll make a bajillion dollars. what must it be like to. be a search engine. and not google you know. what do you mean. there's no there's no experience of being a search. engine you're a search engine. and you're not the one. we use but those it's not there's nothing. that it's like to. be congratulations a search engine. and you're not google you. i'm saying if you work for them. you oh work for them. okay yeah but it's like what. the [ __ ] you know can you but bing is big dude. bing's big big's big yeah. i mean sure it's big but when it comes. to search engines it's nothing. okay name other early. search engines ask aol. yahoo yahoo i mean they they still exist. but yeah are these search engines. though no a start as is oh aol. is yahoo is though right. yahoo was yeah oh was ask. jees don't forget about ask. jees that's probably still around did. you forget about ask. jees well i yeah what what' you say. ask jeeves is probably still around. no probably not really i mean. there probably there's probably something. on their website [ __ ] nobody's using it. you know dude askos is the one. i remember that is funny to. me i don't remember that. at all that's fine. how do you spell that. l y c oos oh with a c. huh i was thinking. like a very greek thinga it one. alav vista was one that was excite. remember exite oh vaguely not vista is. a good name so what vista alta vista ala. vista is a good name. for one google is crazy. how they won huh. better product control the government i want to. start i want to. start a search engine. same so do i i was thinking about this. last night let's do it. i was thinking about this. last night that's why. i texted you i was like if we came up. with a search eng is that what you said. i didn't read that that's why. i sent i said google. controls the government i know but you didn't say. the part the reason why is cuz i was like man. we should started searching oh. okay probably be really hard. though uh yeah see google. the thing oh you think it'. be hard to. compete with google you think it's the number one thing in the world google is the number one company dude because they here's the thing they had a search engine. and then they made a browser do you probably don't even. know this they own chrome. and then what documentary like or like shitty. youtube thing did you watch. recently it was on amazon. prime and was it just like some like selfpublished documentary. by some random [ __ ] that was like produced. by amazon like to. [ __ ] oh right right right yeah yeah no it's actually really good okay called the creepy. line [ __ ] on google. the creepy line yeah. it's about facebook and google. and it jordan peterson's in it. it's just really good a of course. he is it's really really [ __ ] good dude. i watch the whole thing. like this oh oh it's about how like going like that. corporate hedony jordan peterson's in it. no it's about it's about how google. is controls everything how they what the thing. about google the worst. mickey mouse just mickey mouse dude. he sounds like kermit first of all. not mickey mouse h. let's talk about the trans. issue um y yo so it's um it's it's a great. documentary but it's about how google. started and then they were like we need to. make money so then they made a search. engine and then they get all of your data and and you think you're subscribing. to a product but the product my friend. is you oh you just learned. that that's interesting i've known that. for eight years no but i knew it. nice do give me a pound for. and i saw the creepy. line it's called that's such a bad. title it is a bad. title but it is a bad. title but when you watch. it you're like no this. is what it had to. be called dude i just saw a clip. of uh jordan peterson recently. and he was asked do you believe. in god and he said well. that depends on what you mean. by do that and that depends on what you mean. by you and that depends on what you believe. mean by believe and i was just like this. is a is this a joke. that's great that's like a satet. live sketch on yeah. that that all depends on what you mean. by you yeah he said that and the breath you take before. you started speaking that all depends on what i said. before what you said just so doesn't want. to answer you know it. all depends on how the camera. crew set up and what mood. they were in god just doesn't want to. nix out part of his potential. audience you know that's funny. keep nonbelievers and believers by just not answering. that question that all depends on what you mean. about you what what you. mean by do what you mean. by you what you mean. by believe this what he said that's what he said it's i saw the clip. yeah all right well hilarious. anyway merry christmas ho. ho ho i'm laughing and that's obvious. uh grow or die. my special is available watch it with your family. uh submit to the private. record uh and get our patreon for a christmas. gift on somebody patreon dot com. lifeline luxury appreciate you. guys love you merry. christmas happy k quanza happy. hanuk happy other stuffing binging hello. hello hello will hello hello hello hello 