 [music] [music] runk hello. hello hello willo hello is it. ready now i will say ready . [ __ ] we just just had the very best first   minute. we had our first minute. was so good we  ever. had and he don't swear. now we got to. get   demonetized he's going to. bleep it dude. all right  but we we were we were don't. turn it into. a thing   where we're angry. at each other we have to. direct  angry at him. we were smooth. sailing for a minute   coasting it was really good usually the episodes  are the best at the end of the episode when we're   lucyi and we were just firing on out of the  gate and then this guy comes in and says got   stop oh hold on cut cut but i i'll say this  knowing him thank god he found out then and   not later that's true so so good job actually  uh and you missing out you're missing out on   our patreon dot com lifeline luxury episodes they're  great they're really fun so go on over to. patreon   uh dot com you more this. you want more of this. you  go get it patreon. dot com lury why you always live  . shows because i wasn't done talking we i wasn't  done. talking you always stutter. when you do the  . intros which is so it's the easiest. part d i  stutter. you just go lifeline i don't know man  . you know but there are live shows. there and we're  going to. get more live shows there. so go see the   live lifelines. lifeline lives uh on our patreon  so there. you go and you can get tickets. to the   one in person. uh the next one. is uh december 5th . in oxnard oxnard oxnard halloween is over but i'm   still wearing orange. socks as you can see this  is one of the things i said in the first minute  . and also i asked chris. are you wearing a hat. yeah  he's still wearing a hat. worst detective you wear   in a hat. yep you did it um so uh i will be in . uh let's see toronto. north bay uh sudbury i've   got. some gigs coming up in bismar. sue falls  irvine uh and then i got the brea. shows and   the cina shows so going over to. chryst le dot com  get your tickets. and then uh nothing will ever   be. the same thank you when you say bismar. do you  think of ovon bismar of course not it's cuz i'm   smarter than you i what is that ovon bismar was  a very very would he be german by by or austrian   uh very very very very very very very very very  you say just very one or historical figure german   yes uh uh uh yeah very very very prominent  diplomatic figure people still study him to   this day okay and think that because he went away  it led to. an opening for hitler. to come on down   the lane. so it was that long. there's open in the  lane and hitler. and what i mean yeah. so the the   so okay so it was a guy that was before. hitler  that was german i mean. you could say politician   it's just so weird. to talk about 1890 that. are  politicians he messed up. stuff no he didn't   well. he messed some stuff up yeah. okay well every  messed some stuff. up everybody messes some stuff  . up right yeah that is true. we do not the case  we do. a lot of us dictators so um when you say  . dictators do you think about dictators i do i have . before but not the b bismar thing. dictator tots   somebody's phone went off and pissed nope. back up  real quick um there's something we forgot. to say   uh oh yeah if you want to. be on the show uh record  us. a video send it in and go to. watch lifeline dot com   uh you want oneon oneone. sessions with me go to  mata dot com. oh mattalia confus is coming. back check   it out at patreon dot com. matalia and also of course  we got new. new new merch at lifeline merch. dot com you   say oneonone. onone like it's you coaching someone  and then that. somebody set up watching you. guys no   it's me and then another me quarterback what . you just did and then and then the the person   that comes. for the advice so you get two matalas i  took my magic bind so let's see how this goes um i   people think we're like uh this. is annoying but  i understand. why people think this because it's   so seems like this. what do i care people. think you  it's our sponsor. that we're trying to. subtly seem   like we're not it's not a real sponsor. like we're  trying to. make it seem like it's not a sponsor  . people think magic mind. is our sponsor they're  not i've literally received zero. doar from magic   mind. okay yeah okay who who cares. okay also even  if we were who cares. uh when i do this i i did   it uh for calvin. for a long time and finally he . thinks it's cool four it's like a fouryearold  . thing all right well we're done. with this let me  see if we're going to. be honest if i make it okay   okay. okay you didn't do it. i made it you guys  they're lying. you know all right so um yeah i   uh i i i i it's too you know how long it. took me  to. drive here an hour. hour and a half yes got to   chill. in the car yes i love chilling. in the car  i got a coffee. on so i get maybe like an hour   15. okay i got a coffee. no i didn't get a coffee  for. like 30 minutes though i got a coffee. it was   only there for maybe 8 minutes. you're talking like  you oh my god my hair i have a question so nervous   about asking it well cuz i know you don't listen . to music [ __ ] my wife what you don't listen. to   music and you don't listen. to podcasts yeah what  do you do. and you don't listen. to books right so   what do you do. in the car i listen. to nothing  for an hour. and a half i listen. to absolutely   nothing really and i think and that's why. i'm so  smart why. aren't you smarter then. that's why i'm   so smart. cuz i work on thinking well work harder  on. that huh no i do dude. i i i think about things   that come into. my head and that's why. i'm so  creative and ridiculous. you are ridiculous but   i mean. creative is a loose. term very dumb people . can be creative i'm not. allah musim muslim what i  . just did allah allah i think of things. the whole  time and it's great. and i think of things that   make me. laugh you want to. know what i thought  of yeah. i do honestly yeah this is really what   i spent a lot. of time thinking of on the way. here  okay okay it's uh so my friend has a relationship   now it's it's been a bit. he's got a girlfriend uh . it's been a bit he was single. for a while but now   he's been exclusive. with this woman for one. year  okay i i was making a joke. to him about how i bet  . it's only virtual you know. and and you haven't  even met. her yet and then he was saying. on the   group. chat i actually wish you guys i i i wish it  i can't wait for it. to turn physical like he was  . joking like yeah it. is virtual with it yeah and . uh i wrote what if we did chip in and build the  . girl and he showed up. and he was like so i didn't  write it. i i was saying it. uh and he showed up. on   the uh and she showed up. on the date and she  was. like really sexy and really dressed well   and he was like so nervous. and he was like hi. it's  finally nice to. nice to finally meet you. and then   uh he's like oh my god and they have dinner and  it's fantastic. and just so nice and we all chipped   in to. build the the woman you know. and then he's  like would you want to. come back to. my place and   she goes back. to his place and they start. hooking  up and undressing clothes and she has a [ __ ] and   and and she [ __ ] him and he's and he's like no  you know but that's what we paid. for what was your name how much. time did you spend thinking about . that we were bro. i was crying laughing. building   the building a building. a a a a robot like that  uhhuh. and you think you're so dopee. you're going   to. get you're like oh this. is awesome thank god  for my friends. and then oh my god what the what  . is that no oh come on no. no no and then just you  know oh i know i get it. yeah it's just like you   know. and then you my friends. paid for this the  why he's getting. hard yeah he's getting hard. okay   i almost said the wrong. word why anthony keeps  messing with the cameras. it's making me think   something's. messed up you want to. know i mean not  if it's bad rolling sleeves up you want. know over   i can't tell if it's like out. of focus or not if  it's out. of focus you're dead. and i want to. not   out of focus it's not. out of focus man can't be  better. not be it can't. be man not there's no way   possible. oh they both out of focus. knows damn well  this one. was yeah dude and then check why. i went   to a second. he's like i'll just pretend. it was  this one mainly but it was really the second one  . so anyway uh we talked about that and i thought  about that. for so long in why did you think about  . it for so long. if you already talked about it. cuz  i wanted to. exhaust the possibilities of how funny   it. could be and what different. things could happen  and like you know. like i i i i was like what if he   like what. if you grab a um the lamp and like  and he tried to. hit the robot over. the face   but the only thing he did was cut his own. forearm  that part's funny. i like that part yeah. you keep   going you know. and you just keep going. and it's  nice dude. it would be sad. honestly i don't wish   it. would happen but would be like it. but the the  thought of of my stupid friend so mean you know   absolutely incredibly mean. about your getting ram  roded um i was reading. an article the other day   about that's cool. so was i about uh men who have  ai. girlfriends like real deal emotional. investment   girlfriends that they that they made up like you  put in the prompts. mh and they look they look   like anime characters oh they do they don't look . real it's funny cuz no cuz they some do but this  . one guy was talking about his girlfriend. and the  way the article's written. made me laugh cuz it's   like he's describing. her about how sweet and like  funny. and warm and sort of emotionally. intuitive   she is and then you see a picture. of her and it's  just like the biggest tutorials with like mashed   together. with her arms and it's like the biggest . like d eyes and like hair and a high ponytail   and it's like hey man. you don't care that she's . sweet and kind and funny. you just care about the  . fake cartoon tater tots that you look. at when you  yanked. dank when you're typing in prompts. on your   computer okay all yeah i mean. yanked dank but uh  the uh you know what's funny is like idiot dudes  . will be like she's actually really funny. you know  she shows up like they're they're still doing. that   even though they don't have to. they made the they  made the person. artificially she's actually really   no i know. i know i made her her tutorials look  amazing. i know her eyes look awesome. and her lips   are all pouty but she's actually really funny  and you know. what that means you think you're  . funny you made her exactly. anything that an ai  girlfriend. is is just a reflection of either. you   or something that can like make you feel. better  about something that you don't. like about you   exactly. dude all right she's really smart. she's  on the right side of uh of the of of politics mhm   make it i would just make an argumentative one  knows what i'm thinking and knows how to. make   me feel better about it. it's like yeah man you  did that. i just wish she i just wish she was a  . i wish she was a liberal. man because she's a . repu i wish she was a republican. because man   dude it's so annoying. arguing with her that. that  that would be a weird. kink yeah i bet. that exist   that happens yeah that happens. oh man if you could  see. the data of what people make put prompts they   put in about that. i bet i bet it would be mind. i  thought you did see. it in the article or something   no. i mean that [ __ ] would be so not legal that  would be like the that would be the craziest hack   ever. if someone hacked those companies you see. all  the prompts people put in so hot. sexy voluptuous pouty send so boring back. back back funny send  most boring person you know. with those with   those kinks. uh all right should we start. it's  already been 12 mens up. lifeline gang already   recorded this several times because cy all right  volume. last time i was on a plane. because planes   are getting smaller and smaller. dude you can't  just say volume. goes up dude that's so shitty   i'm holding the thing you can't. say volume goes  up whoops don't play. it yet you can't play. just   say volume goes up. dude i wanted it it. happened  that guy i've never seen. a guy who surfs more   so much. talk about this guy just because cy  all right. last time i was on a plane. because   planes are getting. smaller and smaller i think  you're just getting doing. this a lot i need to   know. if it was respectful. or disrespectful okay  probably a lot the aisles right. here whenever i   saw someone coming i would lean to. get out of  the way. out of way yeah i feel like i'm being  . respectful because i'm doing it. with a like a nod  and like a kind of a curt. little smile and i feel   like even if i don't want to. touch them they  probably don't want to. touch me sure right. yeah   but the problem is i feel like this. body language  is kind of ill. fatty don't touch me. no i'm a nice   guy. i don't want to. be disrespectful i thought  i was doing the right. thing help me out am. i in   the wrong or it's respectful. was i actually doing  the right. thing let me tell you one. m this is the  . main thing okay it's the face. you make it's it's  not. it's respectful only you're but but well not   not. unless you make this face like well yeah of  course but also if you are the spending too. time   thinking about whether it's like weird. or not or  okay or not when you should obviously. be spending   more time thinking about how to. shave this part of  your face i knew that was coming. this is utterly   unattached it's just an island. on his chin. yeah  island of hair on his chin. if you go like this   and you look deep closely. into it you'll see. tom  hanks there with wilson. and so no i i think that   uh you i have a i have a thing. that i think about  this. already though is one. of the things i think   of when i'm driving. but i i think that nobody  should move. rber a bank rubber a bank rubber   pontificating. i think nobody should move. out of  the way unless they're really actually in the   way like it really bothers me really bothers me  when there's plenty of space to. go by and people   still go. i know it's polite i. know it's polite so  then why. on earth because because here's why cuz  . i don't want to. have to do it. when i'm comfy and . you don't then don't do it. i don't but i always   feel bad because you're supposed. to and people  probably think i'm a dick. for it [ __ ] dude isn't   that isn't that just isn't that just something. man  isn't that just something it's something. it's not   you're now you're thinking about it. you might as  well have a thing. on your chin like like this. guy   cuz you're forgetting. to shave this part create . where we do only what i want. dude and i'm the dict  . okay go for and yeah did you know. yeah that  early days what is the thing. about early days   early days. in america like when people we were  expanding west just from. the little part of the  . east coast that americans. had already settled  on you. could it was kind of like officially  . frowned upon to like go. and do this but if you  did it successfully. the government allowed it   you could it was called. a filibuster back then you  could go and like take over an entire part. of the   land that. continuous land that is now. america and  just take it. over become the king stop saying yeah   why. we're going to stop we're going. to stop  doing why would i stop saying. yeah i'm saying   other words you keep bombing. it with yes dude. i'm  not i'm i'm paying attention. to you you're yeah   bombing. me though no dude all right. this is like  that's some woke. [ __ ] i i i don't yeah bomb i   made it upoke i made literally made a thing up say  it can't be woke if one guy one white guy made it   up i'm saying that i'm i'm agreeing with you all  right. i'm agreeing with you. i appreciate that i  . i know that that guy. phil buster or whatever  said. that and i i i think that that's great   dude. it's a brew house buster's brew. house yeah  there's a really some really famous. crazy stories   about people trying. to do that they they heard . about other people doing that. oh i'm going to   do that. i'm going to go. become king of uh texas  or whatever. king of mexico and then what happens   well. sometimes they'd fail and america. would just  be like we didn't know. about that sometimes they   succeed. and be like thank you very. much now you  can be king of that. area until we get there and  . put our down and make a whole state out. of it and  all that stuff. so how do they fail. by dying and   stuff they get [ __ ] run rough shot over by  the natives of the people that actually live   there they were like get the [ __ ] out of here  wow so there's no kings anymore. wow the dumbest   guy in the world. king america the takeway kings  of america. would be an awesome. movie and then   you make movies. about phil buster or whatever . there's a shitty movie version about. the most   famous case. of a guy doing it. his name was william  walker. ed harris plays him. uh and it's such a bad   movie. but it's an amazing story dude. there's a  guy named out out. there named phil buster that's  . hilarious yeah imagine if his middle name  began with i too phil. i buster yeah phil. i buster hi i'm philly buster yeah. that i bet  bet. i'm the king here i bet. somebody's name   is close. enough to that oh definitely i mean  you know. people think they're funny and they   make their make their kid. that you know don't i  know about that. yeah okay so so next one. being   funny i know all about that. hi matt hi chris  so sorry. about the filter sorry. about the angle   i'm just having a rough day. on my lunch break  um i love you. guys so much uh chris i've been   watching the show. for years and years i've been  watching lifeline. since it started you guys are  . hilarious and you do remind me. of me and my  sister i know. you guys have mentioned that   before. uh we're both from jersey so you guys  pack us. up and we love it. um my submission has   to. do with something that you guys. were talking  about in between. submissions a couple episodes   ago. it's about people being generally awful. i  think the same thing. i don't want to. subscribe   to that but every time i step. outside it's  just confirmed nobody knows how to. follow   rules no one knows how to. drive everyone's super  rude there's no please no thank you. no excuse me   it's just chaos. i live in south florida. so i  think that might be my first mistake. um i work   in miami. and i live an hour. and a half away  so it's really. tough on me it's hard. to quit   my job. because it's a good job. it's hard to. want  to move closer. because i don't want to. live here   and so uh do you guys. have anything that you tell  yourselves. is there anything that someone else has   told you to. help you sort of you. know not let it  affect you. so much uh let me know love you. guys   i mean dude. i get thank you very. much i get like  la. is is just i mean full of that. and miami is to   south florida. is to i mean. any major city right  any major city. i guess yeah but um what city. do   you leave and you're like oh my god everyone. there  is amazing i'll be honest. i'll be honest though. in   new york not that it. just happens but it also . happens so like like people are nice. there in   la you visit la. for two weeks and everyone's just  take [ __ ] to. you dude the other day. same with   miami just real. quick i want you to. keep going  but real quick anecdote i was walking my dog down   my street yeah. five neighbors happen to. be outside  doing something i said hi. to all of them yeah. four   of them yeah looked at me. heard me say it saw me  smiling. said nothing back that's crazy. like that   wouldn't have how do you [ __ ] live like this  that's la la is. the only place where you can unmet   someone too like you're like i met this. person  and then you go up. and you're like hey good to. see   you and they're like oh and you're like oh [ __ ] . dude we spent the whole. week together you know. two   years ago and uh but the big cities. are like that  you know my my the south of florida. is like miami   i don't. know how much is south of florida. but um  you know but the second you get honestly. just 40   minutes outside of that. it's all freaking gravy  and people are nicer. dude i live in uh you know  . north now up north and everyone's so nice. dude  everyone's so nice uh i think people sucking. me   off in bagel places. stupid dudes uh uh hi how you  doing i don't i don't um so the way. i think about   it is you know we're taught so many things as kids  that. are just the absolute utmost. opposite is the   truth. like we're taught that things. are fair  and like that's how absolute [ __ ] you know uh  . people are generally kind or good. that is absolute  [ __ ] now that's okay. though right just change   your the way. your mind is set up. think of it  as when you meet someone. who isn't like that   you. are the luckiest person. in the world and  if you have several people like that in your  . life you are actually overboard. maximally lucky  if you get five people like that in your life   dude. you're so so lucky think about it. so many  people are shitty. pieces of [ __ ] you know. most   people almost all you could make a case. for but  you get a few. of them in your life. that are not   what do you want. from me that's good living. you're  not lucky it is good. living so you got your sister  . it sounds like you got me. to watch me on this. show  and other places. too him too a. little bit what   other people that are good you know so just count  the people that are the exception. to the rule and   consider yourself. lucky you have them in your life . luck i have i have those people great do you the   point is to. be one of those people as well though  not that's why. i ask you do you have them. cuz if   you do then maybe i'm one some yeah some i'm one  yeah mak's one anthony's not nice he's all out   for himself and we all know it yeah he is yeah  literally when we start recording he immediately   leaves. us he abandons us. to to cater to. his own  rear end cuz he takes a biger to. his own rear end   caters to. his own rear end actually he didn't do . it again to that's two. times in a row he didn't. do   it okay yeah that's great. good for you good for . you well done jinx. it oh okay don't jinx. it oh   god oh don't jinx. it oh my god guys i got to. run  dude there so many different. sounds for you that's   busting. a nut that's having a bowel. movement and  it's when you conjure a demon. when you're making a   joke. it's the same sound you're going to. say it's  not true. it is true everyone who's ever. listened   to it me. knows it everyone who's ever. listen to  you knows it yes. and a yes and a yes and a booya   and a booya. and a booya dude. first of all uh it's  not doing a bow movement. is the tmy turning over  . getting ready dude tommy is so bad. the busting  a nut. is that's completely completely it's so  . different dude it's like if you look at it's okay  you know what it's like you're being racist. with   my noises they're different. they're not the same  it's like when you see a japanese. person and you   think it's a korean person. is not the guy in . police academy so and then uh conjuring a demon  . yeah is that's so obviously different. all right  fine okay. so you got japanese korean i'm. a good   guy and can admit. when i'm wrong and i was a . little bit wrong on that. one so can't even do  . it a little bit said it. was a little bit all right  all right. guys let's take a break. i want to. talk   to you about ki dot com. ki dot com you know you can bet. on  the outcome of the election. this is the craziest   thing. they went to uh lawmakers. and they said yo  lawmakers. can can we do this thing. where people   bet on uh things. like cabinet positions and who's . going to win the uh election. and they said yes   dude. they're changing the world k. she's awesome  can bet on the presidency. they are the first   legal. place where you can bet. on the election and . all elections in this country. how about that they   have markets. on who will win and who will control  the house. and the senate who will win. the swing   states all of it. anything you want to. bet on you  can do it at dot com. uh trump up 62% right. now and it   changes as it goes you know depending on who bets  on what and uh kamla harris uh is at 38% basically   they switch back i mean it's always it's always  changing and they go based on betters. they don't   go based on polls. polls are always wrong. follow  the betters this is what these guys. do it's   generally kind of still a tossup but you know. that  means you make a bet. you're going to double. your   money bada bing bada boom that's what we want. yeah  well it's people it's people putting their money  . where their mouth is literally so uh ki is. already  being used by hundreds of thousands. of people   including me i made a bet hey same and i going  to. get on it right. now i got the app here and has   facilitated over. 1 billion worth of trades sign  up. using ki dot com lifeline that's ki dot com. lifeline   and the first 500 traders who deposit $0000 will . get a free $20 credit. so use ki dot com. lifeline and   that's you'll get thank you. very much in a boy  was in a boy. boys was in a boy very handsome. deire   gentlemen yep that's me. my name is rob by. the way  hi rob you got great. teeth don't get mad. um i want   to. know your take or your approach on. how to kick  it. to a girl in the in difficult. places bro one   being the gym. oh that's hard here's the crazy. one  she's in the next car. oh and you're in the car   is that possible. done and three actually done it  even though. this is like a really common. she flies   by a says is the easy. one is the grocery store  like. you wait till she's picking up. some fruit   like that's easier. how do you do it. okay oh dude  awesome. if that guy's not into. if he wasn't in a   boy. band he i mean he's so far up. into music it's  unbelievable. yeah you know certain kind of music  . so like but but appreciates all. of it sure yeah  maybe yeah okay. i could i i see what. they're doing   here he does. that when he hears music. he doesn't  like he goes. i see what they're doing. here yeah um   uh on the downbeat he he'll talk. about that [ __ ]  you know. whatever the [ __ ] that is i hate that   [ __ ] don't talk about that down be but anyway  um made up a whole thing. in his head that never   happen. i got pissed off. at a fake thing yeah . so uh uh okay jim is nearly imp. i i actually i   don't think you should hit there's a rule the gym . you do not do that. i don't think you should it's  . too vulnerable of a place. people are working out . doing weird things with their body opening. up part   of their body. they don't usually open. up dressed  in ways. that like now have i been to. the gym yes   have i been to. the gym and accidentally scooped  it. up yeah i have but i haven't gone. to the gym   to. go look for a scoop well that's not even what . he's saying but i by mistake. if whoopsie slipped   and fell on a scoop. right whoops i scooped it . a [ __ ] ice cream parlor i mean just i have   have i gone. to at whatever gym. i've gone to  i've gone and i've accidentally scooped it. up   whoops i'm sorry. okay i didn't mean to. i didn't  set out to. go do it i didn't bring an ice. cream   scooper yeah to. go to 24hour fitness and and . take some lady home to. go horizontal with her i  . didn't do that mhm if it. happened whoops i scooped . it stop yelling dude for real it's you're hurting   my ear. okay okay don't don't say for real. okay  why not because i get upset. but i'm upset but when  . you look in my eyes. and you say for real. i didn't  reminds you did. after you said it it. reminds me of   when we were kids. and bad things happened so vague  first of all and bad things. happened it's like we   did something. bad and we didn't okay. man and i  didn't you need. therapy i have therapy uh you   need ondemand. therapy you need therapy right. this  second tuesdays mondays tuesdays. just listing days   and other days um sometimes fridays but the gym. i  think is a no. no no matter what yes. of course if   someone if look anything. can happen anywhere why  is my mic. keep doing this yeah mine. does anything   can happen. anywhere like it's not like you can't  you must refuse the situation. if it arises but you   can't seek out to. try to talk to. a girl in an . effort to like hang out. with her in the future  . at the gym you. just can't do that if things happen  and it falls that. way fine but so consider the gym  . out is what i'm saying i i i agree. when you're if  by mistake. you scooped it whoops. okay when you're   in traffic. i this has only happened to. me one  time obviously i mean. this is so uncommon but i   was literally it doesn't matter the details. of my  story but the the way. it happened was we were in  . traffic kind of just two lanes scoot. scoot scoot  scoot and we kept running. into each other side by  . side and you want me. huh and i said you want. me  huh and she was saying yeah. i was just thinking   that i was just going. to say something about how i  want you and then i got her number and no how did   it happen. for real we just kept looking. at each  other okay well i understand that part i forget   the first thing i saided but we were just we just  by the time the fourth or fifth time it happened   we ended up next to. each other we started smiling  at each other. cuz it was kind of funny. and then i   forget exactly. how oh out when he's romantic  he blacked. out i said the traffic's about. to   break up this is gna stop happening. give me your  number so i can see you again. oh w smoo dude. but   it was it was she was like 310 and then we had  to. stop again really yeah and then the the next   three yeah so it was funny. it was funny i it. would  have been a great. how you met someone's story if  . it worked out but she ended. up bit a [ __ ] it  still could it still could work out. uh yeah you   know what i'm going. to text her right. now this  she was nice yeah. no she was not a big. how many   times you hang out. with her very few like three or  four. so it was just a traffic. thing yeah outside   our cars. is better in traffic. we did way better . inside our car get in your car. let's hang out i'll   be in m it. worked better yeah go in your car. i'll  get in mine we'll just drive. somewh slow next week   i have a funny. funny story dude like that yes okay  you know i i i go. to these meetings and stuff. and   and this guy was telling a story in one of these  meetings that he he's like i'm so delusional that   i uh went uh one time i was driving made eyes with  a girl and we were like flirting and like you know   like you said like looking at each other like this  and that and she's like so i i followed her i was   following her you know like me like cuz we were  driving together and then she he followed her into   the police station she ran out of the car and went  into. the police station and said there's a guy following wow. that's one of the funniest things  ever isn't. that hilarious isn't that hilarious   how funny. would that be like the first scene . in a movie oh my god. that is too but he's like   that's how delusional i am. he's like that is such  a good. crystallization of how so many guys think   oh absolutely like. dude she's afraid of you is . why she's clocking you to. make sure she's yeah   exactly. so funny damn idi. good that is so funny  anthony. does that i know. anthony makes women   drive to. the police and he runs and he runs  to. the police station whenever he's scared   yeah. that's well he does both. he does both he'll  wake up. in the middle of night he have bad. dream   run to the police. station one time he saw a guy  and then drove. miles and miles and didn't see   him. for several miles drove to. the police station  said 10. miles back i saw a scary. guy what do i do. what do i do yeah. dude that happened wakes up  in the middle. of the night only with a shirt. on   doesn't get dressed runs to. a precinct runs  doesn't get in his car. no he always runs he   lives in such a bad. neighborhood though well  he doesn't think about it. he's too like he's   scar yeah. he's so [ __ ] scared he's out. of it  yeah he's running. and he's running he's doing   this the whole time. stubs his toe doesn't  give a [ __ ] bleeds doesn't feel anything   until after he talks. to a cop and then and wakes  up. the next day after the everything. it goes just   like oh man. i'm so s in the afternoon. cuz he's  so tired from before. yeah yeah that's what he  . does you guys paint. me to be the biggest  [ __ ] that poops a lot not the biggest [ __ ] the worst guy a children's book the  biggest [ __ ] that poops a lot by anthony   no you're not a [ __ ] you're a punching bag it's  different dick it's different though it's better   it's better to. be that worse no no. no you're not  a [ __ ] you're a piece of [ __ ] um all right   uh so anyway i don't know what oh uh jim. is no  jim is. just no i would say i car. it's safe she's   safe she can drive away. she it's fine here's the  thing. if someone if someone is sorry if someone is   constantly safe and you know. the woman will never  feel. like scared that's you're good that's why. i   always whenever when i was single i would walk up  to. women and give them a shield. and then i would   hit them. that's why i approach women like this . you're good good you're good everything's fine  . i don't have anything in my hands. yeah i give  him a shield. i go this uhhuh. how are you what's   your name. i'm chris you move. the shield i want  to. shake your hand what was the third. one uh the   third. one was at the grocery. store which is fine . i know the one know people around. you carry cash   but you carry cash on you you walk in you pretend  like it falls out. of your pocket right. next to and   you go oh my god all my money and then you say  hey sorry uh i'm chris can you help me pick up   my money. and then she does and then go you can't  keep it. anyway what's your name wow. that's so not   good you know. what i mean i bet. you get it [ __ ]  scooped by m. at some point you get it. scooped is   it because you're dropping. so much money yeah. you  have to. get out like thousands of dollars. you just   go to. the bank first i'd like to. withdraw $3,000  i'm going. i'm going a ralph's right. after this   yeah no it's more than $3,000. you have to. take  like 25 grand out i mean. so risky you know. just   all over oh god damn people running. their carts  over it what people. running their carts over it   the bills. go all the place you can't even talk. to  the girl anymore cuz you got to. chase her money   you're out nine. grand and she says no. and you look  and see anthony. crying run to. the police station   unfortunately piece of [ __ ] it's it's often just  about opportunity. when you really try to. you know   square peg round. hole like try to. force it it's  just you're working at such a disadvantage you  . might as well not do it. plus again the more you've  are forcing something. the more liable you are. to   be scary again the thing. to never be or even seem  is. scary once you seem actually scary. not only do   you suck. but you obviously have no chance to. do  whatever you're trying to do which is why i always   hand a woman a loaded. gun before i even approach  them. i i whenever i was single i would hand   them. a loaded gun miss miss miss. miss where you  going i'm trying. to give you this. get back here   ma'am ma'am ma' hey how you doing i'm chris i oh oh i just wanted to. invite you for pizza what. the second one yeah for safety. um yeah  i mean yeah you don't go. here's the thing though   you also don't do you don't. go to the grocery  store. and think oh i can't wait to. look for   the girl like girl dre. you don't your car driving  thinking. i'm going to run. into the my dreams. you   don't go to. the gym thinking that. you just live  in the world when situations. are rise and actual  . opportunities develop then you can take them. but  you don't force this. [ __ ] yeah that's what i'm   saying accidentally scoop it. whoops i scooped  it yeah yeah okay. whoops i scooped it you. know   works at an ice. cream store whoops i scooped. it  is a good name. for an ice cream store it's a good  . title yeah whoops i scoop. there's this place named  scoops dude. you know what i hate. when you go to. a   place and they [ __ ] sing to. you i don't care  oh dude. you've been sleeping and dreaming. a lot   no no no no no yes but stone cold creamily. or  whatever it is so drunk. dude wow so drunk. stone   cold creamily describing something what describing  something. that happened what is it. cream stone ice   cone cold stone cold. stone crey crey yeah  stone cold steve. austin cre screams italy   nice so what do they do. there man uh they they  they you go. like can i get this. and if it's your   i don't know something. if it's your birthday  or if you say something. they go uh oh everyone   out oh you got some ice. cream oh you got some ice  cream oh you got some ice. cream ice cream the wor   you're just like no. no don't do this so they only  they don't. sing just whatever no you oh you. know   what it is when you give them. a tip you can't do  requests oh my god that's the prime way. to never   get a tip. but how no you know. it's good business  you know. people are like ladies and [ __ ] you   know. ladies let's just see boom. oh oh you got  some ice. cream oh oh you got some ice. cream oh   you're y thanks are they stepping. on uh hot coals  when they do it. cuz you sound like they're in pain   the way. that you're doing it sounds like you're in . immense pain oh no. they tip the ground. oh no they   tip. the ground's open up. oh no oh you got some ice  cream oh you got some ice. cream now that would be   incredible. tipping tipping tipping tipping tipping . tipping yeah uh orchestrating an orgy. tip in tip   in tip. in so stupid dude. wow a dictator anori  tipin tipin tipin tipin walking. down the line all   right. um all right who's next. hey guys what's up  with people. being longer videos but i struggle. to   get anything in over like 20. seconds love to. ask  a better question. but this is what i'm limited. to   let me know what's up. face he didn't ask anything . that is the wrong voice. for his face that was   the question. yeah so a lot of people asked. this i  thought i would okay. go ahead do it again. yep just   play it again. hey guys what's up. with people being  able to. submit longer videos but i struggle. to   get anything in over like 20. seconds would love to  ask a better. question but this is what i'm limited  . to let me know what's up. oh got it hey dude great  job. good question too okay. so it's on him just his   fault. the our our system only allows 100 megabytes . in a video and and i mean. we only have so much  . storage anyway so um what you should do. is uh  maybe upload. it to instagram stories or something   you don't have. to post it and save it and just  save it and it'll save a much smaller. compressed   or get a compressed a compressor app. or something  like that that's all. you need to. do oh good job   you facilitated. an answer a lot. of people are  looking for and we got to. see this guy who we   like he's got great. [ __ ] oakley he seems like a  good guy and everything's good okay i uh i don't   think that's what he asked yeah. what i think what  he asked. was here we go here. comes a wrong thing   if i why. do people str struggle to. keep the time  down when i can't think of anything. to say longer   than this. it sounded at first like he was going. to  say that but that's not what he said. okay really   yeah you have to. when you listen to. people you  have to. be you have to. be agile you have to. you   have to. allow yourself to unseal. yourself from the  box that you've created based on the words they're  . saying and how they meshed with your mind. robins  do we understand. not tim robbins tony robin do. we   understand the guy from jos do we understand. i do  yeah but i still think that's what he said. this is   how people get into. problems they start to. think  they know what someone means i know. that dude and   that's doing deviate. from that box they never . unseal themselves from the chain the shackles   of their own mind to. get that from from that. did  it shackled yourself in your own. mind and didn't   allow. yourself to move. out of that box. so annoying  dude been reading so self so much militant. so   militant so i love his oakley. and we can move on. i  thought thought that he said. what i said but even   still okay. both of my answers to. both okay if you  want to. answer that i want it's okay. no no no i'm   good i should never so mad. great all right okay  here we go. hey chris hey matt i'm a big. fan of   the podcast been watching yall. for a while man  and i'm actually just in quite the debacle i've   been. hooking up with this girl. and about a couple  weeks. ago she was you know. we were doing stuff and  . she was kind of diffusing her. feet a little too  much. down there we haven't done. anything since   but that's because when she did it. i mean i had  scabs. everywhere i was tweeting i. could of walk   for like a week. and she's really cool really  sweet but i just don't know. what to do and so i  . kind of wanted y'all to. advice do i tell her. or do  i just keep fighting. through the pain i don't know  . does and i'm suppos to. see her soon so i was just  hoping for some advice. before i see her hopefully   i'll get back. to me and yeah keep up. the good work  on. the show man thanks i'm sorry. what what were   what was those. sc what were the scabs she got  rough with them right. yeah yeah she she used   her teeth. is what he said you. thought she had  he had herpes. based on what he said was. hard to   understand him okay okay okay okay dude oh my god  that kind of thing. has happened to me. but never   to. my downstairs area it's just. happened from like  kissing or other stuff. that you're just like whoa  . what do you don't do. that hurts um but never did  my downstairs. he who spot you know. what uh the   question is i love how he said should i tell her  hey man. were you not he said should i tell her. or   deal with the pain. obviously either tell her or  you can't. be intimately involved with this person   what the [ __ ] are you even asking so she's  eating your dick yeah she's causing. you immense   pain and you're wondering if you should either . tell her or carry on. only only a [ __ ] wow okay   no nothing no it's not even true. anyway um it's  probably true no. dude that is really weird. man   hey tell her she's chomping on. your [ __ ] tell  her that you're not that you yeah be sensitive   about it you know you yeah you know sometimes  you use your teeth. a little bit they it nicks  . it i don't know if you know or like you could be  like i'm i'm more. sensitive than other guys. you   don't even have to. like you could be really really  really careful. and still get it's weird. to say i'm   more sensitive than other guys. though because then  you've admitted you've felt other guys. [ __ ] you   i'm just trying you're trying to. be nice to. her  like you're trying to. make she doesn't i'm gay. i   feel other guys [ __ ] anyway don't bite my [ __ ]  no you could be like this has happened before with   women like it turns out that scab more easily  when these kind whatever dude i'm just saying   if you want to. be really kind and not be like . hey you don't know. what you're doing because the  . concern is you're going to. make it sound to. her  like you're saying you don't. know how to do this  . kind of stuff which is not what you. [ __ ] want  definitely not what she wants so just be delicate   about it but you can't not say anything uh yeah  that's true not paying attention. to me um but   so i guess i'm just doing a show on my own. which  is cool yeah no i'm sorry. i know i no i i i just  . think that you have i don't know. how you don't say  something. i i i guess i don't know how she didn't   there's scabs so i don't know. how she doesn't know . she did it that hard. the scab thing is nuts. dude i   mean maybe it didn't you know sometimes. you get  cut and you don't think it's going. to be a scab   sometimes. you bruise and it comes days. later but  like if you get a scab presumably you bled. you   bled right then in there so how did this person  yeah. that's a good point. actually how did she not   be like oh wait. i made you bleed. that's actually  crazy i don't know i i would you you. have to bring   it. up if especially if you likeed. the girl the  only time this ever really happened. was twice   and it was the way the person was kissing my  obviously kissing normal and it was like [ __ ]   hurt. my lip yeah i had one time. kissing and  then my neck. like not my neck but like a he   like was like biting i was like we do we do . not in this house we do not bite yeah. we do   not bite [ __ ] a dog. dude i had one time. she  was kissing and like bite i i [ __ ] hate that  . so much dude the biting while hey well no it hurts  that's the thing. though some people specifically  . like it because it hurts i know. i know okay  but it's not like it's not out. of left field   no no. no no no i i disagree with you. if if it's  the first time you're with somebody and you're   doing that. [ __ ] no hear me out though. think  a lot of it. though is signaling to. new people   that you're with intimately. without causing  pain well obviously i agree. i'm just saying i   to. get to play devil's advocate. to defend people  who do the crazy. thing of hurting someone well i   can just explain mine i can. explain mine and  you explain. your what what happened this. was   i mean i was in my apartment. long ago so you got  me you got me. when you get me you get me. um she   uh she was biting my lip. a little bit i'm like . it's kind of hurts and i was like and i i backed   up. i was like oh you got to. stop biting me it  actually hurts then we went. again and she bit   me. even harder and i go ow [ __ ] i was like all  right let's just wrap we i wrap this up yeah and   and i was like let's not hang out this is weird  like you you bit me and what happened after that   and we never hung out. again you left or she left  my place. yeah she she left i mean. we we talked   it wasn't like i was like get the [ __ ] out. of  here we were talking. and and and we wrapped it  . up and we were like so there. like a cordial like  this. is working yeah yeah yeah yeah and then one   time. i was with i was my girlfriend. at the time um  and we were together. for like six months but like   the second month. i don't know what the [ __ ]  got into. her but we were having sex. and she   nice dude. you were doing that nice i was. behind  and she smacked me. in the in the in the jaw. and   i was like oh yeah it was out of nowhere. and i  was like what are you what are you what are. you   doing it was so weird. how what did she say. she  was she then she was like oh no. i'm sorry i'm so   sorry. i don't know i thought maybe i mean. she  got carried away all. the time well that's the  . thing sometimes actually people in this. happ to  me a lot. whoever i'm having they lose. control i   don't know what it is about me but people because  you're so sexy people i mean i i was i was in my   mind but i didn't want to. say it but thank you  you're right. and no but like sometimes. people   people are different and sometimes when pe it's  like sometimes. the way people have their orgasm   they're very chill. and kind of even though  they're going. through such extreme whatever   physical sensations. they're kind of contained some  people. when they come it's just like you have they   they clearly. have no control over. anything  yeah and i think sometimes people that extends   throughout all of like people like whatever  sexual thing. they're doing they just like lose   it. kind one of the reasons. why i'm with kristen  one. my wife makes me have. such beautiful orgasms   that sometimes. and it's happened two or it's . happened three times i've gone. directly from   the bed while having an orgasm. running  to my car. get in the car still orgasm   ing. and crashing into. a tree i mean the worst. most  hazardous sexual habit. oh no oh no no no. no no no   grab the keys. oh no oh no oh no. oh no oh no oh no . oh no oh no oh no. oh no oh no no no. no no no no no oh wow. then you come well that's the final  load. yeah all over the air. era wow dude yeah it's   three times now i've ruined. three cards divorce  something like that it's so dope. though oh it's   good yeah yeah get car insurance. i've never you  come close. to having an orgasm like that. it's   hard to get car. insurance though huh and i go  oh sir why have you had three total car totals   in the last eight months it says right there i i  wrote it in orgasming you didn't have it as a a   check mark but the uh no but i it says for other  reason. and then look at it. it says gizen right   there. so um and then tree a picture of a tree i  drew so um no what they uh yeah. and then i go boy   crash. i go and then a jizz. and usually the j hits  the the the airbag. and and i get it. on my face too   and i go oh my god and i go oh baby. oh that was  so amazing. and then i look and i'm like i'm not   even in bed. anymore and i go back. to my house i  have to. walk back right because i don't have my   car. sometimes i take an uber but um i go. back and  i'm like baby sorry. and she was like that's what  . happens when you got that bomb. you know it's  happen. like her exes have done the same. thing   yeah we lost a few. we lost a few. men uh well she  has she hasn't slept. with many though all that   was really interesting. except the part where  you got your own. juice on your face i didn't   like that. even a little bit i got to. get an uber  back. i drove too far got. hey borit hey how are you   doing. the borit yeah chris come in why. you have  uh why you bleeding. and have jizz on your nose. oh   dude have you never had an orgasm. where it makes  you lose. control and you drive into. a tree sir   borit you know. that's our name is borit borit . so close to. boron okay let's get let's let's   get some more. in here okay hey chris hey matt  um i'm calling in because i'm constantly being  . judged for my subway order. i know it's weird i  know it's basic. um but it gets so annoying. every   single time i go. in order okay that it. needs to  be this whole production. right how basic. is it i   get a tuna sandwich. which i know is unpopular but  i like it and i just get it. with bread just plain   tuna sandwich. um i grew up on that. sandwich is  why i love it. so much i know it's a little weird   it's weird. to get subway it's just what. i like  so i can't help. that um what do they usually. and   you would think that the subway workers would  love the fact that i'm giving them literally   the easiest subway sandwich no they ask you nine  times um so i guess i just need a spin move on   how to. like respond to. them because it's always  just so awkward. and like i feel judged and like   it's uncomfortable. when there's people in line. it  gets to the point. where i won't even go. if there's   other people in line. because they're probably  judging me. and the workers are probably judging   me. um so yeah i just need to. spin what to do okay  love you. guys back not caring i. think no the spin   move. is i'm allergic to. everything just put it on  there thanks. just start the order and say i want   i want to. leave with a sandwich with two things  tuna and bread. i want nothing else on. it i want   nothing else. don't ask me. anything about what  else i want. on it don't don't reassure. yourself   that you're doing it right. i'm telling you now  you. will be doing it right. if you only do tuna   and bread honestly now hold on you take a video  of yourself. just doing that once you don't have  . to do that every single time. you walk in show  the subway worker. that video every time. you   walk in do like that you don't. even have to. open  your mouth dude and i'm done. well that would for   sure probably have them. not ask questions cuz  that. you are an absolute crazy. person if you do   that and they don't want you. in the store as long  as possible. so uh or it's less. possible i guess i   should say but yeah that's uh that's a that's  a good thing. to do that would be that would be  . pretty fun you could also just screenshot. screen  record matt saying that and then show. that yeah   yeah i mean. that would be a little yeah. it might  not work as well but you know. it's worth a shot   it is. annoying that people do that. though about  stuff you eat especially i mean can we go through  . it tell me how you think it. plays out i i i so . you're the subway worker i say what. would you   like i say uh what would you like what. i get for  you tuna uh on white. bread okay how big you want   it. you want it i'll do a large. okay oh you know . what though just the tuna on the bread. that's   it you don't want like may. or anything like that  nothing nothing. all right already that's annoying   but that's it. though that's so easy though. what  what you spin move. for that i'm sure they go. like   this i'm sure they go like this okay sure that  you just like it like that do you like that a   lot also she's like kind of you know she's she's a  woman so and she's cute. so it's like they want to   talk. to her and [ __ ] yeah well be a man. don't  be a don't be a young. cute woman anymore. get a   sex change you're saying. yeah i mean if you don't  want this. to happen anymore you got to. get a sex   change sorry. all right what's the next. submission  all right next one all right. madden chris serious   question look at that's sick up. until today i had  a full beard. that took me months. to grow it looks   like it. and when i was trimming the bottom  oh no you messed up. oh [ __ ] i [ __ ] up   left a big patch in the middle of my chin. cuz i  like twitched and [ __ ] up yeah i get it anyways   in that situation. you just do you trim. the whole  beard off or down. like i did or do. you thug it   out until that patch. comes back um you guys  always have really great facial. hair so what   do you what. would you do really uh first of all . your beard as it c. is currently constructed looks   great. it that you had something else is even  weird. you look beyond whether it looks great   or not. he looks so much like he has looked like  that for 12. years he looks like he should look   yeah. i i do think that if he had a beard. it would  probably look cool. but i don't think i don't know  . if it look better. no i'm saying obviously more  fard. i'm not saying if it would look i'm not i'm  . not sure if it would look better. but i i i think  it. depends on how much you clip. if it's a little   bit and if it's not all the way. to the cheek  i would probably ride. it out it sounded like   gangster it sounded like it. was a pretty big one  well. you don't what's big to. one person is big to   another person. i'll tell you what what what's big . to one person is not necessarily big to. a gangster   and that's me and i would probably write. it out  unless it was really big he made it sound like   it was really big but what's big to. one person is  not big to. the next person is what i'm saying. and   we don't know how gang why are we even speaking  it's all relative we all know that that is a   given in every conversation so then i'm saying if  it was unless it was big to. me i would write it   out. because i'm gangster okay. well anyway i think  the way. your beard looks now whether you think you  . miss your other beard or not. i think it looks  really. good i think i'm i'm i'm happy. with the   result but the answer. is if you put too big of a . dent in your beard you can cut it. all down to the  . deepest place it was you. made your mistake because  it's hair. and it grows back. tada man how funny is  . it to see someone. do that and see the look. on  their face when they go too. far yeah it's good  . that's great i know. cuz we've all been there. right  yeah we've it's so do you trim. your uh pubes pues   i don't want to. get demonetized oh wow i never . i mean i wanted to. vomit upon do you trim. your dugout uh have we've done. this before i can't  believe it. we've done this before. we got in   this conversation. tell me if this makes you okay  rings any bells. you asked me that. and i said i   have and you said but do you and i kept saying  i have do you remember this. it's very you don't   remember anything. that's very something that would  happen. and yes i kind of do. remember it and i it   rep. pissed me off yeah i the answer. is i have  but you don't i have in the past. so you don't   do it. now i have done it. multiple times seven  or 70. oh somewhere in the middle. of that 35 no   not exactly the middle. of that somewhere in the  middle it could be 35. though yeah could it be 20  . i mean that seem it's is. it possible you do then . it's been a it's been a while so i would say. you   do i wouldn't say. that i time you did it. i would  say i have when was the last time. you did it um   you did. say you have and i and i will continue to  say i have we shouldn't keep going. over because   i only say i have much how longo did you do it  yeah how much long ago. a week ago this. morning uh couple years incredible. isn't it what's  incredible. about it must look. like gandalf   down there. i like to be how my number  one. god created me and my number one  . god created me with the exact. amount of pubes  as you. would say as i i currently. have when   you pull down your pants. bats fly out i mean  why. would that happen cuz it's a jungle. dude it's your penis. are m away it is about that big though  so that's pretty good but everything. else was   false and it has a mouth and teeth. and a  tongue gross. yeah that's how it is i live  . like i live and there's no two ways. about  it and if you have a problem with it first   draft. to dirty harry before you. shoot  some all right um bushy. hay dirty hairy [ __ ] hey more dirty hairy [ __ ] right well you  know yeah guess not a person with a vagina right   right is that right the person you're killing is  getting [ __ ] so person i'm killing. you know all right hi. matt and chris i'm casey i'm from. orlando  matt big fan chris. even bigger fan just wanted. to   reach out and ask you guys a question. i've  been on and off with my ex. for four and a   half. years we have finally called. a quits for  good. after moving into a. twobedroom apartment   for only 3. months together that's how you know . it you know he's refusing to. pay the rest of the  . lease he said he will pay the cancellation  fee. like $195 that's cool. when our rent is   $3,000 a month. um what is she supposed. to do  what do i hold. him to i have his bank. account   on our apartment. portal i can charge it if i  really wanted to. just feel like that's kind   of shady. and i don't like doing that. kind of  stuff what do. you guys think is wrong. versus   for holding him accountable. for paying the lease  that he signed. whether we're together or not. well   he's just as responsible. as you are who no no. i  know what he's say i know. what he's thinking he's  . thinking i'm moving out yeah she is responsible  now. to pay for it. i got a different place. okay   if that's the case. then he needs to. at least pay  his share. until they she figures something else  . out yeah that's the right. thing to do and that's  for yeah. and if that means you have to. debit his   bank account. for those few months until. you do  figure that out then that so be it but if he's   unwilling to. meet you halfway then then w. he's  being a piece of [ __ ] first you don't want to   go there. but you don't have a choice. if you  don't have the money you don't have. a choice   it's a t. it's a tough spot too. though because  he you obviously are broken. up you don't want   to. live together anymore. so it's not like he's  like well i'll stay here. till you find someone   because kind of can't. do that so it's kind of that  would cause problems. yeah so it's kind of i mean. i   don't know i look whether it's shady. or not what  you're doing. is kind of a moot point. because it's   what he owes. it's it's it's a it's a non it's it's . it's just an unfortunate situation but what he's  . doing by saying i'm not paying anything. he's he's  living wrong that's he's being a piece. of [ __ ]   obviously no one. wants to pay for a. place or not  staying but like you signed. a lease not only do   you. sign a lease but like this. is someone four  and a half. years of your life you don't want to   [ __ ] somebody like that over like be a person be  a person. in the world like the if if he's refusing   entirely and you have no. choice and you can't pay  you. have to his account. half the money and what if  . he can't pay i think what. she's implying is that  he can okay. but if obviously if he doesn't have   the money. then you can't do that. you got to live  together. marry each other i guess so if you can't  . pay marry each other and then have a few kids. if  you can't pay you have to. do that and then have   them. get work and then take the money. from them  yeah so deduct your kids. that you that you love  . now yep and then when they're grown up. maybe  you can split glad we figured it out. there um   cool yeah uh that was good that. was good it was  a good. episode man we kind of got going. quicker   than we usually we did. we did usually ease into  the maximo. genius we did didn't we but we came   out. of the gate with the maximo genius. [ __ ]  with the what the maximo genius. [ __ ] why do   you want me to. repeat myself everything i say  the fact. that i didn't hear. that is not weird   because that's not really something. people say uh  it's something. i say isn't it and i yawned and my  . ears closed one that's the worst dude when you're  like what and then you have to. yawn you have no   choice. but to say what again. dude i hate nothing  more. than when people ask. me to repeat myself. why   is that yeah. [ __ ] man you're a dick oh it's cuz  you're a dick. no i mean i'm a dick. when i react in   those situations. but i can't help it. that's how  it makes me. so mad i don't choose. to get mad you   never heard. you were never heard yeah. maybe that's  it but mom and dad listen. you know so that's weird   maybe. someone it was probably your fault. what just  kidding all. right uh all right uh yeah i'll be in   uh bismar. and toronto and north b bismar right. uh  yeah chris chrisal lea. dot com go get tickets. and get   tickets for the live. show um at uh that is that  will be on our patreon. our live our lifeline live   show. uh and that's patreon dot com. lifeline luxury  go sign up for that. thank you nice hello. hello helloo hello hello hello 