 hey guys welcome to. episode oops i said to. the wrong camera we got three. cameras now hey guys welcome to. episode 200 a very special. episode of congratulations [music]. hey what's up so we okay. it's episode 200 i had no. idea we were going to. do 200 episodes when we started this. and uh we did and i've had my brother. matt on before and i always talk about my family. and episode 200 is now. and this is my father. bill dalia so i know. everybody knows him if you're if you're an avid. listener of the show then you know about him but he's finally here and with a little convincing um actually you were all up for it but whatever but anyway you can say any words at any time okay but when you first got here though yeah go ahead i want to. hit this nice [music]. that's his intro. did you get you got you. came in with a jeremy i meant to. hit that one i know but previously. on congratulations i have to. say that what do you mean. meant to hit it it literally says the thing. okay hold on previously. on congratulations what's this. my dad directed what now you. can't just keep [ __ ] doing it so okay we do that bit once an episode now listen when we got here you sat down. and you immediately started with something. negative and that's that's shitty. to do when you're a guest. you did do that you sat. down and you said hey guys what did. you say what did i say. put this you got to. talk into this. what did i say i said hey guys you said hey guys you don't remember. what you said no you said hey guys do you do. this every week right. and what did i say. you remember now right. and i said yeah what do you. mean you listen to. it and you you watch the show. and you listen to. it and then you said well then why does it. fit why does it seem like you guys. why does it take you. this long to. get it together or whatever. right yeah yeah okay and then we said or i said because we had now. have more cameras just in case. we want to. pop in and get good reactions. out of both of us and then also it's a whole different. setup when we added a microphone. okay and that was my answer. okay but i got it no. i understand but but uh you're in the business. you're not in the podcasting. business but you know. that sometimes it takes extra. time to do [ __ ] right okay okay so then don't you think that you were disrespectful. i guess that's what my whole. round thing was okay. you don't think you're right. that's disrespectful okay cool yeah it. is i think you took a long time. to set this up. right that's all well yeah we kind of did. you know because we wanted it. to be good for you. comfortable for you and now i understand. that we've never even. had two chairs back here. honestly got it i wore this. uh billy shirt for you. because your name is william. and nobody really calls you billy. but they did when you were a kid. at willy they called you willy. yeah and i wore this. sweatshirt life rips for you. that's very sweet and it's very cool. thank you and you can get that. actually at crystalia dot com and you can even. wear it if you're if you're 73. too two what are you. up there you remember 73. i think wow you know. what's funny is remember when i used to. say uh no matter what age. you were like starting when you turned 50. i would always say like happy. 76 i can't believe you're finally 73. i think it was 73. you're literally the age i would make fun. of you used to. say that every year yeah. when i hit 40 i think now. i got to do. like 90. yeah wow but that's great. that's okay you did it. you're supposed to. get old and you did. it all right but you don't feel getting older. is to just keep doing. it keep doing it keep living. yeah that's like a very matthew. mcconaughey thank you you're getting. older just keep living man. um if you want to. adjust that you can just adjust. it [music] what i just hit you. even you don't know which one you hit huh. it was david caruso. did you mean to. hit the david caruso. one yeah okay you just did. that now i can hear it. but that talk in the [ __ ] mic but i couldn't hear it. okay but that's fine. but you can move the mic. okay do you want to. move it like this. here where do you want. me to move it. well just you have to. talk into it okay. i thought i was talking to. you you now i hear you. much better you know. if you had these on you'd be able. to tell okay but you don't have. to have those on when i asked you. to have these on no. but when i asked you. but also here like this god. like tighten it dude. you're you're you're a person you know. what to do that's the okay. there we go i got it. you see the difference i got it. but also okay just before we even. get into the show. uh you said something. that is very very very very typically. you before the show even started. when you were sitting down and it wasn't a negative. thing and this is exactly. these are the stories i tell about you on. the podcast which you know. because you listen but this is what you did. was so quintessentially you and i'm gonna tell what it. was it just happened so you put on the headphones. we said do you want. the headphones or not you said. i won't wear them and i said well. why don't you try. them this way you could have them. on and then if you like them. you wear them if not then no and you put them on. and and they took them. off and said i'm not going to. wear them and i said yeah is it because your glasses. they're uncomfortable and you said yes it's too tight. and those are two different things. and also nobody cares no. but but i care and i'm your son. and i'm like one of the most important. people in your lives yeah. because if you don't say what you mean. then you have nothing basically by. the way you're not one. of the most important people in my life. okay you're one of the most important. people in my life right. lives i said lives okay. all right so that's tit. for tat we both [ __ ] up yeah but honestly why this is a segment i wanted to. do with you and it's called why. do you do that so why. do you do that why. do i do what why do you do that. where you say [ __ ] like like you agree with the negative. and then say something completely different. you're you're first of all you're making me. out to be a negative. person you're not negative and you're not. a negative no not. at all you are one. of you're actually one of the most you're very very positive. yeah yes you are i'm an optimist. you're not you're for sure. an optimist i don't know. if i am i don't think i am i don't know. if i am or not. i i don't know i always feel like things. are going to. work out and then sometimes when i get real. depressed i think about how everything. has gone to [ __ ] i'm very quick. to that but you're you've always been really positive. but why do you do the thing. about the words thing i cause i think. it's funny you know. so you know what you're doing. i think it's funny to. not answer the question ah and i like continuing. things and answering in a way. that doesn't make sense to. you okay i understand. that but i think that you are. i have two things to. say about that i think that you do. it and you don't know. you're doing it sometimes and here's the other thing. you get mad at me. sometimes for doing it but you created. it or your family. did i mean uncle vinnie. and uncle richard are the same. way but bam wasn't like that. was it your dad grandpa. bam was he like that i don't remember but what about. other people because i didn't pay. attention to it like you do mainly. because you do [ __ ] like that where you say oh it's because of your glasses and then you'll say yeah it's too tight and it just drives me [ __ ] nuts doesn't that mean yes it's because of my glasses and it's too tight aren't i still answering the question. yeah but you don't say. it the the way to. where oh but you're also adding information that's basically. what you're saying i'm not answering. the question the way you want. me to answer the question. okay well i think that generally you know. what i'm talking about and also we need to. uh come to a better. understanding about that and but i'm still very young. i'm 41 and you're 73. or something like that and we can absolutely uh. we should work on that. so that's good that we're figuring out things. to work on on this. podcast that we may not under normal. circumstances so in a way. this is a bit like family. therapy i really appreciate that. but also what were you gonna. say something no yes but you were though. so you just did the same. thing you went like this. and you were about to. say something because i know you weren't. about to sing so what. what were you going to. say you don't remember now. you don't remember and now that's what pisses me. off the [ __ ] mouse but uh first of all why don't you just ask me another question. okay and then and then i'll answer but but i have a whole slew of things. that i can even refer. to okay that you like people. on the podcast are always like we want to. get bill's take on this. because i talked about it. but like what um what was the i actually wrote it. down hold on because i [ __ ] never remember [ __ ] um by the way what you mostly tell family stories wrong. no that's such [ __ ] no you tell them. wrong how do i tell them. wrong because you get the facts. twisted no way yeah you do hold on for. example okay you told the story about my grandfather. yes stealing from the druggist. yes oh yeah and you made it seem like it. was my father okay it. wasn't my father was. just a different person okay. it was your grandfather i i knew that did i say your father. yeah and um my grandfather. stole from the druggist and the druggist. called my dad and and asked my dad. to ask him to. stop right and the my grandfather. said to my father. when he told him. that um he's stealing from me. i'm gonna steal from him. he knows that he's stealing. from me right and i know he knows that. he's stealing from me. right so he it was like tit. for tat yeah don't you think honestly. that in a way that created. me yeah like in a way. him him and that attitude. that's like i live by. that i think that that's awesome. that he did that yeah do you think that that's awesome. that he did you think that's wrong. i think it's funny yeah it. is funny wow you're very political. i think it's hysterical it. is funny and it's fun. to know that you came from. that yeah it is funny. huh the the the one. the the one thing what was the [ __ ] one that kristen kristen just brought up. that i wanted to. talk about or you brought it up. it was just the thing. that was funny and i was like i don't want it. but it's not here is it. hold on let's just we can cut this. out if we want the toaster [ __ ] thing that's the main thing that everybody that that's the thing about the toaster i had the breville thing right here and it was like we don't need it but this is your this is the thing that i ended up getting because you said to. get it or you. were raving about i want basically what i want. to do is i want you. to talk about the toaster that. you have first of all and i want you to. talk about why it's good. and why you like it. it's a toaster no but now. you're making it seem like when everybody. already knows the deal you're making it. seem like you don't really care. about it but that i spent a lot. of money for a taste. it's not even that it's what. is what are the buttons on the toaster. that are so [ __ ] annoying and you should know that you're annoyed by. the buttons on the toast it's it's it. the buttons on the toaster what's up. oh talk in the mic. okay the buttons on the toaster. say toast yeah bagel yeah a bit more take a look take a look yeah you can hit a button and um oh and it comes up. a little bit to. see it and it goes back. down yeah okay and that. that's and you like the toaster. yeah is it the best. toast you've had yeah all of those buttons are the same. buttons i have news for you. they're all the same button but they don't do. the same thing but they do though. kind of in a way. what are you talking about. because there's one thing a toaster does it. toasts yeah and then it stops toasting right. there's two things right. it toasts and stops toasting right every button you hit either. toasts it or stops toasting it even. if it's just for a little bit. so you don't even so first. of all you don't need a little bit. more you don't need the button that's a little bit. more here's the thing what i think. that you did you saw it. and you like it you were a cuda. about it you were sparkly. it was sparkly because of the a little bit more. button and the take a peek button those are. the same things as the other buttons the on button okay. first of all you're wrong okay. and second of all it was not a cuda. thing it was not a sparkly. thing it was just i wanted. to get a toaster and stop buying. toasters i wanted to get the toaster. that would end me. from buying any toaster ever. again and why is that that. toaster because it has all those buttons so you so basically what you're saying. in essence is you always wanted a toaster that had a little bit. more button no i didn't always want the toaster okay. why not then what do. you mean button on it but the fact. that it had those buttons made it it's better. but that's what that's what like. somebody who's like a coded. what that could have done okay. you know what a cuda is okay. right yeah yeah okay because you've listened to. the episodes yeah so now you're just willing to. accept that or is it. acceptance or is it i don't care. yeah i i i i don't give a [ __ ] okay i think it's i don't give a [ __ ] okay yeah i mean if you don't give a [ __ ] only you know that yeah so so you're telling me you don't give a [ __ ] yeah i don't give a [ __ ] don't it's so annoying. dude is that happening again. no it's not it's a different. thing but it's it's it's fine. it's fine i i love. that you do it but also you got to. understand that you do it and you also have to. understand i don't even know what you're talking. about okay well fine. fine explain it no i'm just saying. we're spending too much. time on this but you okay. no it's fine it's good. but you you you know what it. is like no yeah i know. no but i'm gonna explain it. okay you don't know what it's like you. throw this [ __ ] out there and it and it and it works and it riles me up and then you act like you don't care about it but it's like it's like it's like teasing in the most grandmaster way maybe that's why i do it yeah but that's [ __ ] sucks it's [ __ ] but i love it but don't change it it's just part of the fabric. of me yeah part. of the fabric that's who i am that is the most [ __ ] way to. say anything but as part of the fabric. of me okay that's part. of the fabric of me. is [ __ ] so what else do you have. on that list i i have stuff. on the list if i need to. go to it just to. remember but we don't need to. go to it i mean. i have stuff but we talked about the post. the toaster and then there's other stuff. that you did that was [ __ ] that we could talk about but i don't even care. about that necessarily um and also i i'm not in like an interviewer. and we're not doing that. obviously you've seen matt's on. the thing we just kind of talk. and make fun of stuff. but what do you um how much you love. me like how much do you love. me because i had a kid. because i had a kid. like 16 months ago. right and um it's unbelievable. it's crazy it's the craziest thing. ever it's it's you can't. describe it right no you can't describe it you cannot yeah which is you can describe everything. else yeah i think i think that's the thing. about it almost everything. else really can you describe. your love of someone. anyone well so here's the thing. you can say have you ever. loved someone and they say yes and then you say it's like that. but if you haven't had a kid you can't say it's like that's a whole other level. because they have nothing to. draw it from right because it's not like having a pet right. that you love a pet. but it's not like having a dad. it's not like having a a a a brother sister. or a wife or whatever. and and also it's it's not like you could say if an alien came down i've said this. before but if an alien came down and they were like what's baseball. like you'd be like have you seen. football and they'd be like as a matter of fact. i have and you'd be like okay. well it's kind of like that. only different but you can't do that. with a kid it's literally like nothing else. so i wouldn't tell an alien that baseball is like football. okay i wouldn't do that. i mean so missing the point. in to even hang on that. and hang that on no. it's just a bad example okay. it's it's a fine example. what would you say it's a bad. example what would you say. hello i'm so i'm an alien hey i came down to. earth what is baseball like what's baseball. i heard about baseball what's baseball. like let's go to. a game dude that's not describing. what baseball's like let's go to. a game what why not show. you what it's like what game. no but i don't have time. my spacecraft leaves and i don't have your number. you need to. tell me what it's like quick. there's a quiz when i get back. to mars i'll see you next time. no no i please i came to. one person see this is yours. i ask how do you describe baseball. and you say let's go. to a game yeah right. assume i don't even know what. a game is right. so you you don't just say i'll see. you next time to. an alien why not we're making this. [ __ ] up anyway yeah okay so so you're not an alien you're making believe you're an alien yeah and i'm making believe i'm me meeting. an alien which is absurd. to start with okay you hung on. to the thing i'm just trying. to tell you that having a kid. is crazy and you know. that and how much do you love. me when you were born. yeah it was like when you experienced. calvin being born yeah it. was unlike anything i'd ever felt and i felt like i could. conquer anything because you were in the world. isn't that weird it's because i remember i would text. you like a few first. few months he was born. and i'd be like i can't believe how much. like love you have for a kid. like and you said that's how i now. i know now you know that's how i felt when when when you mostly you. but also a little bit matt. you said you and matt. is what i said chris. you mostly but also matt. a little bit that's exactly. what i didn't say i know. i know you didn't and i know we have to. go on record to. say you didn't say that. you said that you know. because you love us. both equally but oh but also remember dude. i don't know if i ever said this. on the podcast but matt and i always [ __ ] talk about it. about how you said when we were in italy. and then i was dressed with the green. shirt and the rose tinted sunglasses. and matt was dressed i guess a little bit more. normal and you were like hey matt. you look great and then you saw me. and you said hey chris you look. funky yeah that's so. d that's so [ __ ] up it's seared into. my brain that happened i know and i'm different. because of it how do you feel about. that i know i've never stopped thinking about it. you never know when you're gonna [ __ ] your kids up is my point. yeah you never know but you are gonna. [ __ ] your kid up i know that's like kind of that's scary. you know why well because what if it's real. bad you know like i have like you're not going. to do anything yeah true. you're just going to. do stupid [ __ ] yeah you're funky you look funky. yeah yeah i love when those kinds of moments. happen though and then you don't know. they're going to happen. and then they happen. and you're like oh immediately that's why. by the way when that happened sure yeah i saw matt. first i know and then you walked in the room. second that's how i described it. though yeah yeah so what the [ __ ] that have to. do with anything why did you go. back and say that part. i don't know you don't even. know i don't know you don't even know. why you said that. i don't know that's unbelievable. you know why you did. everything why you do everything. no i don't know why. i do everything but i try real. hard i don't ah you one. of my friends also said once. about you that you never fidget. and you really don't you're real. chill yeah how do you do that. you just relax pretty much. wherever you are you just. don't fidget yeah okay. why can't i just be chill. um who said i don't fidget. um it was ryan davis that said that. that you were fidgety that i wasn't that. you're not fidgety ryan davis said it. he's like come here that. doesn't fidget and i was like oh yeah. he doesn't huh does everybody. fidget i mean yeah everybody. else fidgets yeah you're like james. bond it's a it's like you're a movie. character only you don't really do high octane. [ __ ] you know what i'm saying you're just like chill it's like james bond after he retired. that's what you're like you're just. like don't fidget and you're just like i've seen. it all but you haven't even seen like but when ryan davis said that. yeah i was 20. years younger right than i am. but you're not fidget you're very um like for someone. in their 70s you're very like you can just like you can squat down on your knees. and get back up yeah you have like no. hunch and [ __ ] right all your hair right what do you think that's from eating scents that was all my hair yeah yeah eating all eating like salads and tuna and [ __ ] no it's just you're on your feet a lot but also it's just the luck of the draw i think that's so disheartening you know what i mean like some guys are like [ __ ] 50 and look older than you some guys are old when they're 40. yeah true some guys are forever young yeah i always feel young i feel like i'm your age. still except when i look. at you uhhuh or if you catch yourself. in the mirror when i see myself. in the mirror i can convince myself. that i still look the same. wow when i see a picture picture yeah. yeah yeah that's when i realized who the [ __ ] is that old guy that's funny. because i do that too when i see a picture. of me i notice i'm older. but not when it's only with pictures. yeah it's interesting you know. do you think it has anything to. do with like everyone has their mirror. face and they do what. they do but they don't do it. for the picture because they can't tell what they're doing. in the picture because i have a mirror. face i think you can fool. yourself looking into. a mirror yeah and you can't fool. yourself when you're looking at a picture yeah. we used to. make fun of you with your mirror. face do you remember that. yeah i definitely have a mirror. face yeah but i think most people do i do um mine's like this. um but that's a good one. yeah um wait hold. on what was i gonna say. about the [ __ ] thing i don't remember i don't remember what i was to. say about the thing. see that's good the good thing. about this podcast is that when i forget. i just keep talking and go go. to say whatever i'm going. to say but that's it's a little trickier with someone. else oh that's the good thing. about this podcast yeah. there's not much trust me. that's the good thing but uh oh if you want. sign up for our patreon. it's patreon dot com crystalia. and to and all that. i did yeah you're a patreon. subscriber right yeah that's really cool. because you definitely don't have. to which is which is nice. you always wanted to. support huh you always wanted to. support like you've seen every episode. of this yeah you've seen every episode. of anything really i've done. yeah and you came to. all the baseball games that. i used to. do uh baseball's not like football. and um and i tell that to. an alien yeah and i not and i and i have not really seen. i have not seen everything. you've done but that would be too hard. though because i was born already when you were 30. or something yeah but you could catch up. yeah well now that everything's streaming. yeah um i'm disappointed that. you haven't yeah well that makes one of us. honestly but that's good. i i do have to. catch up on your show. big shot right. that's what it's called. yeah yeah with uh with johnston on disney. plus i love him. yeah oh yeah you could [ __ ] do like a plug here. i didn't even realize that um all episodes. streaming now yep are you. going to do a second season. you don't know yet. i don't know yet. yeah okay well i hope so yeah. um what's up with okay. one thing we have in common. we both love coffee. yeah you say you love coffee. no i only drink hot. coffee right that's where we differ. right can i drink iced. coffee did you catch that. listeners the way he did it. did you catch it okay. i just want you to. catch this [ __ ] so you know what i'm talking about it. again all right so you didn't even realize you did. it so you say you always know. when you're doing it. but you don't know when you're but i did. it again no because so what you did. was i said we both. love coffee huh. do you love coffee. and and i said we both. love coffee huh. and you said no i drink. hot coffee that's insane. to say that that way no that's not insane. i'm not saying not exactly what. i just want the viewers technically. in real time that's not exactly. what happened so what's exactly. what happened what happened. is you asked me. do i love coffee. and i said no but you like cold. coffee and i like hot. cocoa okay all right you know what this. is honestly a perfect time. to do this do what previously. on this episode [music] you. say you love coffee. no i only drink hot. coffee right that's where we differ. right okay i drink iced. coffee did you catch that. listeners the way he did it. did you catch it okay. so now that we cut that in that's what happened. okay that's what happened. now we don't know because we're sitting here right. now but the viewers will be able. to tell and when we see it. we'll see what happened but i'm pretty. sure i was right. but you might be right. but i think it was me. because they started laughing. even before i pointed it. out behind us here's why you're wrong. okay because you tell the stories about the family. yeah incorrectly no and we should move. on because you always tell them. from your perspective as if you are the center. of the story all the time thank you. and you're not the you're saying center. of the story all the time i am though. because i'm me and i'm no. one else but when you tell a story yeah. you have to. tell the story from the perspective of the story happening. not from the perspective of i am. the center of it that might be the worst advice for a standup. comedian though because you have to. be like this is what happened. and this is how i feel about it. this isn't npr okay. and you know what i say. about npr [ __ ] npr yeah but you list you probably listen to. npr but um so you only drink. hot coffee yeah you don't drink. iced coffee no. why never because why coffee. should be hot okay i like that. you're taking a stains you know. that but why because coffee. is hot unbelievable is this. a children's book why i like iced. coffee i like hot. coffee why would you be. hot bill says i don't like it. i i don't like the way. it tastes when it's cold. i only like the way it. tastes when it's hot. do you think that iced. coffee tastes the same. as hot coffee except for the temperature. no i but i agree with you. i agree with you i like both. um so but you drink coffee. i only drink a couple of cups. a day okay so but would you say which is my original. [ __ ] question that you love it no okay i don't love it okay i like it okay so you and you drink it. because it wakes you up. maybe yeah okay fine this tea. thing remember when you started. drinking tea at night yeah. okay sleepy time tea all. right just don't even let me. don't get ahead of everything. all right i said to. you i noticed you were drinking. you only drink coffee till when what like 11. p.m or 11 a.m in the morning. yeah okay so i noticed he had. a coffee cup and he was drinking. it at like 9 30. p.m and i was like what what. is your camera you're drinking. coffee so late and you said it's tea. and i said oh wow. i didn't know you drink tea. at night and you said yeah. i do it every night. before i go to. bed and i said really and you said yes. and i said that's crazy. i said does it. work and you said i don't know because i i've i've i haven't been doing. it that long and i said when did you start. and you said yesterday. okay so why did you say. i do it every night. before i go to. bed when you don't even have a streak. you literally started it the day. before this was the second time. you were drinking it. you're going to let me. answer yeah but i got to. get all the points out okay. okay go ahead it was fun. to do that so you knew you. brought right when i said that. you thought i'm gonna have fun. doing this no okay so then no it just developed. that way so you knew what. you were doing from jump. no so then what the [ __ ] are you saying what i'm saying. is that as the story as the conversation. progressed i decided to. [ __ ] with you why not all right. yeah fine but i just it's like that. was so funny i didn't plan. it right ahead of time. i got it it just developed. that way okay look that's fine. your brother uncle vinnie my uncle. vinnie has two wallets. yeah okay i've talked about on the podcast. before uh he is probably honestly. when it comes to. this [ __ ] he's probably me on steroids. would you say like with the with the why. why did you say that. when you said it like this. or you think i'm worse. i don't know what you mean. what do you mean. you on steroids the thing. about okay i don't mean. he's a muscular me. like i don't mean like steroids. but i mean like what do. you mean about the two wallets. okay so he has two wallets. and you don't i don't i have one wallet. yeah just like you yeah but he has two wallets. why because he likes to. keep different things in different. wallets right so if he gets if he gets uh robbed he can give a guy the money. the wallet with the less [ __ ] in it he can give the guy the wallet. with just the ones in it. that's what he does and he really. does carry around two wallets. right yeah okay so i want. this is something i bring up. because i want the fans of this. podcast to understand that i i don't lie. about this [ __ ] you you are backing. me up about this. yeah great so that's a true. story my whole family's crazy yeah. yeah because of that okay. good i just want you to. know that he's nuts yeah he is not my brother. is nuts more nuts. than uncle richard yeah what is the deal. with that growing up with him. that he was always nuts. or what no no i think he became nuts. as he became an adult. right that's what i'm doing. yeah that's for sure what i'm doing. that's you on steroids that's. what you know i'm saying yeah. i don't know if i'm that. way that much like i don't have two. wallets but i'm definitely specific about other. things yeah but i think he might be are specific about too many. things like what like every conversation. we have right like every conversation. we have is true. like when you say the thing. about the headsets right and the glasses. if yeah all right okay fair. enough or making a deal. out of the calamari. right okay so you listened to. this and you were saying how i you i didn't tell that wrong. the calamari thing no you told that. from your perspective which was incorrect. okay so here's what happened. we i don't eat column. i never eat i've never eat i've never had calamari. did you know that no. okay you should listen to. me more because i've said that. a lot i know that now um uh you were eating. calamari and you went to. fork some calamari right. right or i'm just going. to tell it because i don't know if you remember but you got two. i remember okay well why don't you want. me to tell it. okay well i'll tell you tell me. what's wrong okay all. right so you forked the calamari. bowl you got two one was secure. on the fork the other one. was dangling a little bit. you went to go. dip the calamari into. the sauce the dangly one. fell in the other one. got a little bit of sauce. on it so you were like okay. forget it ate the one calamari. right with a little bit of sauce. on it then grab the other calamari. we had so much sauce. on it because you dropped it. in and then you ate that. one right right and i asked you. which one i asked. you how much sauce. do you like on your calamari. do you put a generous. amount like that second one. or do you put just a little bit each time. and you you said i don't care. right right what's wrong about. that that's all correct okay. so my point is we talked about for like a half. an hour at dinner you don't eat all. of your calamari at the same. the same with the same amount. of sauce this this. blow this blows my mind. here's your thing okay. what here's the thing that bugs. me about what you're saying. okay you also talked about how much meat you put in a pasta. dish yes this blows my mind. but you you think that everybody. gives that thought when there's no thought involved. in eating you just eat that. so but isn't what you do. who you are in a way. yeah so in a way. you don't know who you are. is what you're admitting no. if if i'm gonna get a bowl of pasta. no who i am is. somebody that doesn't care about what. happened to the calamari. doesn't care how many pieces. of meat are in the pasta. dish okay so i like about four pieces. of meat in my pasta. dish yeah you said three four. right five to me. would be too much. you don't think about it. right right you just put pasta. and meat in the bowl right. cool great cool so we figured it. out now if you had only gotten three meats. in the pasta bowl and you noticed that. then what i'd eat them. okay if you got four then what i'd eat them. okay if you got five then what. i'd eat them and if you got six then what. okay and if you got seven then what [music]. who knows okay but i want to. i have the same amount. of pasta each time. or what am i imagining. what i want a little less. pasta and more meat the same. same amount same bowl the same bowl. the same amount of pasta. yeah you'd eat the six ones. if you got seven what would you do. if you got seven in that. same amount of possible oh that's too. many okay so we know. so we know then you like about five you know. six is a lot. meats and you're possible. three or four is plenty. oh my god so now you actually. know so you knew you. know the whole time because you made me. think that it is insane. to me you made me. think about it and i don't think about it. i think you do no i don't do i think you you. visually see it because you'd never put nine pieces. of meat in the pasta. this is what all podcasts. should be about you might put nine pieces. of meat in the pasta. if you have less pasta. what honestly what do. you even mean what do. you mean i mean you want to. fill up on me. that not pasta felt yeah. okay that's what i mean. but you don't do that. so why are you giving a hypothetical. because this is all hypothetical. it's really not though. in a way that part it's fine. the fact that you care about this. is ridiculous but of course i care. about what my food. is going to be it's ridiculous. okay okay fine yeah hold on. one second we got to. do it like this i don't know why. it keeps doing that that's it. you did it a piece. of [ __ ] pasta flying. across the thing nice all. right look wait okay. when i watch your podcast. i always want to. hit those buttons well you you can now. and honestly uh i'm sure a lot. of people do that's why. i came here i just want to. hit the buttons okay i got other why do you do that. we talked about the calamari. why do you always cheat. at games because it's fun. board games and any kinds of games. guessing games i i want people to. know ahead of time. that i'm gonna cheat okay. and that's part of the fun. of the game for me. okay what's remember the thing. you told about how mom was calling you and telling you the what. was the thing a long. time ago that was a specific thing. i know but that's hilarious. when we lived in new jersey. yeah and i was shooting a commercial. out here in california and there were no. cell phones at the time. and it was a car. commercial and we finished the car. commercial early you were shooting a car. commercial you got it are we back. yeah if you want to. be okay all right we have to. take a break because it's got so hot and we had to. take over off of his really great. life rip uh hoodie. but you were talking about and you you'd like to. cheat at games yeah. because you think it makes games. more fun yeah which i agree. with you because i don't like games. yeah um basically i don't like games. right okay and so i let people know ahead of time. if there's a way to. cheat i'm gonna cheat. yeah and i let them. try to catch me. and if they catch me that's fun. for you and if i get away. with it that's more fun. right so you okay so all right. so but okay and then there was this. one time okay so when you the story i was telling was about the car. commercial and how old were you this. was before me yeah. okay you might have been a baby. at the time right. i was doing a car. commercial here in california. i was directing a commercial and we finished. the commercial in front of a building. and there were no cell phones. at the time yeah so i went into. the building to make a call. to call home i called your mother. and she said um i can't talk right. now i'm watching jeopardy. and she said i need to. get the final jeopardy answered. yeah and and then i got mad at her. we had a fight she said. because she couldn't talk yeah okay. she wouldn't talk to. me because of a television. show yeah that's annoying. so i got mad at her. okay she said okay queen victoria is the answer. i can talk now got it so you remember queen victoria yeah wow and then wow i didn't want to. talk to her and i hung up. because i said i don't want to. talk now interesting oh i didn't know. that that's how it's starting. to show is more important. than talking to me. then i don't want to. talk to you interesting. i like that so that. night in my apartment i was staying at. the oakwood apartments here in california yeah wow i don't think they're open anymore. but yeah they're not the operator anymore. but uh we were here for a series. of commercials it was a package. okay so we were staying there. for like a couple of weeks. and um danny oh really okay. well i didn't know it's him. yeah your uncle danny yeah. yeah he was taking me. out to dinner that night and he we were going. to dinner that night and he was coming. to pick me up. yeah and the tv was. on and jeopardy was on. right and i thought to. myself could this be the same show. that mom was watching yeah. i bet it is it's syndicated. yeah it's three hours later. in california and they're running. the same show right. so i said to. denny you know it's uncanny. but i always get the final answer. i don't know why i don't know. what it is about me. but i can get a lot. of the answers incorrect but when it comes. to the final deputy answer i always. get it that's the stupidest. [ __ ] and and he that's what he said oh yeah he said that can't be and i said i bet i get it tonight and the question. was about clearly the answer. could have been queen victor oh yeah yeah so i said i don't know why. but i think it's queen victoria he said that's amazing. because you got it right. yeah yeah and i said to. him i'll get it. right all this week [laughter]. i'll bet you that i get it. right every night okay. and so every night on set. we'd wheel a tv onto. the set and we get to. the final jeopardy answer. and i called your mother. that and i said no matter what. happens i'm going to. call you around 4. 30. yeah and i want you regardless. of what we're talking about. yes to give me the final. jeopardy answer you have to. watch jeopardy every day okay. okay so and she said okay yeah okay. she did that and so i said no. matter what we're talking about you have to. give me the final jeopardy. answer we were talking about. the kids you guys or whatever. the weather and she would say the 1939 world's fair. because i would say it out. loud yeah i would just continue because you didn't want. them to hear you yeah. and uh and so okay every night i would wheel. the tv in yeah and get the final jeopardy. answer okay and then denny said. to me right after three. nights of this oh okay. i remember you said i know. what's going on right. you're getting the answers from ellie. back in new jersey and she's watching the show. and she's giving you the answers. right right and i said indignantly how dare you accuse. me of that yeah that's absurd. for as long as you know. me yeah why would you think i would stoop to. something like that wow i mean. you really laid it. on thick yeah okay and he's apologized. okay he apologized. he was right and he apologized. okay cut to. the end of the week he drives. me to the airport i get out. of the car and i say to. him by the way. i meant to tell you you were right. i was getting the answers from ellie. she was watching the show. every night she was giving me the answers. to final jeopardy and i said. here's the mistake you made you love. me so you believe me. yeah you shouldn't have done. that you should have just trusted yourself. this is like the like the first draft of a bronx. tale this is the worst. lesson to teach somebody hey you were. wrong about jeopardy but that's what. i did i was calling my wife. and getting the answers but that's what i did. that's so that's the story ridiculous yeah and by the way. there's something i need to. tell you but it was fun. remember when you brought up. jeopardy it was a lot. of fun you made a grave mistake. you you trusted me. just because you loved me. in real life don't make that. mistake you wind up. with two in your head. that's exactly what happened. except for the two in your headphones. that wow i thank god i have. a dad that did [ __ ] like that because most dads just are like hi. how you doing and how's the weather. i think that that's great. you know when i actually thought about that. made me think of this for some reason. but when you when you um took me to. my first baseball game i think that this might be why i don't like sports what happened. how first of all how old old was i it. was the mets versus the pittsburgh. pirates and you were for it's crazy. the [ __ ] you remember you remember was versus the pirates. you probably still have the [ __ ] stubs or something i have someone yeah i have the tickets. and the article that was in the paper. the next day right. because of what happened during the game. okay so no because i brought you no. no no no no i know. that but that's why i said what happened. tell the story because you it was my first game. i had never i actually remember this. i was four and i remember feeling. the anger uh and it's one of those memories. yeah okay go ahead uh i had never seen. a grand slam [music]. daryl strawberry gets up with the bases loaded and hits a grand slam first inning right yeah wasn't it the first inning yeah okay i think it was the first inning yeah and um it might have been second order whatever but i don't remember that everybody in the stadium jumped up and screamed bloody murder yeah right because of nicholas and darrell strawberry one of the faves and as i'm on my feet applauding and screaming. i think to myself. i wonder how the kid's taking this and i look down. at you and you're crying. your eyes out yeah and i say what's wrong. and you said i can take it. that it's cold i can take it. that i don't know what's going. on but when everybody stands up. and gets mad at me. like that i don't like it. dude thinking i took you out and i bought you tshirts. and pennants and candy and hot. dogs and whatever i could buy i didn't like to. be it made me so scared. i remember thinking how scared. i was that you were all the crying. your eyes out the sound of it. i hated it it was. so deafening and loud and i remember also grandpa. [ __ ] laughed at me grandpa. your dad turned around and laughed at me. he's like why are you. [ __ ] crying yeah it isn't a grand slam. i'm like i don't even know. what baseball is that would be him. yeah that would be my dad. i [ __ ] love i loved your dad i remember even as a kid. like when he would be like because he had his chair. you know in queens in his house. archie bunker yeah he just had to. have the chair and he would always sit in his chair. and if somebody was sitting in the chair. he'd make you get up. that's what i was going. to say is i remember i sat. in it once one time. and he came back and he just goes and and then i got i got out. and i remember as a kid. thinking like that's so [ __ ] cool. he has his chair and like nobody says [ __ ] about it and like like to. me like that's what it. was being like a homeowner like you could just and and like being like because he was older. than everybody he had his chair. i was like i can't wait to. have my chair you know. and i don't even have my chair. now this is my chair. but like um i remember thinking that. about him everybody. should have their chair yeah. you do you remember when you were yelling. at me once in high school. and i was you i think you'll remember this. what was i yelling about i don't know. what it was about what'd. you do you weren't yelling. but you were like having a talk with me. it definitely weren't yelling. but it was like a sit down like you were sitting me down. saying like you can't do this. and when this happens you do that. and that and i said uh and you and i said okay. and and you said do you have anything that you want. or have to. say about that or any questions. and and i said no and you said well what are you thinking. about and i said your ears. are just like grandpa's yeah you remember that. except the conversation was this. oh you remember what it. was about remember the exact. conversation okay okay what it was. when you were like 15. yeah i was in high school. for sure yeah and that. was the age where you stopped wanting. to be with your parents. oh yeah and and we sat. down i sat you down. to talk to. you about why that's right. and you said dad. it's just the age i'm going. through you probably went through. this with your dad all right. i remember yeah and i said yeah. but my dad was an [ __ ] i'm cool. right which was the wrong. thing to say right. right right then you said nah. you're not cool well i think at 15. i wasn't cool right. but i but then what did. i say i said the thing. about how then you sit yeah. yeah no i said about. how it was only going. to last a few years. yeah you remember that because i was like it's not. cool to hang out. with your dad when you're like a sophomore. um uh junior senior in high. school right and then once you're out. of the house or in college. it's cool again right. and i said so just bear with me. for a few years you. were smarter than me at that. moment yeah because you knew that was gonna happen. and it and it did and it would and then we would i would come. back from college and we could hang out. again i don't know what the [ __ ] it is about that [ __ ] though it's so weird like i remember feeling embarrassed. when i was out with you and i would see either. girls or some of my friends. and i had in their in my mind. they were like oh chris is with his dad. loser just know that cal. is gonna do that too. i know it's gonna happen. i know i i suppose. i dread it but i do remember that. i remember the feeling and i remember that. conversation we had so i am prepared. for it and um i'll tell him. this or i'll just show. him this clip actually that's uh that's so i i just can't. believe he's gonna be sick what. the [ __ ] is it like to. see your kid grow up. and now i'm 41. it's pretty amazing. i mean like like like i saw a fiveyearold today. i was at a i can't remember where i was somewhere. with kristen but i just saw a fiveyearold and like cal's one. and a half and i'm just like i can't. believe he's gonna be like talking to. me and [ __ ] and the fiveyearold had a hat on and i'm like cow's gonna have a hat one day like that he wants to. wear and [ __ ] whitley tells you no for the first time yeah and means it yeah he doesn't do that now he just goes yeah he'll look at you and say no i remember that with you and your brother the first like the first few times i said first time you said no what the [ __ ] what do you mean no i'm in charge here you do what i say what do you mean no and then i made no sense stuck to. it yeah and i didn't do it. of course i'm [ __ ] that's good that's good for me. i'm glad i did i am. glad i did that that's what kids. do um [music] what. yeah that is what kids. do but i don't know i see other kids. parent like or other parents. parent than the way they parent. and sometimes i'm like you're not you gotta [ __ ] they'll be like nah don't all right. okay then and they're just running. around and [ __ ] and i'm like dude i'm not gonna do that but do you give up a little bit like are you like all right. yeah you gotta acquiesce a little bit. [ __ ] intel dogs hey you can't give up yeah you can't right you can't give up because then you have to. present all over the united front wow. political your wife and you can't. give in yeah is um okay. let's see there's other things i want. to talk about but that is uh very sweet. and very nice by the way. once i won at trivial pursuit. and nobody could believe that. i didn't cheat and i didn't. cheat and you did win. yeah i won legitimately and then with your mom. and aunt michelle oh. yeah you've told me. this and they couldn't believe i knew. the answer what was the answer. but i didn't cheat if it. was queen victoria that yeah if it was full i don't remember the answer. yeah um that's [ __ ] up that you remember the cheat. answer but not the real answer. when you did win um that's not [ __ ] up. no maybe i don't know i i don't really. have conviction with that to. be honest what's up. with uh you have conviction about. everything else i know things that really like here's another thing. too things that don't matter. i know i i i convinced. you it might be my ocd. it might be it might be my ocd. i think then well because like like if i think about like if i really think about it. like the fact that you have a carton of whole milk. in your fridge and not just the little whole milk. bullshits or half an ounce. you don't have a you have a whole carton of half. and half yeah because why. because i bought it okay. so i was home a lot. and i was using the half. and half a lot. yeah and so the little pint containers. weren't enough right. because as you know and as you've established. yeah i love coffee. right so hold on a second. what do you mean. the little ones aren't enough. i would run out of the pint and have to. buy more of them more frequently so if i bought the quart it. would last longer okay. but i'm talking about the little ones. that are at restaurants yeah. why don't you get those. where would i get those. can't you get those you can get those. we have those nobody gets those. i have those nobody gets those i'll show you. them after the show i have them yeah. but nobody gets them you get a container and you put it in the refrigerator that's what you do. you but yours is very big. yeah it's too big it's a cord. don't i know what a quart. is but it's very big for half. an hour how is a quart too big. for for a half an hour. i'll tell you why i i have already thought. about this i love what. i've already thought about something. i haven't been cocked yeah. it looks like regular milk. then and i almost gave it to. the baby except that it. says half and half. right on it it does but when i looked at the whole. milk it was a little bit. bigger and the only thing different. about it was it. didn't say half and half. it said whole milk. and you know i have a baby. by the way there was no whole. milk in there if there was there. was two people right. two percent yeah okay and half. an hour right two percent. yeah you don't drink coffee. and you grab the half and half. yeah and you poured it. into the baby's bottle yes i did. yeah and then and then you reacted like i was putting in ricin. you were you were reacting like i put in a i had a bottle of rice. and i was going to. get you the real reason. i reacted like i did was because you were using. my precious half of half. yeah and i needed it. for my coffee if it was smaller. i would never have used it. it looks too much. like the milk the fact. that it says half. and half on it. you don't read the [ __ ] things so closely. no you do if it's orange. you look at it. you open the refrigerator okay you look at what's there. okay and you take out. what you need cool. you don't just absently take out. a carton because you think it's milk. okay you just don't okay. nobody does that i think that that's wrong. i think what you're saying. is wrong but i'll i'm gonna let you have that. maybe i'm wrong about that. but you are but okay. fine so let's say i'm wrong. okay we're both saying that you don't. need to keep saying it. because we both said it. all right i'm gonna say it. again okay fine but when you're done. saying it i have something. that will add to. this whole [ __ ] thing okay okay have you ever had grapefruit juice. yes have you ever i know. you're confused but what i do. is i start it a certain way. and then it all comes back. it's like a tarantino movie you don't know. why john travolta gets killed in the middle. and then he's there also let me explain. one thing but i'm not done. but okay i'm not confused. okay i'm i'm traveling with you. okay you've had grapefruit juice. yeah have you ever had pineapple. juice yeah okay now you keep grapefruit. juice in your in your fridge. all the time what's it. look like is it got a little handle. it looks like a cart you know. you got a thing maybe it looks like that. maybe it's a carton whatever you see. it okay grapefruit yours. all the time my family. loves grapefruit juice it doesn't but in this. hypothetical world my family. loves grapefruit juice we're the grapefruit. juice family okay we're the family that when you come over you know. you get grapefruit juice. one day you decide to. get pineapple juice all right. it doesn't look that much. different does it and the only thing. different about it is. it says pineapple and not grapefruit. okay i'm pavlov's dog when i'm opening. the fridge i grab the pineapple juice. i drink it and i drink it. and i think what the [ __ ] pineapple whose fault. is that whose fault is. that is that my fault. i think it's yours. so in essence what you're saying. is whenever you grab a carton even though. you're always there and you pretty. much know what it is you should read. it every time i'm saying that when you open. a refrigerator yeah to get something. yeah you have to. look before you take it. out and use it that's what i'm saying it. just it i okay. all right grapefruit juice pineapple juice. whatever the [ __ ] and how do you feel so and you were upset. that i i by mistake. used it because now. you didn't have enough half. and half right i guess. that's cool that's fair. not only that you're poisoning. your son no you can feed. i looked it up. afterwards it just makes them fatter. okay i'm sorry little kids. hey guys that's it. for youtube if you want to. catch the rest of the episode. all you got to. do is go to. my patreon which is patreon. dot comcrystalia there's the uh the rest of this episode. and uh the bag backlog. of patreon episodes and all sorts. of other stuff so uh go. sign up [music] congratulations. [music] thank you it's probably annoying. with your glasses is. that why you didn't do. it yeah it's just too tight. don't need them 