 this is going to. be so good okay oh so i'm [ __ ] my girlfriend right. no no no no i talked to. my girlfriend about the issue. right got it got it. got it sweetie. i'm sorry it's this. [ __ ] i was filling out health insurance online. now that we have an audience. who [ __ ] does that here not nobody there's too many people in here some of you [ __ ] do that who would do it be honest oh you [ __ ] front again we knew though we knew would do it right yeah we knew he was the one who was like take your [ __ ] off wow somebody else's home when you joked when you joked what did you say i said hey you're like a kiss a machine huh okay i take it back it could still work dude about 18 times out of 20 it works i mean just say 9 out of 10 [ __ ] guy doesn't do math i'm out of there right away when he says that okay last question all right hi my name is kristen deia oh [applause] no oh no runk hello hello hello hello hello hello who was born ready oh dude i just saw carrie carpenter's on the disabled. list so it sucks. oh carri carpenter yeah. dud babysitter i just picked wow. that's such a true thing. that you said k. carpenter sounds like a babysitter. that we would have had now. isn't that interesting that you said that. and i thought wow that's so true. so unbelievably mad it's ridiculous. do you remember our babysitter. named miffy what did she look. like blonde with a uh fake uh white mink jacket yeah. she's the one who had the friend. that hypnotized you hypnotized yeah dude. that was crazy she didn't. hypnotize us you know. no she did that's why. you are the way you are. and that's why i'm different. because true at an early. age the most basic hypnotized joke. well i knew you'd like that. oh damn it i broke this. thing that's okay that's okay. yeah i did like it. look at this why did you know. i would like it look at this. okay magic wine is it [ __ ] to. drink it like a little oh yeah. dude what do you mean. is it look how little it. is yeah you if you have to. go like this with something it. doesn't matter what it is. it's you do that with your penis. gotcha he's on one. today so anyway uh look man. you're going to want. to get lifeline luxury patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. because we are releasing. we are releasing uh. or we know we have released. the uh the um the live show. on patreon so go. check it out right. now it's awesome it's absolutely. awesome the best episode of lifeline. in the history of life shout out to. irvine improv and uh we're probably going. to do some more here so uh do that. and then also get get your tickets. at chia dot com uh for me. i go to australia. and uh i will be there. soon and and oxnard i have dates in oxnard anyway. um and then matt's got a podcast. a private it's called private. records so subscribe to. that doesn't cost nothing. just like jlo's love and um if you got a question. hit the description below or go. to watch lifeline dot com if you want a oneonone advice. session with matt go to. mata dot com and if you want to. get the merch which is really. cool i was wearing it. the other day it's lifeline. merch dot com and it's or you can go. to my website but it's um i'll tell you guys something. a lot of you have done. the oneonone sessions with me. and i didn't know what to. expect i've been doing it. long enough now it's legitimately. fulfilling for me oh wow. so thank you to. everybody who's done that i know. a lot of you obviously. watched the show and found out from this. a sociopath or psychopath. then is that what that means. pro it points to. it probably why do bass pro. shops huh is it. an old one uh i don't know best. pro shop hats are in now. not that one but oh really yeah. and it's like slam me. so hard not that one. no with that's good though. that not that one it's always the the same. one and all these bros. have it really yeah and you're pull it up. i want to. know how close to. being a bro i am. when you see it you'll. understand you've seen it you know. okay um but that one's way. i've never seen that one that. is that a vintage one. oh oh oh dude yeah i know these of course the trucker hat. to told told you this. is definitely i got this just at a shop. i was looking for some sweatpants. when i was in florida. mad lib i was looking for sweatpants. when i was in florida. cuz i flew to. florida i had nothing comfy to. sleep in i went to. a thrift shop so i got a hat to. sleep in co got some sick. sweatpants but i was like show. me the hat it was all high up. show me the hat a game. show show me the hat show. me hat d and now you're looking so hold. on you you you is it. a vintage one yeah well it was a thrift store. so disgusting to. wear a vintage hat by. the way pretty much it's kind of if you think about it. disgusting to. wear anything that is uh uh except for people wash clothes. and they don't normally wash. hats oh i washed the hat. before i put it on right. i understand but to. think about the fact that they that. wasn't upkept wash and there might be like some deep. deep disease in it that's not something. if you know what i mean. i know but i'm saying still wouldn't stop thinking about it. thank you very much next. so you would be wearing it. thinking i have diseases on my head. yeah i mean i wouldn't be wearing it. but yeah i don't wear hats. i'm not a hat guy. yeah we know and and and and i and i i don't know. i don't know how somebody wears a hat. all the time because it's so uncomfortable. i wear hats as much. now as i did when i was a teenager. i went like 20 years. never really wearing hats. i tell you what i wear the most. hats out of anybody in the world. and no i i really came around. on hats i really like wearing. them now but i don't i don't wear them. every day and i agree with you there. some guys that just have a hat. yeah on every day. mexicans okay mexicans do that and it's fine. it's not racist but they just do. that bros do that. too dude like the backward. white bros in arizona. and mexicans yeah yeah okay. there we go an somebody. in arizona will wear bros are bros. all the time in arizona. in in scottdale they'll wear hats. in the pool it's crazy. oh for sure dude when somebody wears a hat. in the pool i get riled. up dude how about in vegas. you go to like those party. days in vegas by the pool. and there's like 75 guys. in the pool 80% of them. have backwards hats on i get riled. up dude you just don't wear a hat. in the pool only wear a swimsuit. in the pool if you're fat don't wear a shirt. dude if you're fat just be fat in the pool. do not wear a shirt. we all know you're fat. okay and and and don't wear a hat. just wear a swimsuit dude. if you want to. wear a regular trunks cool if. you want to. wear speedo cool but do not. wear anything but that i get riled. up what rils you about it. you think they're trying to. hide it yeah we know what you're doing. dude but they're just insecure. dude so i'm insecure. too and what do you. do about it i i still go. out there and i rock my [ __ ] but you're not a fat man no i know but i get insecure about other things and what do you do about those things i know but i get riled up and don't r me up when i'm at the pool at the bellagio. do you know what i mean. and i'm riled up. scott if i'm at a pool. in vegas i'm already riled. up because everyone is too. close it's gross. dude i every once in a while i don't really go. to vegas anymore. but when i would i would always be in my room. and then there' be this crazy. chaos sound on saturday. morning i would look down and there would be like 400. people at the pool in the pool. just like being drunk. already at 10: a.m. it's disgusting. dude and everybody looks like they're having fun. they're lying that's not fun. well they're they're on drugs. if you're on drugs yeah i get i guess. but but i yeah i don't yeah it's weird. at at like 1: p.m to. be just i don't know. i don't really have fun. period unless i'm at home i don't have fun until like 5. p.m. if i'm out there there's no if i'm like 1:. p.m. if i'm out do things for fun. like no no no no but i'm saying. even if i'm out i can't do it it's like not fun. it's weird i'm like what am. i doing i feel like a vampire. i feel like i step in the sun. too long i'm going. to go you know. that might happen it. won't i need to. get a suntan though i'll tell you that. much you've been you actually. look a little bit more. like got a little bit more. color than i might have been outside a little bit i can't remember but it's close. to the not much you know. you never know no you look. significantly less white than usually yeah. for sure do you guys agree. he's got some color. for real yeah yeah yeah yeah there's agreement there's agreement in the house. wow okay well i guess i'm just you know. doing it you're a tan. guy dude i'm a 10 thanks. you're a 10 you're 10an. out of 10an i'm 10an. out of 10an so uh yeah anyway but so we're you know this. is great and the lifeline. luxur the lifeline uh live was was. so fun i know i keep talking about. it but it was so fun. but anyway that's how fun it. was you keep talking about. things that are fun you know what i'm saying. it's in the middle of summer. we're in the middle of summer. you know it's jun 9th right. um what are your summer. plans mine yeah mine are to. not feel so hot i'm going. to do what i can. to stay not very very hot. which frankly means not being outdoors. very much that great plans. man my my big summer. plans are to. not be very very hot. really fun yeah it's going. to be a blast dude. oh there's a fly in the studio. we've never had that okay. wow i mean patronizing. it flew away so. it's gone anyway we're learning. english what are you doing. there's a fly in the studio. wow it flew away. um i i am i'm going. to australia and then i'. i got like oh dude. that's so sick where. you going i i have hawaii too. um it's hawaii no hawaii i don't. hawaii is not something. i say i don't do that. cuz i'm not on the mainland. any people on the mainland can. do it yeah but or on in hawaii. but anytime someone is like from if you're from texas. and you're like hawaii you're piece. of [ __ ] you know that. right hawaii like like that. dude that we used to. know that said mercedes and we were like dude. it's mercedes's like no that's how you say. mercedes in german i was like who gives a [ __ ] we're in [ __ ] thousand oaks at that. point we were in sacramento. but yeah he he said he said you know. it's actually called mercedes and we're like oh we don't care. we want people to. think that we don't you know. what i mean like techop tech. cops te up her ass. you know well that's not even. really what it is what. it is yeah is anyone you. say us to. will think one of two. things you're a giant. [ __ ] or they'll say what yeah or you take a up you know i don't want to. say it that seems to. be the third option yeah um you go. like oh god yeah oh did you go. did you did you drive. here in a mercedes so stupid. anyway yeah all over oh yeah um so um anyway dude. well you want to. go to a submission yeah. i do um here it is. jents so i was just at a hotel. breakfast buffet one guy probably his late 50. coughing and sneezing into. his hand picking at his nose. and wiping it on a napkin. then he goes up to. the buffet again touching shared utensils. and stuff what would you have. done i'd considered publicly. scolding him or helping out. his cough with a jason. state and throat punch or even. just communicate with him using death. stairs oh okay by the way. we're in geneva and he was speaking. ponga so we're both outside our cultural. context but i figure the past. few years should have taught everyone something. about n hi you i mean. what do you reckon rob chris. i'm going to miss your down. under tour this year. as i'm traveling too. but uh the first one was awesome. oh thanks and i just want you to. remember how to. ask elor why spanish. oh no one knows oh elevator where's the elevator got it. cuz i that was a bit. i did seems like a really sweet. guy yeah he does that's disgusting. that is absolutely disgusting. and i'll tell you something very few kinds of things. m like upset me more like in terms of just things. that happen in public. on on the semiregular because people are often sneezing. and not covering up and coughing and just being gross. about where they're coughing. uh and i was i've always been like co. not there nothing to. do with that since co. it's not wor yeah no just do. that period don't do. that just in 11. yeah don't yeah exactly when you're a kid. you're taught how to. do these things and you're basically um a caveman or a cave. woman you're a cave. person if you do that kind of who was the miss mrs. i had a teacher mrs amat. trudy or was that an that. does not ring a bell. no yeah miss amudi that's what it. was new jersey okay and she made people bring in uh kleenex and and we would have to. have them on our desk and if we sneezed we'd. have to grab the kleenex and sneeze. in the kleenex and if we didn't use. the kleenex you she would say you didn't use. your kleenex wow yep. how have i never heard heard of that. story or that how old what what grade. like what um it was. probably like fifth or sixth in new jersey. wow you didn't use your kleenex dude. how about the fact. that i spent all school. year there and i have like one memory of it. and that's it well so what school. were you even at northeast mount hein. you went to mount. hein for one year. so it was sixth grade. oh that's so weird. we had such different lives. yeah never even ste foot on. mount hebrew man yeah what a life what a life you've led well yeah i mean it's you know you know but uh and then people would go chew. and she'd be like now. what now you're g. to shake someone's hand and they're going to. get your germs great. what a great teacher. right i know but i i just it. was a lot and she was it. was nobody liked like she was a germaphobe which is not great. but that's disgusting i where is he where did he say. was in geneva he said where's. that geneva swit like at the convention. wow you know like it's a place. at the geneva convention. what is that asia asian. no man it's in switzerland. geneva um but he said he obviously. he's not from gena he said somebody did he say he was speaking. vietnamese i forget what he said. he said someone was speaking. something else i don't know. what he said he was saying. yeah it sounded like he's saying was an asian thing. yeah it was yeah uh asian people kind of just sneeze. on people and you know. what it's w not not american. asian people as dude. you ever see the things with like on public. transportation they just smash in. there and they're just in there. and they're just sneezing. all over everyone they don't se the sardine. p can't even they they. don't go like they're such in sardine. subways that they can't move their. hands if they have a runy nose they. just go like this on someone else and wipe it. on their other shoulder. you know what that's interesting. what do you do. if they don't have like that kind of sh. and it's fine but here's are scary. to me god and you might be like chris that's racist. but it's just a fact and then also uh what is what is the thing. you are saying that is racist. though they sneeze on each other. yeah they they don't they don't they don't um their their spatial awareness. is different because they just think it's like not. a big deal because they're always packed. to sardines like this that i believe for sure. yeah uh and uh and and also any time you think that i'm i'm racist. and i say something racist. it just know that all also and this. is very true. and i've i've i've thought about this. before no matter what i'm saying. about a certain race. if they're doing it also old white. people also do it it. doesn't matter what it is. old white people also sneeze. and don't give a [ __ ] where they are or who it's on. and it's always all old white. people dude take i say mexicans. wear hats i say mexicans wear hats right. didn't i just say that. on this podcast right. i think you did i think i did. right okay also old white men. wear hats for no reason. it's also old white so if you think i'm being racist. just remember i know also old white people. do it too so thank you. very much so if you ever. thought that don't forget chris. also thinks whatever he said about that. particular race of people yeah he also. believes that old white men. do it yeah or or women. sometimes women women as well okay. sometimes women but not the h. thing but yeah anyway uh so so yeah so that's disgusting. and i what would i do. i would be like hey hey that's disgusting. i would have to. say something wrong would have to. oh he sneezing all over. this stuff huh i would i don't know. if i would say that. oh i would i would say something. like can you like go over. there if you're going to. do that like i would say that. would upset me so much. i couldn't not say something. it would it would it. would it would i would be bothered about myself. the rest of the day. if i didn't say something. interesting yeah um yeah that's dis. that's that's that's disgusting dude. i was at a when i was a teenager i was at a baja. fresh once and some kid oh i love bajh stories some kid. was sticking his hand in the saas. how old was a kid. like four but the a parent. was with them go break. the parents fing d i know and the parent. said nothing oh that dude. said nothing bro and i was like what. do i do now i would have called the of this. show about that i didn't even know i was like frozen. but also i was still a kid. so i i didn't really had really developed. fury at things like that looked i. looked at calvin's fingernails the other. day he was playing with playdoh. and i looked at his fingernails. at the end of the day. and it was just like there. was just like playo all in his finger. nails and i was like i got to. get this out and he was like why. and i was like oh you just have to. i have to cut your fingernails. and i cut his fingernails. and um actually i think that's the end. of the story that was the worst. story that anyone i was going. to say you have ever. told but nobody could tell a worse. story yeah but how fast fascinating. was it that i told that for no. reason and and and if you really think about it. i i i'm i'm i'm i'm showing you. something and and it was very quick. the story so it's okay but like fascinating. that i told that oh yeah. okay i'm glad uh you think so yeah it's bad it. was a bad story and fascinating. that i just fired it out. there really wow okay all right. well let's do another one. then okay hey guys i my lunch. break right now for work. i'm my teacher's assistant um that. has nothing to. do with my question so any who what i've been thinking. about lately and it like comes. and goes but it's like it's back. so i'm like let me see what. they think about this i noticed that. like i really take on other people's like identities. mannerisms or like little quirks um with that. being said like i feel confident. in who i am and i i feel like i'm being myself. but i do notice that i'll like say. something the same way. like one of my friends. says it or like this. phrase that someone i know. honestly it even happens. like listening to. you guys like i'll start. picking up on little like tones that. you do or whatever. and then it's like am i still being myself. like is that normal like to. kind of like i almost feel like like my friends. and like people i watch or like spend time. with like all become like a little like part. of me but then like am i still me. mhm sad deeper. but like do you know what i mean. oh yeah i think that might be my very favorite submission. ever on the show what that. that is such a good specific. thing that i think plagues people of a certain kind of mindset. that people don't often put out in the world. because they think even uttering it. is some kind of admission that. they're something negative so. you like that it's vulnerable a little. bit it is but i what i love. most about is that she's not. not in the way she's asking. it she clearly understands that. it's not doesn't it's nothing. negative about her whether it. does make her less herself. quotequote or not uh no but i feel strongly about this. because all of my and i'm sure yours. too uh life people that i've been close. to t tend. to to one degree. or another sometimes an insane. amount sometimes just very. little and subtle take. on either like the way. i talk or certain things. that i sayir uh and a handful of times. it's happened the other way. around i meet someone that is like so sort of like their their presence. is so i don't know like vibrant that. i take on some of their qualities but none of this. has anything to do with who you are. all we are in general. is an amalgamation of the things. that we've come across that have. stuck with us and we've taken in like you're not. less you just because you were raised. by your parents whoever they are and they instilled the values in you that they decided to. instill in you that just that that's that. all that is is who you are. it doesn't mean that you're just some like carbon copy of them. or some soldier of theirs. like all we are are the things. we pick up along the way. before we die honestly. that never happened. to me i don't ever get influenced by anything. period m i never do not for nothing. but h and you're talking. like that because oh i watched. this that um last night the the sopranos. prequel was on wow that. thing is bad by the way. is it yeah what the [ __ ] many say in new york. i don't know did you really. watch it no okay no all for the joke. huh yeah you know what i mean. not for nothing the whole. nine it was on but didn't watch it. the whole nine nothing nothing but uh what do you think uh yeah i mean dude. like do you think less. of someone no no if you look. at if you look at larry. david's comedy it's a little bit. like seinfeld's comedy and it's because they've been friends. for years you know and it's just how it happens. but so even original you know. people who are deemed. as like original people do it. you know um yeah i i you know. look i a lot of people come. to my shows they talk like me they they at the meet and greet. they'll do the you know or like us. or whatever we do the and and then and then we got a lot. of what we got from. our you know dad. and uncle vinnie and uncle richard. and and our mommy and and napoleon. and so um and our mommy and napoleon. yeah our mommy and napoleon. um yeah but i say them. because they're they're they're guys but okay. you know what i mean. like you if you're a guy you mostly model. yourself after guys no i just mean. i think she's talking about unintentional things. you pick up not modeling. on purpose it's like yeah. yeah no i i i i listen. i stand i just not. for nothing i think it's mostly if you're a guy. you know it happens when you when you're hanging around. guys right and if you're a woman. you're hanging around woman's you. hanging around with people with with balls. between their legs exactly ex. when woman you don't hang out. with people with bols but bols. it's the most italian american. thing add a tea. after the two l's and before the s bolts. bolts my bolts were sagged. so heavy hey you're breaking my bolts. yeah um but not for nothing. yeah line anyway i just really like that. that i also like her she had a she definitely cool. um but the answer is no you're not. less you just because you start talking like people that you're around. sometimes also sometimes it's like sometimes. you're like oh i like the way. that person does that it's better. than the way i do it. why would you not just do. it you're not like copying them. you're taking what's available and just improving yourself. thank you but um yeah but be ridge though. you know what what be ridge be ridge no. dude that's bad advice. be original it puts pressure. on people that have to. be original dud i'm joking okay. okay man well how am i supposed. to know all right dude. having a playdoh under his nails. all right next one such a crazy. person so dark hey chris hey matt question. for you so sometimes when my wife. and i she's the one. laughing over there um are about to. watch tv we have a little snack. and it's fine you have a little snack. when you watch tv so mad. but the snacks that my wife chooses to. eat are the loudest s. and not only that but when she goes to. open the snacks she waits until right. when we start the show ice cream. sandwich and she'll rit till wait. till uh right where she starts. it and then she'll open it. with a crinkly crinkle crinkle. rapper or she'll have popcorn. crinkle crinkle in the metal bucket. for things or she'll have a large. bag of chips which a crinkle. crinkle crinkle bag that's always the loudest. things to eat when i'm trying. we're trying to watch the show. and you're trying to. hear the dialogue and you can't. cuz crunch or crinkle. this guy's great so what do. you think should there be certain snacks. that are not allowed when you're watching shows. together or am i just the [ __ ] he well for one thing you are flaming hot. furious when he took that video he was so un. he obviously took it when it's happening. exactly yeah yeah uh it's i i dude. i was watching a a show. the other day and jerica came in and was like what. do you watching and i said it. whatever i don't remember what. it was nothing nothing but and uh she was standing there. for a little bit she had a bag. of like whatever the most crinkly bag. is like for like it was for like rice. cakes or something and she and we're watching and and she starts. rolling up the b like like she's done. with it like oh well that's a crazy. i realize it's happening. and i'm watching i'm like surely. this wraps up so soon. because she knows what's happening. dude it kept it kept happening. she doing it so slow. that i like a movie because i wanted. it to be like a movie since it. was being so dramatic i go. like this while it's happen. it's still happening and i look at her. and she goes like this. and then she goes like this. and i'm looking at her. and i'm like she must feel me. looking at her and she goes. like this oh wow. that's it was a movie dude. that's why dude was it. movie what was it just mindless she wasn't thinking. about it yeah yeah of course she she knew. she was like oh my god what am. i doing right right but it was so funny. the way it happened but um yeah dude. i mean women tend to. talk only when you're watching movies. when the dialogue is being spoken. now that is true. what i was going. to say about the first part. about the crinkly bag and the loud. crunch yeah sorry everybody i do that right i hate that i do it but i do it and when i'm about to. do it i do the thing and i make the loud what. do you mean what there's only literally only one. thing we're talking about you do it. so quickly though right. no i'm saying i [ __ ] it up and i do it and here's the thing i do i say to. myself i say this is going. to be loud but i don't give a [ __ ] oh you know i think i go like this i'm like say i'm gonna open a bag. he says something she says something he says something she says something she says something they do. an action right i try to. do that yeah i do i do i do but the the next one. that you said what did. you say they talk right. when the guy's going to. talk the character yeah i never do. that i dude i i i i say to. kristen like there'll be a whole scene. it's crazy it's crazy of like an airplane. flying an exterior shot of an airplane flying. talk all you want and and another airplane is. chasing it that's the scene. and it's like a minute. and a half and then just then it'll then it will. cut inside the airplane. and it'll be like we're rolling over. to and and chris is like do you know. when like yeah right yeah and i'm like talk when they're the [ __ ] outside of the airplane. it's insane dude that's wild. that that that is just yeah. wow but yeah i dated i dated someone once she was so bad. at that that it made watching anything. with her like a fraught experience cuz i would be thinking well. she's going to talk. when this guy opens his mouth and she just [ __ ] would and i even talked to. about i was like listen. why do you why don't you. and then you sound like such a dick's why. don't you talk between when other people. are like when the characters are talking y and then when you say and this is an eye. roll and you're like oh god you're so this. and i'm like okay well maybe i am. but still answer the question. i have a question. is what do you think what would you. call this what would you. call doing this what would you. call it is um would you say here. here's here's the here's my question. would you count that as an eye. roll oh that's a good question. yep i think it is a good. question i don't think i would but if someone did i wouldn't. be like no no no. no no i i would understand. what they meant i call them. out so so so okay so so this is an eye. roll right i would call it a sigh so okay so this is an eye roll. right yeah who does that. nobody right nobody actually goes like this. i do that i no i don't do that. but i'll i'll like behind someone's backa. okay let me think let me. think of it yeah okay. yeah right so so who do so okay. so this is not an eye. roll because kristen does that and i say don't roll your eyes. and she says i'm not rolling my eyes. she's getting you on a technicality. it's not fair it's not fair. right but she's right. but it's not fair right. but it's not fair you know. what i'm saying of course yeah. oh [ __ ] yeah i got out. of that one didn't wasn't in any. anything at all i was in one. and i got out of it. was uh houdini uh wait but just call it. a sigh then you won't have to. deal with you have to. sigh follow yeah okay yeah but then she'll be like i can sigh when i want it's not it. doesn't sound negative she can. also ey roll when she wants but it's like a sigh at someone is is ex. you're communicating displeasure what they've done. don't communicate displeasure that say that. don't don't be exasperated what's the are you. so exasperated communicate why do you have to. express exasperation why do you have to. express exasperation duplicating you're what did i say why. are you expressing exasperation. that's really good thank you. okay got out of that. one next one yeah yeah yeah matt coming you from oklahoma. live [ __ ] r anyways. i'll get right to. it i'm a valet. attendant work for this [ __ ] guy i didn't even see i didn't see cuz i was doing it dancing. he had a reason to. have his arm up. matt sup chris this. is kelton coming to. you from okahoma li [ __ ] rs. anyways i'll get right to. it i a valet. attendant works for a casino get in the bag. anyways we have to. ask these guests or customers what. their last name and phone. number is before we can. even valor their car now. some people are regulars and they already know what's up. they will already come out. of their car davis d a v i s before. i even say what's up. hey how we doing and then right. after they get done. spelling the name there comes. the number yeah so what's a good. spin move i can do. to get them to. shut the [ __ ] up hold it. i got this i work here let me. know and also a tall. 5 s oh good for you. oh wow so short so he wants. to so he want i think he skipped a part. when he's really what he's really saying when people are like why. do you need that no i think he's saying okay. yeah maybe i'm wrong. well well what he said was. he when people step. out when regulars step out they say hey davis this is my number and he's like hold up i work here i'll that's what he said right. oh but which i don't chim man. i think he's saying i don't know what he's saying. i think he's saying for the regulars they're saying the names. but he he wants them. to know that he he know. knows yes that's what i thought that's what. i thought that's what i thought. but good job but that's not even a thing. to ask us just be like yeah. thanks but i got it. right i i number is so you can get a text. for the number is fine. i don't care about giving last name. yeah home address basically. yeah a social security. number home address penis. size penis size whoa. for me it'd be whoa. we don't have that we need more. paper whoa because they you have to. cuz it's cuz you got to. do 0000000000 it starts with a number. and then there's so many zeros oh not 01 that. was a really good slam. oh thanks but it's not [laughter]. true hell yeah dude nice i knew. anthony laughed but i didn't hear. it when you were laughing. because it was loud. so that's good that counts. as two points has such a that's such a crush on. anthony the the amount you check how if he laughs or not is. crazy he's the only one. i can't see his mouth. i i know every a crush on anthony. wants to i'. love to see his mouth. dude no because everyone else i can see. their mouth i know when you're laughing. i know when mar's laughing. i can't see when anthony's laughing cuz i can't. see his mouth and then you know you know tasting. ice cream so um all right. we'll do another one. i guess won't we yeah. so british s fly walking. home and you're in thank you. from cont pause pause what. list are any of the i genuinely didn't get one. it's like i'm list a farest. wh literally did not catch one one. of those words that was that. was fascinating it was impressive. yeah this what he sh. love started over that was unbelievable. let's see how much we can get let's try. it for for real s fly. walking home and you're in thank you. thank you kto okay. editor in what's an editor no no no then he didn't say. the first thing i i i i didn't understand. me neither but then he said walking. home he said su calling us something sup. sup floody pads walking. home editor in cto what what did. she say start over again. start over we got to. keep going until we get it. s fl fly walking. home and you're in thank you. for contact thank you for cont. okay thank you contact why did. he say that i don't know. why did he say we talking about. uh smelling your own chm. oh my god oh my god curious. do you ever taste. your in jism [music]. because close the what bro. and i i really want to. like i i really want to. do it in front of the girl. because like they're super exposed to. it and i uh think it's gross. but i want us to. be together in the expence do you uh do you ever. um do you ever do that. what do you think supposed. to just be a girl thing. is it supposed nobody. them th what's up. bro your voice is so interesting. is he swallowing his tongue. i don't understand he's okay. this is what i thought he said when you ejaculate he wants. to taste it with his girl. i is that what he's saying. i'll be i'm sorry. but is that the thing he's saying. i'll be honest i really really don't know what he said. okay let's let's let's let's i i don't want. to watch it again. i think it's worth. it i think people at home. will be like too like oh wait. i want to. hear it again like i don't know. go go ahead so i think the first part. what he's saying yeah. he's saying i'm walking at home. and he points to. like his earbuds he's like he's like and they in thanks. for the content or something thanks for the content. thanking us for the content. thanks for the content. okay okay that makes more sense. okay okay all right let's try. again s fly walking home. and you're in thank you. for coming to wow we talking about. uh smelling your own chm. just so drunk curious do you ever. taste your in because first of all no. clo by hardar hol so drunk and dude i think he's gonna i really want to. like i i really want to. do it in front of the girl. because like they're super exposed to. it and i uh think it's gross. but i want hus to. be together in the experience who do you uh do you ever. um do you ever do that. or you sayed to. just be a girl why. is he he supposed. to be a nobody nobody dude. why is he hiking drunk. what is a nobody theme. like he's saying phrases that are he's like he's an alien this. guy's an alien dude he's so close. to getting phrases and terms right. but he's just not getting them. right okay over and over this is unbelievable. the point that we don't even understand. he he's just so drunk. hiking and he's is it. a nobody uh i really think it's gross. but i want to. expose it uh i want. to do with her want. us to be together. us to be together. but dude he his he wants to. kiss her with his se se on. his that's what he's saying. he is yeah wow i didn't hear. any of that honestly yeah dude. i'm having a real talking about moving. he's talking about jizm. and tasting it that's all i got though. like what are you talking. about i want to. do it together what the hell are. you talking you try to. think about a drunk. guy but like i think he's saying like is it. a nobody thing like i think what he means. is should i just not do. that what whatever you're don't. do that well well i mean. unless she wants to. do it and he wants to. do it but he said he thinks it's gross. what's sounds like he wants. to do make a girl do something gross. and no or do something. gross in front of her. so that she can be like ew. gross none of those things maybe that. or sounds like the girl. wants to do something. and he thinks it's gross. i might do it anyway. yeah well yeah i mean you can't. this guy is just like the what okay. so you guess good well. so i i think what he said. was uh he wants i think what he's saying. is that he wants his girl. to feel comfortable with swallowing his jizz. and so he wants to. do it with her to. make her feel comfortable oh okay. well we got a real translator over. here that is what if you look. and chris was so drunk. and that's how said a bunch of bottles. around him um and i think that's what he's saying. so here's the thing no. the whole thing is just is just a massive. no i tell you i tell you don't think. about this right yeah. mhm it's so weird. to be drunk with a backpack. on if you think about it. it's so it's so crazy. everything he's doing in this video. the the first thing he says is su bl take it. over stop the video right. then and start it again. dude you start a video was saying sup. flur flur like dude begin again. it's it's like he has no selfconscious. i respect that part he's just like didn't. think at all about how he might have come across and just [ __ ] shot it. off right away to. do that about this inquiry. is hilarious you know like he was in such a hurry. to get this question into. the show he couldn't take another take really interesting. this gu's despite not understanding a [ __ ] word he said i really do find this guy extremely interesting mhm cuz how can you give a whole. submission where i understand. 8% of the words yeah. and you're and you're speaking. english yeah um you know i don't know no it's just it's just i for such a terrible. submission i it was really fascinating. fascinating fellow that just on its face. technically it was a bad submission. right but boy did we have fun. we had a lot of fun. okay so really that's all that. matters so thank you so thanks for that one yeah thanks no next one hey matt hey chris love you both my question is about how to. not turn into the. brown old lady because that's what's happening. yeah i've always been a critical person. but it always sort of balanced out. with you know humor and just being dumb. sometimes or outgoing it. always just sort of worked. out mhm and it was cute. when i was younger. but i'm getting older now i'm 30. and i think it's starting. to not get cute. when everyone like has a fun. experience and i'm the one that's like oh god. that lineup or i don't. know oh the traffic was horrible. or oh god waiting in the airport like if i was the one. who had gone to. stage coach and had to. stand for 5 hours oh my back. would have been wrecked a back. would have been wrecked and i'd have been the one. in the car who's just like let's get to. the hotel i would have yelled. at my wife too if she had given me. wrong instructions i would have yelled. at her too uh anyways. how do i not turn into. a cppy old person except gu well she's right. i would say actually probably 30. is like the cut off. of it's not cute. anymore and not that you're an old person. oh sure but like once you start. complaining over 30 it's like dude. shut up you know. deal with life better yeah. you know so i would i would agree. with her that she's entering. that territory but i would also say the fact. that she's even become aware of. it oh yeah waye a lot. is so such a good sign. in terms of your outlook of not. remaining some grump or becoming some grumpy. old person yeah like grumpy. old people never have the thought you know should i stop being so crabby and and like shitty. to everybody around me they never think. that they're just i'm [ __ ] everybody i'm the way. i am and that's it. you know yeah i think that i i i am. like that a lot sometimes. you know and um i know i'm like that. sometimes times and it's like uh yeah i'm like that. i hate it about. myself yeah but so it's like but we keep doing it. well that's kind of what like hating. yourself is it's like you are. and the older you get the wiser. you get the better you. are about realizing what's wrong with it. and yet you still do. it it's like people are ways. and it's hard to. change those ways because it's like saying. like it's like being mad you have like two arms like sure. be mad about it but like you have two arms you're not going. to get a third one. you cut one off yeah. then you'd have one just saying if you're mad for two. you one you know but yeah i get it. you shouldn't cut your arms off. but no you shouldn't yeah. um but yeah it's it's i think the best. you can do is to. be aware of it so. that just make sure you don't get excessive. about it because i'm sure your friends. who are already your friends. love you not despite that. but like they love that. side of you as well. just don't let it get too. much because then it's like it'll there'll. be a tipping point. and everyone will be like i'm so sick. of her [ __ ] she never stops complaining at least have a sense of humor about it. i think yeah sounds like she actually. does but it does yeah. like i like here's the thing. man you probably were you did you know. about the whole thing where when christian gave. us the wrong directions. and i yelled at her was i told so at stage. coach so my whole thing is like i want. to be like what the [ __ ] you put the wrong place. in and have her be like oh mhm [ __ ] you playing along. or just yeah and like well shut up yeah. [ __ ] up so what giv. you're [ __ ] big head you know yeah but she just goes like this. yeah yeah so i'm like oh [ __ ] dude i can't even have fun. with it i can't even get mad. i can't get mad i can't. have fun with it you know. and it's like so i so it sounds. like if if it's really bothering the people. you're with that's one thing. right it doesn't sound like it. is but it but but if they're able. to roll with it and have a sense of humor. about it then i don't think it. matters as much right. but i do get the feeling of like wait. am i just a [ __ ] grump i. don't want to. be like that whether people accept. it or not right so but yeah i do think awareness of it. is the only thing that can really. help you because in situations. when you're doing it. it can get you to. not overdo it and overdoing that kind of thing. is when it just isn't fun. for anybody uh even if you are sort of like being playful. people get sick of that. [ __ ] you know uh but yeah your awareness will help you do it sparingly and i think that'll that's all you really need uh you do it in a way where it seems like you can't not say the thing that's bothering you yeah. i wonder if it's like an imp. comp i wonder if i'm like you know i i used to. think it was in my ocd. but now i just wonder if like i'm a little bit on. the spectrum or something. oh i have no idea about that. but what makes i don't know. because because because they say that. like i have a very uh uh strong. desire to. not be misunderstood and that's a big. indicator of either autism or something. oh really yeah like i will like if kristen or somebody. is talking about something that happened. and they get something wrong. about it i'll be like no no. that's not what happened. this happen you are like that. dude yeah and then you're like well yeah but it doesn't matter. the guy's still drowned right. yeah i'm like yeah but nobody said that. part yeah yeah you are like that. it sucks yeah and i don't and i and and i i don't even think it. sucks that's how [ __ ] up i am. well you while you're doing it. you mean yeah i'm like yeah. but this why are we not telling each other. what actually happened though and then furthermore sometimes i'm wrong. about what happened so like i'm like wrong. about it and also trying. to be like that's rare. but like because usually you know. what happened but sure but like so that. makes people crazy yeah it does yeah. it makes people think like they're being policed i think is the issue. yeah and i don't like don't say. it like that say it. like this i don't want that. well then stop stop it's like it seems necessary. to me no it's not. i know frankly it's not you. know what i mean but i have people in my life. like you that would be like who gives a [ __ ] shut the [ __ ] up and then i go i like that right. yeah yeah yeah but you can't. do that with kristen you know. obviously sure she's more sensitive it makes sense. oh yeah she's a female. you know uhh okay ah she is. next one hey chris hey matt. thank you guys for everything. that you do i do have a question. for you guys so i do a lot. of different things i am an actress a musician and i just founded. a nonprofit offering like yoga breath. work and sound and everyone always tells me that i need to. choose only one thing that i do but the thing. is is that i'm passionate about. and i love a lot. of things so i don't want to. just choose one or the other. so my question to. you guys is that do i need to. choose one thing or can i do. multiple things and be happy. or am i going. to continue to. feel just kind of burn. out and spread thin if i don't just pick one thing so i would love to. hear your thoughts on this. guys i'm curious if you guys think it's just a social construct. that you have to. choose one thing or if you do think that you kind of need to. pick one path but anyway guys. thank you guys so much. looking forward to. hearing your response than i. don't necessarily think it's a social construct. in the sense that what i think is that. that is more of like an oldfashioned. way of thinking about the profession. we choose the our occupation. in life now it's a bit harder. to just choose. one thing and stick with it. what if it's going really. slow she said she's an actor like what. if she chose acting she would have so much free time. while trying to build her. career that she should be doing other things like founding a nonprofit or whatever and like it makes more. sense now i think than ever. to put sort of irons in various fires to. try to get several things. going at once i don't but also there's like you you said. you like doing that stuff. which is all that really matters. and then you said am i going. to burn out do i feel like i'm spread. too thin so it's like you either. like it or or you. feel like you're spread too. thin and and it sounds like you're responding. to your friends that are saying. you're going to be spread. too thin and if you are then that doesn't matter because if you don't feel that. way don't worry about feeling. that way you like what. you're doing so just do it. dude if you were having fun in life. and doing the thing you things. you want to. do and not hurting anyone then do that. yeah yeah i don't know. i don't i don't know if i'm that. familiar with the kind of sentiment where people people. are like you know you got to. you got to stop doing three. or four things you ch. like jack jack of all. trades master none master none you. know but like i and i understand. it's just like if you're having fun. who who cares you sounds. like you're doing all like cool. things also though it's a good way. if you don't know exactly how you want. to spend your entire life. it's a good way to. figure it out by sort of trying. all of them at various speeds wherever. you can i think it's i actually think it's a good. thing to do more. than one thing it's seeing a what works. how you can make a living but b what you like. or what you can. tolerate you know what i mean. like it it totally makes sense. also yes you do look. quite young i don't think you're in any kind of hurry. to settle into one. position necessarily right right although that. dog looks kind of high maintenance. you might need to. earn a whole lot of money. to make that life. go yeah i don't know if uh yeah [ __ ] him i feel like she knows the answer. m you think so why do you think that why. would you do anything but what you. want to do especially in this. but it makes sense to. be like should i pick one. thing people in my life. are telling me i need to. pick one thing but i love all. these things the only reason. why you need to. pick one thing is if there's one thing you want to. pick and that you like it more that's it. i'm the man for thinking that. fair and telling her that. fair enough all right well should we get squeak. one more in before. we run [ __ ] hey what's up. matt and chris so i was watching old lifeline. episodes the other day. and there's an episode where matt. talks about how the lead singer. from counting crows. tried to [ __ ] his girlfriend and then you guys. just sort of moved past that. um if that's a true. story i would love to. hear that story and the details. of it just a timeline. like was he the counting. crow guy at the time. um and yeah just how you dealt with it. or what happened exactly. um do you boycott the counting. crows to this day. or did you for a period. of time should i boycott the counting. crows you i'm a huge 90s. music fan but i'm a matt. deia fan first boy boy boy boy yeah yeah so let me know what you think and then part two to. this question is how do you guys. deal with jealousy in general. you um we've all as guys. been left for someone who is uh sort of a better. version of us or you know. had something to. offer that we didn't or just was totally different. not me um so yeah. let me know what you think. not me um yeah i can tell that. story me um i i'm it's a really long story let me try. to think of the shortest possible. version is it as long. is long december one. more night in hollywood. gave up on the last. part when he does it. god i hate the [ __ ] cting. crows the funny part about because of that no the funny. part is that when we met. there was her favorite band. okay and and i hated them. oh you did already yeah. dude and there was one night back when i used to. drink this is forever. ago she put a couny crow cd. in her car and we were in the middle. of a fight she was playing. it and i hit eject took. the disc and threw it. out the window okay. this is before any of this. happened which is [ __ ] hilarious. oh really yes uh so uh someone we both know. very well mutually was working with the couny crows. i think maybe just adam his name's adam. duretz uh and she he invited her. to set the day. the county crows were going to. be there because he knew she was a big. cting crows fan and i was there. when she did it it. was all above board he wasn't like hey. don't tell me it. was like totally fine he. didn't have any reason to. suspect it would bother. me but i was like seething. on the inside i was. like of all [ __ ] things to. have happen she's going to. go [ __ ] couldn't it be puddle of mud couldn't it just be the offspring. you know know what i mean. uh and so obviously speaking. of jealousy i'm not like a jealous. guy so i was like what the [ __ ] you going to. me go meet the people in your favorite band. have fun like i'll see you afterwards. you know so she goes and she's like comes back. and she's like oh my god they were all. so nice no [ __ ] uh they all were like wanted to. hang out no [ __ ] you're [ __ ] hot girl and they're [ __ ] the counting crows. you know what i mean. anytime they see a hot girl they're like oh i'm going. to [ __ ] [ __ ] this girl da d da and she's like well they were really cool like they seemed like they just wanted and wants to. [ __ ] you okay so but whatever still even i'm like i trust her like if she wants to. [ __ ] go hang out with adam [ __ ] dirs what is she going to. do cheat on me. then then guess what i break up. with her yep so uh she a couple times first time. she went she was like she it. wasn't that she wasn't telling me the [ __ ] details but she was just like trying to. hide the fact that it was it was just so obvious. but i think she was trying. to not believe it herself. yeah yeah yeah i believe that. and i was like listen. i'm not going to. say her name but i was like do you you have to. understand you have to. understand he wants to. [ __ ] you do you how do you not know this i'm not saying you aren't the kind of person. that someone could respect or would. respect that's the thing they think like what. it's just about that like no. but you got tits too see. i'm not even saying that. at this guy doesn't respect you. in fact i'm sure he does respect. you yep yep but also it just so happens. you got t see you he wants. to super smash brothers. and guess what i can't blame him. you're my girlfriend i love you. and think you're beautiful of course i understand. why he would want to. do that right right it's so like there's no problem. here even we're dealing with. a tit situation that's really. throwing him a wrench into. the br so then i lived in this. is this is the part. that gets long boring. confusing i'll condense it long. december i lived in new york. she lived in la was a longdistance. relationship she's from new york. i'm from la so when we would both. visit home we'd switch coasts. oh wow so there was a po. point where i was in la she was. in new york and she was like adam's throwing this. halloween party i'm going to. go and i was like i feel a little bit weird. yeah i would too you can i like obviously. it's adam durr's halloween party. i can think of a number of my friends. who would want to. go she's friends with my friends. will you go with one. of my friends one of them. he does go oh that's a whole. story unto itself i'm not going to. get into turns into. its own cluster [ __ ] of a [ __ ] story really but she goes with her sister and my friend okay and that night he physic. i'm not saying he did anything. wrong he did not at all. but when a guy likes a girl. i don't know if anybody knows this. they do things to. try to maybe kiss them. or get close to. them or you know advance. the situ position right. right right uh which he does and she's like e. no you're adam durs if. anybody knows what adam durs. looks like hey great. guy talented musician but he's wild. high take a look. you're kidding right no. okay yeah i mean yes dude i don't even. know what he looks like obviously. though he's daed beautiful women why he's in the kind of crow. because he sings. like that [ __ ] uh anyway yeah po pick yeah. uh and um um that's that's what happened. and all i did i didn't get mad. at her she told me. everything i wasn't upset. and i was like told you i flarin. told you so dude. come on with the sideshow. bob no that's so that's eric. griffin and the that one. looks so much like eric. what the [ __ ] that is weird. dude everything is so weird. adam looks like look at that. one with the bow tie hold. on look like potato. you put the hair on you put the glasses on you put the goatee on wao. dude wild right only in the '90s really. look at him now though wow what is um the is he is that dreads. are those dreads those are dreads is he black i don't think so i think he's jewish. whoa not that you can't. be jewish and black but i oh the one. with the money bag on. it go left left left no. no the money bag. the money bag shirt. pink in the gold bag. of money oh is that. real of course that's his beard. thing that's something on his chin. that looks like a beard so i'm guessing. it's a beard yeah he dated jennifer andon wild. yeah i mean he's been with like some of the most famous. most beautiful women back. go to the upper left. one i mean you know he kind of a little better. he kind of looks like colin farell. there but just like you know. not as hot as colin farell. ob he's not he's not there. there there he's totally fine. that's fine that's fine that's fine. that's not he can't be having that. kind of hair can you even do that. guy from in sync here what. yeah little bit the back. backup guy for insync. yeah his name uh chris. kpatrick yeah knows it damn. well loves it how know it. damn well yeah anyway how do you deal. with jealousy i don't know what happened to. me but at some point. in my early 20s i just completely stopped being jealous. in every possible way i and before. that it's not that i was jealous. i just would get really insecure. and like get kind of um like panic. about other guys in my girlfriend. but i don't know my my thinking. was always if she likes another guy. better than me then she should be. with that other person yeah same. and if that's going to. happen i'd rather her break up. with me first but you know. there's nothing you can. do jealousies i just it didn't seem to. have any utility to. me and not that i only feel things. that are necessary that's ridiculous. but like i just stopped i it. stops serving me in a very obvious. way and i just sto. feeling it it's hard. to explain okay. and also jealousy makes things worse. always when you express that jealousy. yeah and it's you just say. [ __ ] you don't mean mh it's yeah it's no good well oh oh oh there's a little girl in here why why did you say that that sneeze. sounded so much like a little girl snee who was that funny that was moo that was oh. my god dude w i didn't hear. that as w wow wow call. me out so it sounds like a a grown up man but okay uh um all right well there you go i'm going to. be in australia get your australian tickets. chia dot com and tomorrow. actually monday i'm announcing uh new dates. so go and check out. my website to. check out what the dates i'm announcing. are nice go subscribe. to the private record thank you oh and of course the most duh. ever get the lifeline lifeline live show. is now up for your viewing. pleasures at patreon dot com. / lifeline luxury. get in there got 30. plus episodes and now the lifeline. live episode that i once again. will repeat it is the best. episode of lifeline in the history of lifeline. yes it is hello. wow okay yes okay all right. chris bot hell hell. hello hello hello hello hello 