 [music] runk hello. hello hello h don't wanna not. going to be such a little brother. nope and welcome to. your favorite show in the whole wide. world it is lifeline episode number 130. it is sunday october 6th. happy october the it's it's great. oh hates it hates it. so i have a big announcement. to make i forgot my. oakley's at home i'm pissed. uh but i dropped the whole. new outfit thing with the oakley. and the big baggy white. tshirts so now forgive me. well for now cuz i forgot them. at home so i got to. mix it up i got the green. going i got the green. hat i got the green. socks i got the green. crocs okay i got a wayer on baby. is that a song yeah it's don henley. sings it dude okay okay when did you get those glasses. i got these glasses just recently. they are classic original rayb. band wf farers and they fold like and they go. a little something like this. oh i hate that we love. it why do they do that. so that you can get miniature. so so you get your fingerprints. all over them no so you can get your uh fit them. in your butthole when you forget. your case at home okay. you know the great thing. about this is if you forget. your face you forget your case. you can just put it in your butthole. the guy fold them. up don henley song. stick them right in your butthole. definitely getting and keep them. right up in there you get crap. all over i'll tell now. nobody knows what song you're singing. right now the boys. of summer okay yeah you like that. song i like the way you're singing. it is just not the way. it is i i sing it. well all right and he sings. it well okay okay i'm going. to be in bismar. i think and toronto. and birmingham alabama montgomery. mobile uh oh toronto. oh yeah bismark sou fall. oh and then we have our lifeline. go to chris dot com. we have our lifeline live show. in oxar california december 5th. go get tickets before it sells out. um and that is shown. on our patreons patreon. dot com luxury if you're not signed. up for that do that. asap you want to. get in there we got a whole bunch. i think we got almost 40. ups up by now and of course we put the live episodes. up on there exclusively. people said that i do uh this. what did they say i do. when i in the comments. you said you like have a specific. way of clearing your throat. there you go that's it. yep but i've talked about it. here but people don't like it. and we like to. give the people what they want like i like it. the least yeah well it's it's cuz here's why. it's always after i eat and we always eat first. stop eating stop eating food in in life. yeah but no i want to. eat food and we we record. at the time that's like right. after lunch so i have to. eat food right before. yeah i get it i i'm not i don't. even really care you. know i think i might need um what. do you call it um uh acid. reflux pr prolac or. whatever the hell they call. oh that's like a drug yeah. i don't know i just it's just like it. keeps it's i thought it. was coffee it's not coffee. it's food anytime i eat what. i'm allergic to. or whatever it is you. know maybe it's just but i need something. and over the counter thing. and on that note. i want to. have a hairstyle where i slick. my hair back what do we think about that. well that's fine yeah i i it. needs to be a little shorter. in the back for me. to do like this right. yeah yeah yeah yeah so let's do that. i'll be doing that and you'll be seeing me. very soon like that well. you you all you had to. do is like cut off. a little bit of the side. there because you you well the thing when you cut your hair. you literally just cut it. like this i well i i've often mess up. i makes so uneven you had to. it takes a little bit that's i so what. do i do just cut right. there okay uh but it's good. uh i i i wanted i've always wanted a slick. back haircut but my my [ __ ] my my thing never ever your hair's. too wavy it comes. forward and waves you got like a your hair does. what it wants cool. thing mine is more malleable your hair. is just going to. do what it does baby. my hair's just going. to do what it does. baby my my hair is like me. dude it does what it. wants right nice so yeah. um you know i i'll try not to. do the thing but also i got to. be me so be you dude. no one i mean whatever. i'm just saying you know. i don't even know why. i brought it up. honestly oh cuz you did it. is why i did it. because you know why. cuz i just ate and there and we talked about it. before and you already know. and that's okay i don't you do. i i always listen when you talk. i i truly have the worst. memory in the world though. but i just don't care. no i care i mean. i ask about it. if i ask about it. i care you have a bad. memory i have a bad memory too i have the worst. my shortterm memory it's like. a thing didn't happen. there's like a whole in my memory. where if it's within the if it's if it happened. within 5 minutes it's gone. so how do how long do we have to. wait for you to. remember that i talked about that. well there's a zone if it takes too long. then it's totally gone but it's like between. 5 minutes and 5 months. i got a good shot. at remembering it like a 50% shot wow anything outside of the 5 minutes to. five months boundary it's almost. 0% chance i remember. it i wow butin i would like to. give people an update on my bag. because dude i talked about it. on congratulations i talked about it. on golden hour wow. it's like your show show ho. it's it's the it's the chris le multiverse. you know and um i got it. back i got my bag. back united gave me my bag. back after 3 days there was never any version of events. where you weren't going. to get your bag. they were trying to. get me to go. to the airport right. but they had it they didn't lose. it they delivered it. and they delivered it in the middle. of the night in the middle. of the night weird i'll drop your bags. off i was going. to do that but ton deen. without the which i hate which i hate. which i hate want to. know something i only did it. so you wouldn't do it. that's not a reason to. do things i did it. because i wanted to. make sure i did it. so you wouldn't do it. why would you deprive me. of that why why do something. why do something just to. deprive someone of their joy. why do that especially someone you purport to. love why do why do it. you bring joy to. it but also you it. brings joy to. you when i sing to. you no it doesn't cuz you do the vbr at the end. and and it it in the middle. of the night i go. walk in my sleep. that totally saps my joy. i don't know what happened. cuz i'm blackout i'm sleeping. sometimes i wake up in a different. area i think i beat the [ __ ] out of a homeless guy i got no idea it's all over the news. american psycho fully an american psycho version of. the song um okay so that's it. got to return vide tapes um so uh no wait what was i saying. oh yeah i got it. back they dude they they said it's probably going. to be delivered at a at we're putting we're doing a run. at 10:30 at night okay. so it's going to. be delivered overnight. i was like what in the next. 68 hours so i showed up. in the morning i was like there's no way. it's going to. be in my doorstep it was. it was long behold it was oh wait they didn't even. knock on the door. or anything they just left d. i said going to. be sleeping don't call me. i was like you know i was like i live in a gated community. have a you better know. the code and they were like okay. i was like it's never going. to work out and sure lo and behold dude. lo and behold i don't want to. run rough shot over. your story are you are you done. yeah okay i can't. i cannot believe how often we joke. about this but within 10 minutes. of starting the showable every single time. anthony goes to. take a crap h. it's really weird it's crazy. i don't you know. what is going you know. what he's doing he's going. in there the first time. minut it's because that's when he realiz. his life hits him. he goes in there. and cries really hard. he's just like i can't. believe i'm doing this. life blood jo i don't want to. be doing it he goes. this and he looks in the mirror. and he goes come on man. yeah to get pumped. up to get and then and then he goes. come on and every time. he goes come on he goes. a little air fart comes out. and he goes all right. let's go back wow have you ever. done the come on thing. in the mirror to. yourself probably i've only done. it once you want to. know when it was okay. i was driving home from the i was oh yeah. dating i'll make it short. i'm was dating a girl. was early days in a relationship early days mate. why do you always what. is because it's a british. thing to say it's early. days it means that we just started hanging out okay well yeah it. was early days with this girl and i didn't want to. take a crapola out of her. place and she had go to. school it was she was in college. at usc and mom and dad. lived close enough by where i was like all. right i'm gonna not take a cp. all here i'm gonna take a c. at mom and dad's house. definitely should have grumped out of our abely. should have hey hey that's a message. for you you flush it and uh i know it's early. days but but i was getting closer. and closer to. their house taking too long. i was looking in the rearview mirror. and i was just talking to. myself like you you got you got you hold. hold i'm not going to. curse cuz in the first 10. minutes but i was like you hold. that you hold that [ __ ] in your butt. you hold that [ __ ] in your butt. so specific you know. and i didn't you you [ __ ] in i failed. i absolutely failed myself i think. about that all all the time. what that story yeah wa you know. why no cuz i talk about in my act now. my new act about about going. to the bathroom by mistake as an adult. and i always that image in my head. every time i talk about it. i have the image of you in the car. wow [ __ ] yourself if you want a more specific image i was kind of stand. you know when like you have to. lock your legs to. hold to really bear. down sometimes you know. i don't know i i wonder if that. actually helps no it was automatic i. wasn't like i'm straight i was like i'm tensing. up and i my legs. sorted straighten out so my butt. was off the seat and my elbow. was holding me up. and i was like you know like that i didn't can. i say something someone like this. what the [ __ ] yeah can i say something he said yeah go for it. yeah you have told this. story on here oh really. yes oh for sure yeah no i was just telling him. what it made i don't remember that. that's why i said i'll make it. short i don't want to. retell the whole thing oh i don't remember that. it's a wild tail though. and it is a crazy. yarn it is a crazy. yarn i spin it's a yarn you. spin anthony's still crying in the bathroom so all right uh uh all right so yeah i guess we could start let's do a um let's do a what do you call. it submiss yep what's up. guys this is a little for you. regarding old family photos so. basically i was looking for picture. like a photo of my grandpa. because i never met. him okay so having some kind of picture. of him photo of him. he kind yeah yeah yeah i get just so i know. what he looks like can. show explain people i guess. i get it my grandpa. was oh yeah and um so basically i was looking through. this old stuff hey we know and i found a picture and yeah. that's that's a picture i found so wow oh great. he edited the whole thing. cool he found um those pictures. my question is what does one. do with such an image just showed a picture. of his grandfather with a photo. how do you throw burnham. do you like throw it away. yeah but this history so wait. was that what kind of uniform. was he wear oh he's an ss. he was in he was a nazi. oh yeah how did i miss that. go back to that image please talking mean. can't it can you uh do. you just put it somewhere. safe yeah fire and just look at it. every now and then i mean why would you do that. hey did you put it in a photo. al i mean giving us so many how many options. you going to give us dude. do you put it on a plane. like what do you do. with do you put it in a you get bear. do you kill the bear keep up great. work put it in the bear after you cut it. i mean it's too much. all right let's see that. picture again that was nuts how did i miss the fact that it was a nazi. because you were talking there. it is oh my god also looks nothing. like him he didn't know. his grandfather was a nazi. and this is how he found imagine hey you guys. have any pictures of grandpa. uh yeah i might have someone in the attic. and they go look in the attic. you find one picture and it's he in a [ __ ] nazi. uniform this is why. he doesn't know much about. his you know this is why. he's 30 years old. or whatever and people are like he's like where is that. picture of grandpa never seen. they're like oh no there's no pictures. of uh there's actually no pictures. of grandpa i can look. for them no no no we they don't. have and looks them just like with a with. a such a stain on the family. that's so crazy yeah you know. what i was i was actually. just go ahead yeah no go ahead. i was going to. say to answer your question. i don't know if you just throw it. away just because of that it's a historical artifact at this point but that's the thing. you don't want to. have pictures of nazis in your house. though you don't want to. put it out but put it somewhere. hide it not hide it but put it somewhere. safe that is obviously not on view. but like at this point. it's family history the guy on your rearview mirror. in the car no but uh dude. is dead put it in a little locket. around your neck it remind. it reminds me of uh i cuz i'm watching this. dmer stuff a lot of dmer. stuff he has a brother dmer. has a brother that's just like alive. and like it would be insane. to be first of all. the last name dmer it's like it's like the last name. hitler at this point. yeah don't get me wrong. it's not but yeah right. so well no as recognizable though. not as i mean oh right. right right is recognizable as christ. at this point you and going. to hell so um and they both did. very good thing you know. going h little piece of trivia after immigrants. from germany and austria came from came to. america just real quick it's is. interesting they had hitler. was is a really common. name and they changed it. to hiller so that and miller. so it became a different. name you didn't [ __ ] know that dude and it's [ __ ] hor [ __ ] that you said you [ __ ] knew that go ahead uh big labowski so [ __ ] [ __ ] okay go ahead it it it i i did know that wasn't it like hi himler or something well himler was another name hiser hiser oh no that's what mr his no his is mr hiser no hiser is what um uh nostradamus said that that he said hiser and everyone thinks oh he meant hitler. and that he predicted it. i mean meant hitler. so different you know. no it was hiller. the name turned into. hiller okay you much there's people so drunk. dude's a lot his name. h what what what uh my name is hiller. rudolph hiller rudolph hiller. rudolph hiller dude hello. i am rudolph hiller. uh okay come on in h. what is going on we are in beverly hills. are there enemy here oh you know. are there the enemy. here go ahead what we going. to say though wanted to. get out of it. but didn't want to. out of the b being uh but what you were going. to say something i've been watching the dmer. thing hiller dude rudolph hiller. and so um yeah there's a brother. he has a brother named david. right david yeah david david d's. in a vacuum kind of a baller. name no the last name. dmer is cool i think but um but sad. i i mean he's old and like he had to. change his name obviously really. well yeah he changed his name. i mean i mean i mean it's again. it's not like having you know. what i mean well he didn't do. what dmer did i know. but to anthony's still [ __ ] that's crazy c he died. he died in there he literally dead. on the toilet we [ __ ] his pants down. everything yeah like there almost fl saddest. way to die. yeah yeah okay um also also like a plate. of cheese for some reason. eating it while he's sitting go. ahead so calling them calling them. unhealthy and gross and fat um so well that's it. that's it well yeah i was just thinking about like god. if your name was specific like that and of a serial killer the i mean. arguably the most famous serial killer in america. uh yeah probably you know. you i guess you have to. change your name right. i don't know though because it's it's it. i wonder how many people hear dber. and they're like oh my god are you related. to jeffrey dber like it's not. that crazy of a last name. really i don't i don't know. i'm saying i don't know but dmer i know. i think i would be like dmer have you. immediately yeah have you seen. those interviews with his dad. those ones ago heartbreaking dude. oh really that poor guy. is just like imagine i mean. what what dude your child does. that he's the one that discovered the thing. the head in a box. or whatever he is he has this crazy. story about how like he well he know he didn't actually discover but like he like i forget. that i'm going to. mess it up so [ __ ] it but there's something about like there was a box. on a table and he almost opened and jeffrey wasn't like no. no no no no he was like totally would have let his dad. open it and find it and later he found out. that it was a head. in a box it's just a head. in a box uh anthony. how was it oh you know. pride in there um. all right so yeah i i uh wasn't wasn't good. you got wasn't good. that's that's a wor you got to. have the um you got to. have the the the picture i guess. it's it's your family but don't be all like showing it. you know definitely don't show. it hey come here i got to. show you something throw to. just kneejerk throw it away. i think would be like a dumbass. well i mean history everything's over he's dead. the the nazis [ __ ] lost everyone hates all nazis nobody's. going to mistake. you for na uh you're you're fine. keep it it's the only picture you. have of your grandpa don't. [ __ ] throw it away just cuz he was a nazi or cut out only his face so you can't see the uniform. and then this tiny little. on a pendant there you go. there you go here here what's that. oh it's my grandpa he wasn't. a nazi oh it's just his face. no that's what you do. yeah all right next next. one is knowing what you want. being narrowminded smashed it when i think of this. question i think of sign. significant others and relationships i just want. to know what you guys. think of um also the reason. a lot of people are so close. to the camera when they're recording. is because after you take a video. and put it into. the google google drive to. submit it zooms in the video. there's a different orientation with the camera. on our phones and what you guys. i don't know are using for a submission. submission service or whatever shut. up all right thanks. guys shut up dude. uh it's actually shut the [ __ ] up. okay what was the question. no no why shut the [ __ ] up him does it. felt like it yeah yeah. yeah shut the [ __ ] up no no no he seems very cool. let me let me let me uh candy. cote this he let me let me gussy. it up first before i say. what i'm going to. say because it's it. sounds rude but it's not the guy's very goodlooking. okay yeah no that. guy's a handsome guy so which means he looks like a hammerhead. how he like that it's fair. game to talk [ __ ] about someone when they're that handsome always wow and he's handsome. and [ __ ] him his eyebrows were wild. you could literally lay you could. lay down on his eyebrows. so you could take a [ __ ] nap on his eyebrows poetry. pole p o p p l. e obviously there's no other way. to spell it yeah he's like poop. that's how the [ __ ] am i supposed. to know what this there there. there that's his hair the the the the the one. of them who cares. yeah that's him who cares. i give up um all right. pa i used to. [ __ ] love po same. dude i used to. you take him out you put him back. in you take him. out you put him back in you throw them up. you throw them down. you throw them to. your brother you throw them. to your sister you throw them. to your dad you throw them. to your mom you say. hey look at my po. she inclusive all right so all right so the the is is knowing what you want being narrowminded. i mean only if you didn't no the answer. look is technically yes i guess but it being narrowminded. i think asking it like that. assumes or presumes that being narrowminded. in all cases is bad. i also think it presumes that you haven't. considered other things knowing what. you want doesn't mean you haven't considered other. options it means it probably means. you have and are just like no. no no those aren't the things. i want this is the thing. i want now if he's talking about relationships. which he mentioned right. after when he said it. it you can be too narrowminded. if you're like i know what i want i want someone. who's i don't know driven over. five s that's not. good a certain age certain race. it's like shut the [ __ ] up dude. just meet who you meet fall. in love or don't you. love you love who you love. you fall in love love chooses. you dude you don't choose. love you meet somebody and go. whoopsie i fell in love. yes you go oh my gosh. yeah they're not my type but whoopsie i fell. in love because i hung around. them for too long and maybe we shouldn't be. together not too long but it's okay and you're trying to. kill me from the inside. out because deeper was agreeing. with you more than i've ever. agreed with you and then turned into. most s deeper and total. disagreement say i'm a man. and i know what i want and you're a woman. and it changes from day. to day and that's fine. but it's killing me. from the inside out. and so sneper i'm joking but look um yeah it's you're not no it's that doesn't inherently mean you're narrowminded. no it doesn't it can. but it doesn't mean. it can but it doesn't and about the other thing. you were saying shut the [ __ ] up a square is a rectangle. rectangle square square is rectangle rectang drun. you know what i'm saying a square is rectangle. rectangle square square is rectangle whatever the drunk. to repeat it and then also say whatever. about it afterwards. the second time why did you say. shut up about the other part. what was you cuz it was like you. know this is why this. is shut the [ __ ] up dude wow okay wow i don't want you to. tell me why a thing i [ __ ] ask oh jesus. and he's handsome [ __ ] him dude. i mean dude he's fine. you know it's it's he's you're all saying he can take it. he's handsome he can take. the [ __ ] me saying. shut the [ __ ] up look if he was ug if he was ugly. i wouldn't have been like shut the [ __ ] up. i would been like oh how interesting. and then later afterwards i would have been like hey chris see that. and that's that's not cool it. doesn't matter who it is. a hilarious joke i made i don't care. if you're goodlooking or not. goodlooking shut the [ __ ] up. yeah okay next hey chris second time. on the podcast first time. was the nose job episode. so maybe chris was drugged. up and does not remember loss. i need some advises um so sometimes. like out in the world guys. try to uh strike up. the conversation talk to. me somehow and i always think that're they're trying. to flirt so i'm always like super short. with them because i'm in a relationship. and i'm not interested. in talking to other guys. um so for example today like i'm staying in a hotel. i'm traveling for work and at the breakfast. this guy was starting to. talk about the pancakes. and then asking me if i stay here a lot. and i was like super short. him and [ __ ] and then afterwards like both after this interaction and just other interactions out in the world. i feel really bad cuz i'm like was i so rude. um was i too short. like um so what's a good balance. of like not being rude. but also like not inviting. people to think that like i'm interested. or i'm trying to. like have you know a conversation. with them like you know um and then i have a question. for chris like why do you only announce your big. tour dates and not club dates. i i live in la i've seen. you at a cl once. but i'm interested in seeing. more shows but you don't announce though. so it's kind of hard. to find how can i find i forgot. i'll be in the south you guys. do love you torrance. love you too coming up. here i love you. go to chris dot com. but yeah no the reason. why i don't do that. is because i just pop. on locally pops in i don't it's not. scheduled i'll just be like yo. i want to. come and they if you're big and famous. enough you can just pop. in you don't need to. be scheduled like i could. do that my brother can do that. other comedians can do. that yeah um okay. so sam kennison can do that. andy coffin can do that. all right so you're saying dead. guys but so um yeah this is we've kind of talked about this. before i just don't i you talk. about versions of this. i don't know if we've talked from a girl's. perspective about what how do i do it. right oh have we this. is well what we've talked about is this. sound this seems like from a guy's this. guy's perspective i'm pointing at myself. for those only listening it seems like one of the most if not. the most annoying daytoday things that women. have to deal with like it. on like a normal like it's also a safe bet. if a guy's talking to. you that he's at least a little bit flirting. with you i mean doesn't mean he's trying. to [ __ ] you but like you know yeah um yeah unfortunately we're just without even thinking about it. i think a lot of guys. are just like i'm going to. be nice to. this person without realizing. oh i want to. be nice to. them because they're [ __ ] attractive. i'm me and i'm just me. and nothing's going to. change the way i am oh. woman has beautiful tits so let me just say. hi excuse me ma'am. remember the guy watch beautiful. eyes and tits oh ma'am. excuse me so insecure. uh the laughing dude. remember the [ __ ] guy the video we played of the guy. who starts hitting on. that girl on the golf. cart and he like i'm being dangerous. right now that guy. is annoying 10 out of 10. the worst of all um it's safe. to assume if a guy's talking to. you that there's some level. of flirtation it's it's safe and to. do what you're doing i think is right. i i i think that it's the right. instinct yeah i i don't think that you being short is you know maybe in any other instance it could be rude but for this there's like an to. me it's like if i if i am. not flirting with somebody and i just have something. to say to. some woman right that's sitting down somewhere that i am. and she goes no. i don't think wow what a what a shitty. person i think oh she probably thinks i'm hitting on. her this is a thing. guys do i'm not so i get it. that that's what i think and that's what i i i don't i don't. i think that you know. you feeling bad about anything. like that is just putting that on yourself. and you don't need to. you're in an enormous. minority i think she's right to. assume that most men are like okay. [ __ ] [ __ ] like even though just their egos. like being bruised like little [ __ ] shitty. little [ __ ] boys. that are just like okay. i guess somebody woke up i guess. somebody is it's that time. of the month for somebody and it's like no. dude she just doesn't want. to [ __ ] you you regular 5. out of 10 guy. well dude for me it's like i'm not insecure. so when that happens. to me i go like this. well she obviously thinks i'm attractive. so it can't be that right. uh yeah i'm not yeah yeah uh i think though. that i laugh like hell. when that happens uh just laugh like hell you're in you're stuck. into a position cuz your instinct. is to be short. but then you end up feeling. bad later and if you can't convince yourself. no it's right it's okay. to do that i shouldn't feel bad. if you're just then you want to. change it a little bit. so you don't end up feeling. bad ending up feeling bad is the worst possible. outcome because then your more. time is being sucked. up by this nonevent also dude. if you feel that bad. you can give him an otp. hj right otphj what. the hell is that. over the pants hand job. okay no i don't suggest that. if you feel bad that bad. you otp you got to. run chase him down now sir sir sir would you like an otps dude i i i i i oh wait there's more so then the alternative is to. be nice and warmer but still not allow. the guy to. think there's an in somewhere. but that seems tricky too. i think the best thing. to do is to. convince yourself it's [ __ ] fine to. be short as long as you're not being shitty. like actually mean everything is fair. game he's coming up to. you taking a chance he knows. he's taking a chance like it's not. mean or shitty to. just reveal to. him that he has none he has no chance do an otphj. because it'll take too long. no i'm saying that because you don't want. to give guys hand jobs. just randomly out in the world. just cuz it's not random you have you talk. to them and and and and you feel bad. but i'm saying you're saying don't do that. because that'll take longer. than a bj you're saying give them. bj or sex or what i'm not saying. either one of those i'm saying none of those. say get your friends. come over and have an orgy. with them no you're making that. would go quick you're making that. up oh oh oh oh oh all right. well cold um yeah yeah but it's good. it's good to. care about how you come off. but like don't overthink this. it's fine to. be the way you are uh only one time. have i ever been like god. [ __ ] this person when she this woman i know do do you yeah it's the famous. person oh no i do i wasn't like [ __ ] this person though i thought that was funny cuz that yeah that's a funny story by the way she came up to. me uh recently and said she was a big. fan i tell you that uh she probably seen. us do stuff together. too right funny. is that like you you had such a you should have said. hey you know what you're a [ __ ] to. my brother 12 years ago. in new york all right go. ahead uh this i was walking. by this bar with a patio. out front and i saw this. girl i don't know if the chair. broke or she just slipped. cuz she was drunk. or whatever but she fell a high. chair onto her ass. she was on the ground. and i was walking by and i went and i was like can i give you a hand. and she looked at me. like i literally was trying. to take her clothes off. and i was like i literally it. was so such like a crazy. look that i just was like i literally threw. my hands up and i was like [ __ ] never mind it was the weirdest thing. dude and then afterwards. i was like how could you possibly. think anything maybe it was her defense. being like i know i look like an idiot maybe. yeah maybe that's the only thing. i could think of yeah. but i could think of much. more things if i wanted to. i'm smart but that's probably it. yeah that that that that is crazy. though yeah it was it was real [ __ ] weird the other thing my brother up was i used to. live close to. dre de matteo in new. york city and she had this beautiful. bulldog that i thought was so cute. and one time from across the street. i was standing outside a bar. smoking cigarette i saw her. walking her dog and i said something. about her dog and she couldn't have reacted less. like her face could not have moved yeah. she wasn't shitty okay. yeah i thought it was hilarious. though i was like wow just stone cold did my ass. so thanks uh anyway now. i guess i wasn't going. to say it but she did. come up to. me and she was like you're [ __ ] funny i love you so all right okay great now everyone knows great you actually had already said that literally you had just said that i know oh i we didn't say who it was now we know because of you because of your loose lips. and loose lips skp uh there's not we didn't reveal. anything about her so it's totally fine. um so anyway i love but she's great. though she's awesome yeah um uh uh what wait uh ah [ __ ] i was going to. say something man i don't remember yes. dude that was also that happened. to be when the sopranos. was i think was still on. at the time so she was she must have got been getting. mobbed yeah you're a dick. for even saying that h. should have said i'm on. her side nice uh all right. next one hey what's up. boys uh shooting you a little video here from sweden. whoa i'm not looking for any advice. i just thought i would let you know. that in swedish rank means masturbate we know oh i didn't know that that's awesome. that that happened uh have a good one. thanks man peace we did. know that i knew that. i haven't runed in a while know what i'm saying. yeah well definitely you don't. you don't know about the you don't know. about runk meaning that. i did it softly rings. a bell but i can't say i definitely knew that. yeah that's why we always start. a video off the run. and then when the views were going. down we were like is it. because it means masturbation. in swedish oh because it's the first thing that comes out. but it's not oh uh and so yeah but we're just we yeah. we did know that run. hey that's i guess i do vely remember. that dude did you run. no when that be it wasn't me. it wasn't me shaggy. it wasn't me i sucked. on helium i wasn't even. runking okay yeah jim carrey quick. question i'll make a short. what a voice uh my girlfriend's. getting fat dear god she's getting. big she's a big girl she's put on like 30. lbs in like a year. and a half okay. um that's not that crazy you. didn't i do that's a lot. what you i like to. work out i run and lift what if he didn't know. she was pregnant she sleeps oh. so it's not even about. body it's about lifestyle. do i try to. when i try to. drag her to the gym. she doesn't she's too insecure. to come fair so i do i just stop buying. groceries do i tell look. like a you never know. what to do and this. sit what um what you say. s the problem is that it's not attractive. like it's attractive problem. you don't you can't be unattracted to. your partner so what i deal. he's like i don't care about. her health all right smile later. uh i think that um you have i this. happened to me once. i was with someone she gained. a lot of weight it. didn't look bad she was. like rail thin and then gained. weight i mean been taking uh classes to. be more present and so um no now matt. now that's too close. right so the teacher. so um they're going to. think you're weird so back. up a little bit it's okay. look away sometimes uh remember the 8020. rule so i can't. can't stop so far um and and and so she started. getting bigger and i i i liked it. and then it got to. the point where it was just too big. too big to. fail i liked it but it was i'm like how big is she going. to get so then i said to. her hey i remember you said you should start. working out uh you're you're not anymore. and you're you're getting big i mean. like it's it's not the end of the world. cuz it really wasn't you liked. it i i not like it. yeah yeah yeah but i was like you should do. you should work out you like do. you like working out anyway. and and like and and that day. she she did it she was. like oh yeah and in like three weeks. she trimmed i couldn't even believe it. actually it was unbelievable. but but um so that happened. to me i brought up. delicately like that it sounds. like this guy's suffering from lack of balls. itis and he just doesn't he just doesn't dum. it dude he's got it. it sounds like i'm not a doctor but it sounds. to me like he's got a pretty mild. to severe case of lack of balsitis. mat okay and he's he's doing that's the dumbest thing i thing where he like dancing around it like can we go to. the gym oh maybe i'll get less. groceries like just say just. say something without being a [ __ ] well what you could do is dick. [ __ ] now you could walk up to. her and apologize to. her for having lack of balsitis. yeah exactly and say the reason. why it's on me is i have lack of balsitis. i let it this far. i i should have stopped it sooner but you're fat. so i have lack of balsitis. go let's go to. the gym you're [ __ ] fat stop eating i have lack of balsitis. you're fat let's go. to the gym let's better. ourselves i'm i'm working on. my lack of balsitis. by doing this right. now you could work on your absolute. fatness by coming to. the gym with me you. could work on your all. your whole if you could do that. you know if if he's too insecure. to say it right. you can act it out. yeah you could put on shallow and and just keep going. like this like do you get it. uh but no dude. just that's crazy how much you went down. to eat it and and i'm referencing. something off screen because you're a [ __ ] hypocrite. i'm not hypoc i'm explaining what happened. so going to throw up. the producer eats and the producer eats and when the producer eats he goes to. eat and he moves. his i always think it's weird. when somebody does this you move. your [ __ ] hand to. your mouth every there are people that go like this. uhhuh like you're a [ __ ] trex uhhuh. it's weird and that's what he does. it's not that weird i didn't. want to have to. do this no one wants. no one wants uh no one cares. is the truth oh i care. i i i i i he doesn't want to. get anything on his white shirt. i totally get it. dude so descriptive he doesn't want. to get on his white uh just lear english. he doesn't want to. get anything on his white shirt. that is starch white. but uh just say something. nicely and politely white what's on the line. here is you're being attracted. to your partner. you can't you were attracted. to what we're attracted to. but you can't continue in a relationship. when you aren't remotely attracted to. your partner anymore so like at it's gotten to. the point now cuz because of your severe. lack of balsitis it's gotten. so [ __ ] far along 35 pounds over year. and a half buddy. 30 he said could be 35 now though he said 35 after 6 months. ago a year ago. you could have said something. it wouldn't have been so [ __ ] bad but now your lack of btis is [ __ ] ruining your life could have been so [ __ ] bad but now i got lack of ball um oh so it's almost too late but it's not too late so bring it to. her like it's an issue. for the relationship not just for her. oh man that's so cocked out. to be like no it's not. dude oh we're in trouble. obviously you don't do it. like that sweetie sweetie. doll we are approaching. something pretty heavy duty. and i'm worried about us. fat you're fat uh my my my it's affecting. my [ __ ] it won't go up this sucks for us right uh i want my prick to. be [ __ ] at attention right but how's my prick. going to be at attention. if you're all fat right. so i'm sorry for having like of ball. liers yeah you're fat what are we going. let's go to. 24hour fitness i uh i'll be honest. i've been in a number of relationships. where a bragging over the course of the relationship. my partner she gains. weight well everyone gains weight not everybody. get you gain weight. pretty much okay but my point. was before you rudely [ __ ]. interrup dat a lot of women. we get it you're cool. that is that if i'm being totally honest. it's never i killed nico brown. simpson never bothered me. really it's never been a thing let me. let me say this though. you've dated very pretty women. that are thin they gain weight. and they start to. look prettier and more it's not like okay. all of a sudden you know. [ __ ] cameron manheim is walking. in and she wrote a book. about is that the too. big to fail. one did she write a book. called i'm too big to. fail cuz she would hi. i'm fat wake up. i'm to fail is about the [ __ ] financial crisis. of 2008 all right okay what's the manheim book. hi i'm fat what what else. is new yeah that's so funny. how do you remember that. women write books and then they'll be like i'm fat. so what what else is new [ __ ] you yeah that would be the best title. ever though hey gained. a few pounds. i don't give a [ __ ] you're a [ __ ] stupid ass. you're a [ __ ] to. cover like this yeah cameron manim i'd tell anthony to. look it up if if he had any [ __ ] clue how to. spell cameron man cla it like this. with a burger and like this. that would be great. dude i want to. see it's with a y cameron. manheim m n he i m. i'm fat big deal so sumi i'm fat. what look at book. book right book in there oh actually you should have spelled it. the way i said to. [ __ ] spell it well here it is what is it wake up. i'm fat you were so close. what did i say that's even. more ridiculous wake up i'm fat. that's the most i'm gna dude. i'm going to write. a book called wake up. i'm fat that's yeah i always say. go to sleep. i'm fit s wake up earlier. i'm skinny that mean sleep. in sleep in i'm skinny [ __ ] so [ __ ] furious to. the the sigh you just did. i mean never has anybody been more more angry. i just when people are fat. and they're talking about being fat i want. to lose my mind i i lo i lose. my mind wait what do you mean. what that's a good thing. when people are fat and they're just like i'm fat. deal with it i want to. it's you know what it's like it's it's not. as bad as this. this is worse but when somebody is rude. and then you go what the [ __ ] and they go that's just me sorry. well that is unac is unacceptable sorry. i'm real yeah that's that's just not a thing. we do in this. civilized world i [ __ ] your girl sorry i'm real hey hey dude don't be mad at me that's the game i'm real dude that's kind of like what chris mako did to. me in fifth grade he stole my girlfriend. and then when i confronted him. about it he said that's the way. the world works so what if it was could to. say you're part of the side. of you had to. [ __ ] your friend's girl hey just sipping doesn't give a [ __ ] sipping doesn't give a [ __ ] at all uh i'm just real man hey hey dude you suck just real yeah i mean the fat thing is obviously way less upsetting than that. yeah yeah but it's it's it's more. annoying it's it's it's less infuriating. but what do you mean. though like what who does that. exactly i i don't know. if i've seen that very often besides wake up. i'm fat the book. hey wake up fat the person. sleeping she like get the [ __ ] out of my bedroom. it's 3:30 turn the light off. you fat [ __ ] i [ __ ] know you're fat jesus christ. you're fat how do i not notice. i'm in the bed and i'm fat. um all right let's do a new one. all right hi matt i think it's awesome. you um help someone leave a cult. chris i watch your episode. of congratulations where you're talking. about bik so i need to. get your guys opinion on. this i don't know what she said. i was taking a left. to come into my neighborhood. and there was a road biker. who have learned road bikers. are terrible in comparison to. mountain bikers who are super cool. she means cyclist and i'm going. to take a left i have about 10. 15 seconds until this. guy was to. get to me i'm waiting. and i figured oh it's cool. i can take a left. i don't have to. i got to get going. so as i'm going to. take a left i'm going. super slow the guy comes. towards me m not still not close. enough tells me i'm crazy. and gives me the finger. i so badly wanted. to follow him and clip. him and tell him that. his tight outfits are obviously. helping him move faster. and he should work on that. if he really wants to. be out on the road imagine but am. i the jerk for not waiting. another 15 seconds or is he the jerk. for doing that to. me [ __ ] cyclist r over now it's not my fault but i wasn't really listening can you recap. what she said i was but she left. out a few words left. out words right that threw me for the whole. thing she goes we bikers. and we're hanging so you b a left. and that is kind of how it the bike. she's in the carop look biker's coming this. way oh she's in the car. oh i missed yeah. know i believe it yeah i believe it. i think they're traveling in the same. direction and so she's going. to make a in a car. no she's in a car in a no. like this they're going this. way she's like this well that's a bike. guy crazy oh yeah you're right. yeah so here's what happened. this my biggest legally. what you did was wrong. but obviously what you did. obviously what you did. was right and okay i mean but probably legally. no cuz bike pe. cyclists are like this it's like they know the lay the [ __ ] rule of law. about all the [ __ ] ins. and outs the things that they do. can't do what other people. can and can't do around. them they're so [ __ ] annoying and then the second someone does something that's slightly out outside of what's generalization. yeah not so right. no i'm right dude i used to. [ __ ] live downtown la it's crazy how people are on bikes. it's like it's like shut the [ __ ] up. dude like you don't own. the [ __ ] world just because you're on a bike i know how the bike how cyclist laws work okay. i have a [ __ ] car you stupid [ __ ] yeah that would have been good yeah and they [ __ ] you bringing yeah dude it's you you did nothing wrong there i said it i would do it 100 i do this 100 times in a row i agree with that me driving away i think legally she might actually have done something that is not legal but i still it depends far that's why i said might this is why i said might i'm closing my eyes cuz i'm getting furious and i'd like to. be less furious so descriptive. good matt good good you're being still. being a little weird in the class. um so um good to. express yourself though so uh can't stop at the joke. so um the what is that that got [ __ ] all your hand that right. there you got i noticed it. earlier it's on your arm. and [ __ ] um what is this. thing it's nothing it's not coke. is it paint no it's plaster. because of our house was oh doing man. [ __ ] huh no no no cameron man [ __ ] so wait hold on a second the most disrespectful thing and we were talking about how fat she was but that most disect so um hey tina l. your mind so so hold. on what the [ __ ] were we just talking about the [ __ ] girl in the car or whatever uh oh i was driving and i pulled out to. take a right i had a bunch of space. okay and then somebody from behind me. got to me like like you know. what i'm saying like we were driving. like this i took a right. in their lane and they got up. to me and they go. like this they come up. and they go like this. oh and and and and wait i still it. i'm like maybe they were just giving me. a thumbs up i don't. think it wasn't that. they were a fan that. was not what it is. oh it seems like they were being dicks. no but for what though. i i had so much room. number one number two here here. this changes the story a little bit we had the same. car oh but it wasn't it. it was the audi what. so i'm saying like do you think that she was. just doing it it was a woman. you think that she was just doing. it because we had the same. car may no i think what. i think if if she smiled the way. you just did like a shitty. like oh okay well how do you think she smiled for real. i think she went like that. oh that's tough you can tell it's tough to. decipher yeah but i would guess that she was like way. to go [ __ ] with good job [ __ ] cutting me off i was in the car with jerich. and i said did she give me the thumbs. up because of i did something. wrong she was like no. oh i still don't know. though i'll never know i don't believe jericho. wow i know they say believe all women. but i don't believe jerich. uh yeah i don't know. i would eror on the side. of people are so [ __ ] crazy to. ready to be flip. out at people when they're behind the wheel. it's not i mean me. too i'm not saying every like i'm not exempt. from this at all it's so crazy. the kinds of [ __ ] i'm willing to. get upset about when i'm driving versus in regular life. weird i'm not like that really yeah i'm not geez. i'm not you're also a really crazy. slow and bad driver though. no way yeah you are. i'm a it's interesting slow. driver you're such a slow. driver i'm pretty slow but i'm good. you're you're dangerously slow like in a 65. zone you'll go like 52 what what. that's not even that bad no. that's illegal well no i'm i'm good. dude i i'm a good driver. kristen got mad at me. today because of how i drove yeah. you're not good and i i you look. at your phone too much. how you think no no. no i first of all not when i'm driving. here's the thing okay. so let's get your take on this. i was pulling out oh this. is great sex this. is hard this is hard. to talk about if you're just listening so you're looking it's hard. to a lot of car. directions here so i was pulling. out into. the road okay i had to. go left so we know there's that that that traffic that's coming towards me. more difficult to. turn left than right. okay in america so the there. was a car that was coming. and then i looked on the right. because you you have to. cross that lane to. get to the next lane. and then make the left right. so you look right. as well yes of course because you have to. look right i was i made an aggressive is move. i was like this car's coming so close. to my face yeah i was like this. car right here is coming. over here right and then i had already looked to. the right but kristen looks to. the right and in her mind. those cars are coming too fast. now what she didn't know what. i was doing was i was moving out. into the middle lane and i was wait for those. cars on the right to. go i was going. to skip past this. first one wait and go okay. right as you have to. do sometimes when there a veryy stre that's why. they have the middle lane correct so i pulled. out in front of this. first car coming uh in front of what. is what do you mean. well it's coming to. the right it's coming it's coming. this from the left. i'm about to. eek out and i'm about to. get in front of it. to get into the middle. lane right yeah okay. so as i do this. she sees this she thinks you're going. to get clipped and she says chris yes yes and and and i just hit the break instinct. because and i said what are you doing. and she was like this. car's coming i said i know. and she's like what you're you're so i'm like babe. don't don't do that she's like well. you're not paying attention. i said i already looked over. here yeah so don't say. chris like that i'm going to. break you're making it more dangerous. i'm going to f. this guy's going to. hit me yeah right. yeah okay she was like no. you shouldn't have done any of it. oh okay interesting take so you're asking what my. take is yeah i absolutely. [ __ ] detest when i'm driving and i'm always driving i always am the one who's driving if it's if i'm in a group when someone does or says something that indicates that i'm not paying attention. when i when i actually am now. i get that it can. in that situation especially i can see. why she thought what she thought but i don't like when it's when it's something. like this like like oh no. like dude what so scary. those people des get what are you. doing for i'm [ __ ] turning left. get out here we go. know the whole thing get back. down that is yeah mom does. that huh mom does that. i know be just a woman. thing right i know wanting to. get into a sexist. box so it's like only women ever do that. right chris he's goting chris yeah. he's he's trying to. get lined with chris no. i i i don't no gu guys. do that too but i think that guys. do a little bit of a different. ver mom doesn't do it this is what mom does i think mom does this is what mom does oh god this is so funny and and she watches this she'll hear this and she knows she does this we talk about it. um chris what in another room. oh you're not in the car. now no no no no in another room. okay i i messed i messed up. okay i go in there. she's in front of the computer. yeah where did it. go i had a screen here where did it. go oh you just minimized. it didn't disappear you. just got to. hit this green part and then it gets big again. like that you see it. he goes oh yeah all right. thanks i leave the room. m yeah i know where this. is going yeah of course i leave. the room i'm i'm walking down the hallway. oh [ __ ] chris no never mind. always yeah she's it used. to be i'll be honest. i mean i'm there a lot. now these days it happens a lot. less than it used to. yeah yeah it does she's gone. hi she's like [ __ ] basically steve. jobs now right i mean. she's got the [ __ ] iphone. she's got it on facebook. she's she knows what she's doing. she's she's good at it. she sends me instagrams. yeah dude she sends me instagrams. a lot okay well me too. we she loves us. equally every time she sends me one she says if i sent chris one i send you two is what she said she meet them and she says don't show mt this. is just for us uh that's lovely. stuff she'll also she'll also sent bill. clinton she'll also send she'll also send me uh uh your instagrams. and say look at how [ __ ] stupid matt is course mom don't tell him and she'll say it's just for me and you he's stupid and then she goes like this. should have never had him. yeah and then she goes like this. here's a link to. my blog about how much i hate matt. and then i read it. and it's scathing scathing all. right let's do one. more before the show ends. hey guys i need some advice. getting head how do i get out. of situations regarding stories that. i've heard probably 20 times before. no matter how many times i politely. stopped the person and mentioned to. them hey yeah you tell me. this and i'll end the story for them. but they continue to. tell me in great detail the story that how do i get out. of these situations without being a jerk. honestly beat them up anyways. love you both chris have been listening. since the 10minute podcast days wow. i got to meet you in columbus and cincinnati. last year oh cool. both meet and greets. told you i was your biggest fan. you said you believe me. but you probably didn't but anyways. funny story you got to. meet me with my son. last year in cincinnati. he's 21 i'm 43. you looked at me and said how old were. you when you had him 10. i'll never forget that that was hilarious. thanks because i was 11. anyways good joke good joke. what was i 20. i don't know love you both. who cares help me. out it's all the same i. mean he has a sign on the back. that says gather that's such a speaking. of mom how much would mom. have that up in the house. well he's obviously married. so um well yeah that guy. put that sign up i like says gather. uh okay so this is a great. [ __ ] question and i'll tell you what i really think this i've thought about this a lot i think there's a hole in everyone's brain. and i'm including myself where if you're if you start if you even get it. in your mind and you come out. of the gate and you start. telling the story you're it's like you can't. not tell it so how many times someone someone is like already. started hey i've heard this story before many many times. and i know exactly what happens. that story is still getting told and i don't get it. i don't know why it's like [ __ ] it's it's yeah it's like the body once the body starts. doing a thing it can't stop it's the same. kind of come on babe. what's that that's you're trying. to get like no you're like okay. okay yeah cool oh come on man. in bed i'm saying oh with a guy. no with your wife or you said. come on man babe. oh i thought you said come. on man no a babe. oh come on babe oh no okay. cool anyway oh come on people. come on man i'm saying only babe. yeah only babe okay so what do you think uh he's asking what to. do so i would say halt i don't what. i'm saying i've heard it. to be clear what i'm saying. is i don't think there's anything. you can do go ahead. okay so then here's what you do. mhm you finish the story and then this. happened and that happened this. happen this that happened right. there we go boom. done how dick is that. though that is so dick. it's also so annoing to. monopolize time what' i say noising. why did i say that. uh nobody knows i didn't want to. nobody noises i didn't want to. i said it and i didn't want. to and now it's on. camera on the internet. forever and it's going to. live forever a [ __ ] utterly viral. and because it's so crazy. co said an noising. yeah it's actually kind of a it. should be the that should be the word. what would it mean. oh instead of annoying annoying yeah it should be annoing. annoing an noising sounds good yeah. i fixed it nice all right. so um yeah i think that it. uh you just finish the story say i know. the story this what happens. in that and you jumps. off and then the guy jumped on and then that happened. remember the accident yes then then they met each other that's how they met yes. got it and he goes oh mh. but he jumped off of the thing. and you're like no they would do that. it would that's how it would go people can't. put it back in their pocket. if they've already they've just taken it. out dude it's just the weirdest thing. it does doesn't matter how many times or ways. you're like oh yeah right. right no i know i remember i remember this. i remember you told me. this right and then because of the thing and then it's just like stop yeah you kind of are right. i think about times i've done. it i'm like i still want. to tell the story you still want. to tell it and that's annoying. but everyone does it yeah. i think what i think my advice. to you is it's sometimes. we have to resign to. our makeup our biology and i i mean. our universal comm everybody makeup. biology i'm saying it is though. i think it is i think biot. [ __ ] do that we might as well give it up it's part of being human sometimes you got to. just [ __ ] sit there and hear the [ __ ] story one thing though people will do if they respect you at all is that if they know you already know the story they won't tell it like you've never [ __ ] heard it they'll just hit the main parts and get to. the end quicker so yeah at least. at least usually there's that. i guess at least usually yeah. all right fine compromise. that's what calvin would always say. man what kristen would say. okay you got you got five more. minutes you got to. go to bed and he would say compromise. oh cute and then and then she would say like what. he'd say six oh that's a good. deal for her or she would say six and he would like okay. he he he never kick back. man such a bad dealmaker calvin. you know yeah or compromise. five minutes i have six well. maybe once or twice. he's done that well. can we do seven you. know so f now he's getting. it the art of the deal. oh man man the art. of the he's read the art. of the day i read him. that before he goes to. bed every night an audio. book every single night all right. sign up for our patreon. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. uh and uh let send this episode. to one of your friends. say yo this this episode. is banging dude help. us out um you want to. hear something banging you want. to watch something banging check this. out going to toronto. and um a bunch of different. places in alabama go to. chris dot com and if you want the new merch. the yes got out of that. one merch which is is bangar ranging go. to lifeline merch dot com. and buy it w. far is on baby. i can see you folding them. tiny so you can't put them. in your butt you know. bye [music] everybody. hello hello hello hello 