 foreign [music] it's your boy. you know i'm like a rapper. and i say it's your boy. got completely gatted up. so far it's crazy. how many yet. twos i got but also dude. we're gonna get into. this episode and uh it's gonna be amazing. love you guys uh and honestly. welcome to the next welcome. to this episode of congratulations. [music] so it's like this. dude um i i i i i i love you. you know i'm gonna be in new york. coming up here on saturday. february 18th the second show. there's still tickets left. [music] in kansas city uh minneapolis. uh austin texas austin texas. we got a bunch here crystalia. dot com for tickets. go to chrislea dot com. and uh it's episode what is it. 300 is this 300 is this. 300 episode 300 that's annoy. that's very annoying but it's episode. 300 of congratulations yeah i never thought. we'd get it but we got it. dude we got it and we're sitting nice. what did i do to. celebrate um [ __ ] man i was gonna maybe do something special for the episode. 300 but i totally freaking forgot. about it um and it's okay. i totally forgot about. it it's okay because honestly every episode. is the same as me. talking about the hardhitting issues. like pants and shirts and you know and whatever's been going down. in my life you know. and uh also i do i do talk about other things. too you know i talk about like we're gonna talk. about the super bowl we're going to. talk about all sorts of stuff. valentine's day or how when your girls. are single and they do it. they do galentine's day. um which is by the way. uh that's i don't any holiday first of all is made up. so don't make it up. your own way right they did. it done valentine's day that's it. galentine's day no thanksgiving. that's it friendsgiving no just thanksgiving. with your friends you can be a loser. and you don't have to. coin your own term you. can be a single loser. and you don't have to. go in your own term. galentine's day no the only. thing i accept is dudes. in times day because single dudes. hanging out together on valentine's day. that are straight unbelievable straight dudes in times day. that's the main thing i want to. do straight dudes and times day. but um and yeah so we don't do friends. giving and anytime someone does a potluck. you know potlucks are okay. but basically have a family. and if you don't it's sad. and that's fine but revel in it. just revel in it. be sad feel your feelings right. because if you don't feel your feelings. and you just you know. you're you're going and doing your friends. giving and galentine's day. you're really faking the funk. and we don't want to. fake the funk right. you want to. feel your feelings so uh so that's what's up. had a great time on the road. where was i uh uh where was i last. even san antonio did i do that. did i talk about that. yet and uh houston did i talk about that. yet did it talk about that. yet did i talk about houston when was i there. where was i last wow. no idea yes dude i need ginkgo baloga below. i need to stop taking gabapentin dude. i have no i legitimately. have no idea where i was last. wow san antonio houston and let's see wait. far what was i okay. hold on wait so i think that was the last one. san antonio yes oh san antonio absolutely bonkers. that crowd was absolutely bunker. san antonio was great we love it. houston well it was sugarland that's why. very rich area. of houston like 19 miles away. from houston i tried to. pretend like it was houston so the people. from houston will go get it. yeah there were over 2. 000 people there the crowd. was okay don't know what it. was but it was only okay had a bad set. felt lonely afterwards yes dude family. wasn't with me felt lonely. afterwards yes man didn't want to. feel my feelings wanted to. go into my phone. hey yes did i no. david sullivan was there talked it. out with him yes need to. talk out your feelings with people. otherwise you you know you get you. you know it all gets bunched. up and you get [ __ ] up and yes that becomes a tumor and can't say yes but diet cancer. anyway and it's okay right because you're going. to die cancer anyway. uh uh you know because it's like if the stress doesn't get you the ice. cream will if the ice cream doesn't get you who knows. the radiation if there's something going on you're going. to be living your nuclear. power plant or whatever. um so san antonio houston and then um what do you call. it um i went to. uh what was the third. one oh louisiana oh the show. was bonkers dude the show. was bonkers honestly new orleans. i was like i don't know about this. place it seems like such a party town that. i don't know if it's going. to be a good show. or not because everyone's all interested. in just showing their tits and building. out beads uh but i did the show and it was great. it's a tough sell in new orleans. for comedians unless you're theo. von because he's from there. but it's a tough sell and the crowd. was just awesome i think the goal. i think the trick is to. do the sunday shows. there because their part their vibe is party. no matter what but if you do friday. saturday the vibe is party. and they're not the last thing. you're doing they're doing that. night they're the they're the they're the they're not the last thing. that they're doing that night but you might be if it's sunday. we did a seven. o'clock show and maybe at nine o'clock after the show. they're like yeah it's sunday. we're going home they're not they're not prelit. at your show they're late. at your show they're not prelit. to get to the lit. [ __ ] because nobody is more activated. and excited than a prelit. person you want the already you want. the people at your event already. lit you don't want them. prelit because prelit means everything's gonna be [ __ ] annoying. and shit's gonna catch on fire. and there's gonna be people yelling. out like woo or whatever the [ __ ] it is especially at a comedy show right um so we did it uh and it was great and the new orleans show was absolutely fantastic i love those people in new orleans and people actually in new orleans came out to. the show i had no idea stayed at the [ __ ] i don't know where we stayed a really nice hotel. right on this on the on the strip. there and david sullivan. was was was uh always being like you know david sullerman my friend. came with me for my friend. from texas and he was always just saying stuff. like is this the french quarter and i'm just like dude. stop asking that because it doesn't matter. where you are as long. as you look up and you're having a good. time and that's a quote to. put in my [ __ ] tombstone and i'm being dead. serious it doesn't matter where you are just look up. if you're having a good time. breathe easy my baby. that's what we say. life rips speaking of which we got the new merch. going on my life rips. we've got the nice winter. colors it's super super nice get one get one for you get one for your significant other and cuddle near the fireplace because that's what it is lots of storms everywhere the merch didn't even make it to. san antonio well then a little bit of it. made it to. san antonio and it didn't make it. to houston and it didn't make it. to louisiana yes dude because of the storms all good. man and i tell you that's really [ __ ] annoying that that happened because uh that's money from my pocket. that i don't get to. have all right it's all. good though dude but it's like no. it's annoying right no dents. but it's annoying though right. and then people complain because dude you can only get the merch. exclusively at the shows and if you're in. louisiana waiting for the exclusive. merch and then you can't get it. i'm just like okay it. hurts me it hurts you so. we're hurt together in the same. boat and it's fine. but dude you know it. is what it is what can i do. what can i do i can't. do anything if there's gonna be a storm coming um but yay is ridiculously. at he's ridiculously added. up like now i'm actually a tied it. up guy you know how many tattoos i have nine nine i got a flower. here an elevator a [ __ ] staircase all all different ways. to get up and down a building. and then [ __ ] uh fire in a an eagle in a plane and a [ __ ] 40 with the floral arrangement and then a [ __ ] paper airplane right here oh dude do not make me get a cityscape on my neck. because i will right. because i will because i'm gonna be [ __ ] ridiculously yet. here's um i don't know man. you know i don't know why. you listen to. this [ __ ] podcast because basically it's ramblings of a madman. but i love tattoos and when i hit 40. i was like you know what [ __ ] it i'm going. all in and i did and then i saw you machine. gun kelly and i was like that. guy looks cool with a bunch of tattoos so i'm like you know what i'm just going. for it [ __ ] it uh um also when i hold the [ __ ] microphone. and i do it like this. people are just gonna be like he's at it. i'm practically lenny kravitz up. in this [ __ ] but i don't even know if he has tattoos also when black guys get tattoos like it's like they need to. get you know those neon. ones that they make now those are [ __ ] pretty cool not my style but black dudes should get that because when you just get black ink on a brown body you can't really see it it still does. look kind of cool but it's kind of like when you're a white. guy and you get tattoos you really are making a [ __ ] statement you know what i'm saying um so yeah so uh i you know sorry about the merch [ __ ] but we're we do uh we do have a we do have a we do have a good time on the road love my openers. man uh i love the comedians i shouldn't even say. they're openers that's something. i used to. say i wish i didn't do. that i'm fortunate to. have comedians open for me. that are already comedians and very good. like when michelinocchio would open. for me and he still does. sometimes but now i got denny love and i got lulu gonzalez. and uh i'm very fortunate because they don't need to. be opening their stars in their own. right you know mike. denny and lulu but um but yeah it's uh yeah. so what did you do. for valentine's day did you do the thing. where you took your uh your woman. out your wife or your fiance. or girlfriend or whatever it is. did you take them. out on valentine's day or did you [ __ ] out and do it like on a wednesday or a monday not the tuesday right. dude i tell you what i'm when it. comes to valentine's day first of all. i made up holiday all holidays. are made up okay it's okay it's fine. right like even christmas. you could be like well but that's when the lord. did whatever he did but you're like also. yeah yeah but also you know. what i mean like babyface has a christmas. album so really does. it right yeah okay the lord. did this and great but then there's like jingle all. the way and elves. and [ __ ] so it's like yeah it's kind of made up though right santa yeah but on easter but that was when the lord did whatever he did on easter. but then also it's like there's a bunny. hopping around okay and you need to. hide a candy and eggs and look so it's like all. right but it's real but also it's made up. so it's real but also is it. like i get you can be religious. but also bunny a bunny. right so uh what'd you. do for valentine's day because i'll tell you what i did. i [ __ ] when it comes to. valentine's day dude a mr [ __ ] out because mostly though because she said that we could do it on wednesday. and then mostly also because i have one. of my group my group. my men's groups on tuesday. night and i can't miss it. because i can't miss a man. because i gotta talk about my feelings. because i don't talk about my feelings. they'd all get jumbled and i live. in resentment and when i will live in resentment. i get in trouble. we don't wanna we don't. want to live in resentment. right and it's not some sort of thing. where i feel pissed off. and then boom i'm gonna go. you know what i mean. just numb out in my phone. or numb out with you know trying. to whatever it is you. know thinking about sex whatever it is numbing. out right instead of what it is is i get resentment. and then it festers and i live in that. world for a while and before. i even know it it's like okay. i'm numbing out um and that's just a life. of an addict but i will. tell you this though dude. we're doing it on wednesday. and mainly it's it's number. one mainly because uh i gotta do my group but then also my wife. said that we should do it. another day but also that's how you save. money but i didn't even know that it. doesn't even matter right no. dents but also by the time. i even tried to. do something on a tuesday everything was sold out so all good do you know what i mean. even mozartia so it's like what can i do. dude i live in l.a and everyone's trying. to [ __ ] you know and i want to. get a table but then it's like can i call and say i'm kristalia. but it's like not really because john mayer already has that. seed and who's gonna get it. between me and john mayer. ham and that's okay but it's like you know. like they gotta be like ah i know you're crystalia. but actually lloyd banks is bringing his side. [ __ ] so oh okay well why is he bringing his side [ __ ] for valentine's day because wednesday's the side chick that i didn't know that my somebody told me that they're like monday's the side chick day for valentine's day and tuesday's the actual valentine's day and i'm like dude is that actually a real thing and she goes yeah and i was like nah but that's like you saw sopranos one. too many times and she's like no. it's real so monday. night if you see a dude. with a chick that's their side. chick right that's their side. chick but no but i'm going. wednesday so what i don't. even know what that means but um that's my this. is my whole how about that. i'm bringing my whole life. out side chick valentine's day. and then the real [ __ ] on wednesday. i'm bringing my whole life. my whole life out my wife. i'm gonna look in her eyes. and eat some pasta. or something um so yeah. um i don't know man. so don't call it galentine's day. that's where that's that's that's some kuda. [ __ ] and then we so you know i don't know is there love in the air. even is there love in the air. is there love in the air. sometimes i feel love in the actual. air you know i'm just like i feel love. right like i'm walking on sunshine. but then sometimes i'm like maybe not really there's not like some love in the air. guess what i don't do. anymore guess what i don't do. anymore go to. coffee shops and sit he graduated. dude i'm 42. i don't go. to coffee shops and sit anymore. maybe when i'm on the road you know. me i hang out at a car shows. where i run the block. right not anymore i'm 42. i've decided that's too old. to sit at coffee shops and hang out. anymore duty makes decisions. he lives with intent. okay and if you're 42 you shouldn't do it. either how about that dude. there's so many [ __ ] rules. in life that are the real. rules right people are always like yeah don't rob. and i'm like yeah don't rob but the real. rules though so i don't do it. anymore i just go i get the coffee. and i leave what we gonna do. man what are you gonna. do right what are we gonna do. that's what i decided there's no reason. for me to be in a coffee. shop just sitting around i'm 42. and been thinking about this uh part of it is you know family man. want to be with my wife. and son a little bit. more and uh and that's that's fine. but i was at a coffee. shop the other day uh it was yesterday. i went in to. just get the coffee and bounce. out because that's what i do now. dude right i'm like i'm really cool. about it i'm like why. is it gonna oh he says i thought oh okay. oh but that's the comedian. oh okay i guess he's gone. well i wanted to ask. for a paper but okay. whatever i go in and you know. this thing where like now. by the way the whole [ __ ] remember we used to. just put our cards in the thing. and and and then take them out. and now it's first of all you used. to just give the credit card. to the guy and the guy. would be like first of all before. that you just use cash right. like in 1950 or something. i don't know when the credit cards come out. 2005. and you just give cash and then the guy would take the cash and then give you more. cash right when do credit. cards come out 1960s all right. so when my dad was born people were just their bot. their pockets just looked like big. [ __ ] water beetles right if you were rich. because you couldn't even have or you. had checkbook you know. you're the [ __ ] with the checkbook. at [ __ ] savon whatever but then they invented the credit. cards and then by the way. before money there was just you would trade. [ __ ] you know you'd be like hey i really like uh those coffee beans can i get a bag. of them and people would be like yeah but what do. you got and you'd just be like you want. this scarf and they'd be like it. does get cold around. here you just give them. a scarf and you give you like two. bags of beans right um and then money which i never really was a big. fan of money because you give people. money and you'll give them. like one dollar if something is 45. cents and then you get back like two quarters. in a nickel or even. worse you know three dimes. two nickels and two more nickels and then another nickel you. know and then you just got like so many i gave you one. and now i gotta have all this. [ __ ] right that sucks to. give something one dollar and then more stuff. that's actually less i'm not a part. of it right so and heavier right. so it's like money's [ __ ] then credit card's cool then it's like you give the guy the credit. card the guy takes a credit card does the thing. and then gives it back. and you gotta sign. it it's too much. then they came up with the [ __ ] you slide the credit card thing in great take it out great fine. i got i i do the credit card. [ __ ] now but now it's like they're like ah either slide it or put it in for a little bit or just put it around the area. and it's like okay first of all pick one. this is your [ __ ] establishment i have the card what the [ __ ] is there to. do everybody's got the [ __ ] tap [ __ ] so if you just want to. make it to. tap [ __ ] tell me to. just wave it around the area. now that doesn't this is one. of those things the technology. is not caught up to. the thing because a lot. of times they're like yeah the tap. function actually it doesn't really work so slide. it in and you're like ah all right. i'm just getting used to. the tap [ __ ] now but fine so it's completely [ __ ] annoying i want to. go back to the days where you just take my credit. card do what it is you need. to do now uh people are like oh yeah but it's safety. in australia they've been doing it. forever and so is britain. and it's like okay yeah i guess. it's safer if some not. everybody's holding my credit card but whatever dude here's the [ __ ] annoying part they there's too many screens. now you tap it they go okay. is this amount okay. yes okay you want tip. uh all right and then give you like three or four. options for a tip. it'll be like 10 20. 30 like first of all the balls right like 20 okay and i do 30 a lot of the time but most people ain't [ __ ] we fly high no lie we rolling and like i i get it right but since since i'm the kind of guy who you know everybody do they know when i walk in we fly high no lie we rolling they know right so i'm like well i can't not tip 30 and then somebody tweets out any doesn't tip well but also i don't do it to. get in right with [ __ ] jesus. i do it because you know. what this coffee the tip. is two dollars [ __ ] it who cares right. but i don't here's what i don't. like you look at it. now i'm gonna do it. with you as if we're doing like you. see the ten percent and then you see the 20 and then you see the 30 so everybody knows the left side is the little tip. if that's what you want to. do sometimes companies are savvy like sandwich. places like mom and pop. places they'll flip it and put the 30. first then 20 and then 10. so you think automatically you go. boop and hit the 30. even though you think you're hitting the ten. and then you go ah [ __ ] it and then sign the thing and hit it right dude that is some [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] that's undercover that's like the [ __ ] gofundme. how they they add the tip. in already they say you're going. to get 15 right and you go what what and you got to. unclick it that's a bit. like robbery it's an unspoken. thing so it's not like robbery. but it's an unspoken thing. but we all know that. the money's supposed to. go little money to. the left and then upper upper bigger. money to the right. okay but here's the deal. there's too many screens. right because then you got to. click the tip and then you gotta sign. it and click the okay it's like dude. this is taking longer than when we just used. to trade [ __ ] it would be way. quicker if i just got two packs of beans. and i pulled the scarf. off so now it's taking too. long as it is but here's the most here's the thing. sometimes because thing the screens. are different and by the way. thank god you're listening to. this podcast because this is very important. and like and subscribe honestly. and leave a comment on how do you feel about. this even though i don't care. but i want you to. know i want you to. do it it helps outgrow them. um do i when when people's when when you get the the tip. screen and you walk away sometimes. you don't think of you like i hit the thing. i gotta go away. now and then they and then the tip. screen is left open right. and the guy behind the thing is like oh [ __ ] he didn't do. the tip screen never once. have i ever heard the guy. say oh man. you didn't do the tip. screen not once in my life. have i ever heard that but i have heard people. say oh it's asking you some questions. now we know what's going. on there they don't want to. sound greedy [laughter] and i get why they do it. and they don't want to. put you in that uncomfortable. situation where it's like oh [ __ ] yeah i wasn't gonna give you a tip. i was gonna put zero but i [ __ ] up now you you're looking at me do it because you know i didn't do it so dude today the guy goes like this. not even like he didn't even do it. any sort of i understand. you don't want to. say oh you didn't do the tip. but he goes like this. it was well across the coffee. place because i forgot to. click all the [ __ ] buttons he says oh man it's still asking you a question and i go i say huh and he says it's still asking you a question and i'm like oh i walk over and i say yeah yeah and i give him a 30 tip. because you know what i mean. but it's like and and you know what i mean. but it's like dude it was so [ __ ] funny and those. are the things i think about and i'll go a step. further those are the things i think about all day. long now did i do couples therapy. three days in a row. and did it last for hours. each day and the answer is yes. did i talk about real. feelings and emotions yes did my wife. talk about real feelings and emotions yes okay yes we did was it. hard for me yeah why because i want to. think and talk only about things like the tipping. function at a coffee shop. why because i want to. talk about things that interest. me and i think are funny. but why because it's a defense. mechanism so i don't have to. deal with real feelings. why because something happened in your childhood. [music] wall up what i'm not telling [music]. so it's like [laughter] oh [ __ ] so i'll just get a bunch of tattoos and keep on living. you know what i mean. dude it's just life rips. man it does you're either. growing or dying i. say that you're either growing. or dying i fully believe that. you're either growing or dying because one time. ed og said death is. just the moment when the dying ends. and as a young lad 25. i just go hmm. that's interesting because i've also heard the quote to. live is to. find meaning through the suffering. yes i pulled it out i thought i forgot. it dude and i'm like hmm. but i've also heard life is a highway i'm gonna ride. it all night long. so i'm like which one though. am i going to. be super jerk off positive or super jerk. of negative right and i'm like [ __ ] man. what i think is you're either. growing or dying because that's your choice. that's your choice you could. either grow or die. and death is just the moment. when the dying ends if you're not growing. it's all about choice. you gotta grow or die. that's why when they say stuff. like skate or die. i'm like no there's so many different. things you can do in between. skating and dying like eating a blueberry. muffin taking a walk around. the park flying to. fiji but there's nothing you can. do in between growing or dying. you're either doing one or the other so that's why. i say grow or die. which one are you doing i choose. growl but it's hard. right it's hard because you're always to. grow you have to. feel your feelings you can't. no matter you can't. only think about things like tipping. at coffee shops and cargo pants. you got to think about the stuff. that hurts and it's real. grow or die. um so yeah so that's why. i did public therapy for three. days in a row. for way too many hours it's all. good i saw got so much mucus for some reason. yes all good uh i saw yes dude i saw um the super bowl. or as i call it. the stupid ball no. i'm kidding it was actually. a really good game it. really was a good game. patrick mahoney pat maho pat. pat mahoney pat mahoney pat my homeboy. um and then the other guy. jalen hurts everybody hurts it's a good. song sometime um and it was good dude. it was a good game. uh and then rihanna went on the thing. and then of course here's the thing. rihanna can do no wrong ever now i don't mean to. take away from her she is talented. as all get out she's got a great. voice and she's beautiful. and she's just cool right. big rihanna i didn't know she had she said second in the super bowl. i'm like she got that. many hits they kept coming dude. foreign i'm watching her do the thing. and she can do no wrong. like honestly rihanna could legitimately have like she could go rob a bank without a mask and people be like well she deserves that. money and people be like it was actually. my money at the bank. and they said yeah but you're not rihanna. and they go what what what. i mean but why does. she get it she sings. rude boy you're like all right. i guess just kind of shitty. it was she took five thousand. dollars for me and so much. from other people like all throughout it. like yeah but umbrella all right. also she's one of those women. that by the way she's super sexy. but she's one of those women. that everyone talks about is so beautiful. that they just it's like okay. dude all right right. and she wore all pink. in the and she was good and she was pregnant. and that was amazing. because let me tell you something. dude she performed halftime she does. this thing where she's like i'm dan. she's a great dancer but she didn't. really do it this. time because she's pregnant and she's doing the thing. where she's like i don't give a [ __ ] about the dancing. i'm cool i do whatever. i want and it was very cool. how she was doing it. it was great it was a great. performance the only other performance that i liked. in recent history was um the where eminem and all. the guys did it and 50. cent was like upside down and uh adam. levine is cool i didn't really see. the one with the whatever. the [ __ ] it was um what's their band name maroon 5. um i do feel like rihanna was killing. it and then i'm like okay. so she's pregnant and then i'm like how far along is. she i guess she's having another baby. but asap rocky right. that's who it is because she had to. run recently and apparently he [ __ ] squirted all up in her immediately after because she's already pregnant again. although i'm no good with time. like if you ask me. when the razor scooter came. out i'd be like i was at 2016 and people were like dude. it was the 80s and i'm like oh i said well what. movie is george hamilton coming out in and they're like huh. and i say the gold guy. who does the and they say. he's dead he's not but i'm like oh i didn't know. how old he was okay. whatever like i have no i'm not. good with time so so uh she does. the dancing and the singing. and her voice is amazing. and she's way sky high up. into the i mean she's on a plank. that's like also by the way. like super if she fell off no. more rihanna like like zero like zero more real. if she fell off just no. more shine bright like a diamond. shine bright like a diamond. zero more shining like a diamond. more just being in the dirt. really dark like dead okay so she's on this. plank and it's like wobbly and she's just sitting there just [ __ ] you know shine bright like a die. umbrella just killing it. i'm not doing too much. dancing because she's pregnant. i thought in the beginning. i was like oh she's not doing. too much dancing because she's on a plank. she can follow up and break all of her. but no the truth is. she revealed the bump but didn't even do a thing. like look at my bump she was just like i have a bump and i don't give a [ __ ] about y'all and that's super rihanna. and i love that. but then i'm like rihanna's doing. all that [ __ ] um and my wife is like can you get me. a lacroix and i'm just like i've been saying yeah. for like seven months. she's seven she's almost eight. months pregnant my wife and i'm like she's like hey could you make sure. the heat isn't and i and i get up and i go do it. and i'm like one more month. left which is like i gotta be doing all sorts. of [ __ ] but i'm just gonna go like this when she says hey chris can you get the salt or go or the postmates is here. can you grab it i'm just gonna go. like this rihanna hey why don't you shine bright like a diamond. and go downstairs and get it. you know what i'm talking. about i'm joking because i love her. and she's my angel but also on the comedy. tip why don't you saunter down there and and why don't you do that because this rude boy. is cool right now i'm just chilling. and you're actually right. she said but i'm eight. months but i say but rihanna. remember how she was really high up. in super bowl 57 or whatever. it was and now she could have died. what i'm talking about oh dude. every dude who had a pregnant. lady with them when they were watching the super bowl and rihanna did the [ __ ] [ __ ] and she's up there with seven months pregnant or however a month pregnant she was every dude does every dude like this to. their wife like this. but and she said well i'm not rihanna. and go but you could get the salt. right okay i'm just saying i know you don't and she's rihanna. i'm not asking you to. stand up on the plank. and sing 15 hits right. which i don't i don't think you should do. even when you're not pregnant. i think i'd be exhausting. i get that's rihanna you can't turn the air. on that's all i'm saying dude. i'm having a sympathetic pregnancy. though so how about when dudes and then and somebody at the time. you know it's a real thing. they say sympathetic pregnancies and they say oh. like the dude gets tired. too because of the because he nutted. in her six months ago. okay cool i'll buy that then who's getting. the [ __ ] tabasco i mean i'm talking about so anyway rihanna made me question about that because like people think somebody told me once that they thought that blue balls i think it was my wife. she said she thought blue balls. was a conspiracy that. guys just do it so they could be like ah. come on i need to. i need a release you know. i've never had blue balls myself. right but um she thought it was conspiracy. oh no no no no that's not what she thought. was a conspiracy she. thought it was a conspiracy. that when guys got kicked in the nuts. that it hurt she when she was younger. and i'm like no dude. it hurts so bad but i think it's a conspiracy. with what's going on with these you. know i saw rihanna dancing. on a plane what is she four. months pr five months pregnant. i started doing it okay. so all i'm saying is why are you making me. drive down to. get cold cuts when rihanna's dead. of the plague right i'm not the one. with the fat belly. but you know it's like shine bright. like a diamond go down. to ralphs we got the [ __ ] [ __ ] going on um there's a movie that i caught on i was on itunes. or whatever the [ __ ] they call. it now apple tv what are they not apple. tv the what's the thing where you. go can rent in the movies. it's not apple tv whatever it. is you know what i'm talking. about movies you just click on movies. for at when you have the apple app. right and you could just buy or rent movies. right and if sometimes it's like hey rent this movie for two dollars. and you're like oh cool. and then it'll be like rent this movie for twenty. dollars and you're like what but both. of them have matt damon in it. and you're like why and they're like well. because this one isn't available. for purchase yet and you're like none of this. makes any sense but whatever not a big. deal so i rent i see the thing on the suggested for you whatever and it's called skinamarink so i'm like i see the visual. that's captivating to. me of a little boy. upside down on the ceiling the ceiling is the floor. and the floor is the ceiling and the image is upside down and it it's grainy and it says skinamarink so i'm like the only thing this. could be is a horror movie. right because of the grainy footage because of how it's weirdly upside down and then the number one thing that is always in a horror movie a little boy so like you can't nowadays have a horror movie. without a little boy in. it you know that right. like it just doesn't happen. it's either the little boy is. not in it the little boy. is either the object. of the [ __ ] scariness or the little boy is the scariness and you don't know until the end. like that stupid movie identity. with john cusack so i go to. click the the trailer because i watch trailers. i need to see if it were my appetite. because i see on rotten. tomatoes at 71 with the rotten tomato. and which is a good thing. for rotten tomato. but also rotten tomato. we all know is absolutely. horse yank it's not. good rotten tomatoes either or only the haters voting on the thing. or all of the asians. that are excited about the asian. movies and that's why xinji or whatever. the [ __ ] that movie got 100 written and i looked at it and it was the worst marvel. movie ever seven ten rings whatever too many. rings right even lord of the rings didn't. specify it and it was just kind of one ring right. but xinji 10 rings you're just like all right. that movie was awful. and all the asians got on there. like oh finally this. is the [ __ ] asian one boom boom 100 rating. dude rotten tomatoes you got no. legs to stand. on now after that xinji 99. whatever okay but it's the dorks. that do it you know. or the haters spiderman far from. home get the [ __ ] far from my home. i'm not watching that so so now. i look at the skinamarink 71 raw. tomatoes now i'm like okay a real rating a real [ __ ] rating i can get by something that stuff that's the best. that is the best rating you. can get for rotten tomatoes is. 71 percent in my egotistical opinion. all right but i look at the preview. because i still want to. whip my appetite right. i see the 71 rating but i'm still like but should i actually. watch this should i pay the three dollars. for it of course doesn't matter. but so click the preview i'll watch the preview i don't know what's going on the whole time. i watch it the whole preview. the two minute preview i don't know what's going on the only thing i know is that it. looks creepy and these kids like can't. really find anything that they're trying. to look for so i my um friend is is over our friend. kristen and i a friend. and she says let's watch it. so i say really it's a real specific. watch you sure you want to. watch it or you want. to watch something where we can. just like veg out and she says i don't know. it looks cool so i say all right. i turn it on i turn it. on this movie skin armoring skinamarink it's so very weird. for 10 minutes it's got it's like basically a slideshow. it's showing pictures some of them. are moving but most of them. are not they're still well. they're moving pictures but of still things. it's like they're filming the side. of a wall somebody's feet the armrest. of a couch and nothing's. really happening there's a tv that's on. in the background of a cartoon with oldtimey music. which makes it creepy and then every now. and then somebody says something but you don't know. who's saying it because it didn't show. any faces yet and you don't really know. what they're saying because you can't. really hear it because it sounds. like this except for the fact. that sometimes there are subtitles. and they let you know. what the person sings so. i'm like okay this is very interesting. and i'm watching it for 10. minutes and i'm like hmm but also come on what's going. on here make it a little more. digestible is this a movie or is it. asmr because the whole movie sounds like this. and while that's happening you'll hear someone. do this now if you're alone. in your car and it's night. time that was probably a little creepy. right but that's what the movie. is and i'm watching it. at night and my our friend is there. and thank god okay kristen. has already went to. bed right because she's pregnant. and she goes to. sleep at like 9 30. now and she's not rihanna. you know what i'm talking. about so i'm watching this. with our friend and 20. minutes goes by haven't seen a face still pretty much. moving images of still things sometimes. a toy will come into. frame and like skip across the floor. where's boom and it says where's mom. on the thing and i'm like all right. look it is creepy but but also come. on make this a little more digestible. all right so i look at our friend. and i say you want to. keep watching this or what. and she says i don't know. so i'm getting no help. from her i'm getting no. help from the [ __ ] movie i'm just like stuck it's 30. minutes into this. movie the movie's an hour and a half. and i'm supposed to. start googling i'm like i gotta google. to see if it's so i google. why is skinnamarink so scary. and it comes up. and now people i see people saying this is the scariest movie of all time. i see people saying i've never seen. anything scarier i see people. saying there are horror movies. that's not what this. is this isn't scary. this is terrifying. so i'm like what so now i'm like all. right i guess almost i guess. i'm along for the ride. but i better start. seeing some faces or something. going on [music] and a picture of like a tricycle and i'm like all. right okay but i gotta i can't. lie if our friend left i'm turning something else on not because i'm bored. because i'm scared south park's gotta go. on after that because this looks like the devil. filmed this there are no shots outside. now so now i notice in the movie. all the doors and the windows. gone the house had doors and windows. then they're gone and now the kids. saying i don't know if we they can't. find their dad where's their dad. no clue so now. these kids are just in a room. in their house watching they don't know. where their dad is. they're alone and the tv won't turn. off so i'm like that's a scary. nightmare in a way right. it's like a nightmare in the way. of oh hey what was your nightmare. about not like this. kind of nightmare where you're like oh dude. i was at war and all. of a sudden i realized i was fighting. werewolves and the werewolves came and ate me. and you're like oh i get how scary. that is it wasn't a nightmare. like that it was like one. of those nightmares where you're like dude. i had this crazy nightmare. last night and somebody's like what. what was it about and you say. i was with like my grandma. or someone's grandma and it was my house. but the doors weren't there. and my grandma kept trying. to like make me pasta. but she was in the other room. and i wasn't sure if that's really what she was doing. but then also there was like this. pile of bricks and i somehow had to. eat them but i couldn't cut them. up so i had to. swallow them whole and you're like oh well that's way. worse than fighting. werewolves and how long were you. in the dream well they say dreams. don't last more than three minutes. but i know i was in there. for 11 years oh well. this [ __ ] purgatory i'd rather have werewolves. eat me than that. right so so now i'm watching this. movie i'm like this [ __ ] is really kind of creepy. i keep watching and an hour. in i [ __ ] you not zero faces. sometimes you see these children's feet you. just see the a lamppost. or like a foot of a bed. then the tv's on the back. and i'm watching for an hour. now i'm like hooked i'm like okay. well i gotta ride this out. and i look and they made the move for fifteen. thousand dollars and opening weekend i made two. million dollars and i'm like what and then i'm like oh the director was a youtube. guy who would make short. films about people's nightmares and then made this movie and now it's like got some sort of awards. and it's really doing something. i'm like oh my god so then about an hour. into the movie. i hear not just one. of the children's voices who. are alone by the way. i hear someone say s and on the screen. it says put the knife. in your eye and i go. huh well i'm not sleeping. tonight because then you see. the back of a kid. shake a little bit and you don't. really know what he's doing but then after about a minute. or two you realize oh that kid. probably put a knife. through his eye it shows more toys and [ __ ] and by the way i'm not gonna ruin the movie because you know why you can't if i told you every single thing that happened in this movie it wouldn't be ruined in the movie because you can't ruin the movie you can't spoil it it's just terrifying. the movie ended and our friend left. and then i was sitting there in the kitchen. and i said well i guess. i gotta go to. sleep now because i'm tired went to. sleep next to my wife. fell asleep woke up in the morning. forgot that i saw the movie. then when i remembered i saw the movie. i was i had this emotional. response with me that was a very low grade. kind of what the [ __ ] did i watch last night. it was all day then the next night. my wife went to. bed early and i was downstairs. alone and i was too. scared so i had to. watch [ __ ] south park this movie skinamarink is it is one of the creepiest. movies i've ever seen in my life. and i am i really want to. know what you think of it. i don't know if it's i guess. it's good because it made me. feel very very weird and it's very very scary. for zero reason okay and of course you know me. addicts behavior i went on the guy's youtube. page and i watched a lot. of his short films. they're all absolutely [ __ ] terrifying. so what the [ __ ] going on i have no idea but go see that movie skin. in my rank it's worth. three dollars to rent it um it's called. skinamarink too you know. skinamarinka rinky dink skinner rink. to do and then he purposely. called it skinnamarink not skidamarink because skidamarink is that children's. song and they didn't want kids. to google it and get the wrong. thing and then all of a sudden their what the kids. are watching with the northern roy mama what's the knife. in the eye scary [ __ ] bro. i love movies like that. because it's like you know it's not just like you can watch how many times can you watch. [ __ ] wakanda forever i've watched in the wakanda forever 11 times and i've never seen wakanda forever it's all the same [ __ ] as my point all right let's do a few i know it's uh a few but we'll do a few um what do you call it misconnections we got the thing here nice look at that oh wow we also got [ __ ] uh chat gpt jokes right here let's do those chat gpd. crystallia jokes this is chat. gpt you put in crystallia and something i think it's dinner parties. here it was the first one. and and i'm gonna do the bit. as i would do the bit. but i did not write this. chat jibi did this i have not read. these yet but i'm gonna do them. all right as in me alami. i'm really gonna do them. as i do them. like i'm not gonna halfass. it dinner party so dinner. parties dinner parties are like they're like a game of russian. roulette with food right you never let me start over dinner. parties are like you know what dinner. parties are like a game of russian. roulette with food you never know. what you're gonna get some nights. it's a fivestar meal other nights. it's a ball is cereal. and then there's always that one. person who brings storebought pasta salad. like come on man. we all know that's not. a homemade dude that's amazing. wow that's so bad and and i did it. right dude that's exactly how i would do. it all right i'll give you another. one this is jeopardy. uh meet chris chris's style of things. on uh gen on uh on jeopardy. um okay or ken jennings. maybe it was because i don't know what it. was ken jennings whatever. ken jennings on jeopardy. that guy's like a human. encyclopedia man i mean i google. things and i still i can't keep up. it's like playing a game. of trivial pursuit with a history professor. and the worst part is he's got that. poker face you never know. if he knows the answer if he's just bluffing wow. so [ __ ] not funny all right now crystallia. chat gpt they put in crystallia. and iphones one fire did this. here we go iphones man. they're like the new exgirlfriends they always want. more attention more updates and more money and every time. you think you've got them. figured out they go. and release a new model. it's like hey remember that. thing you had yeah it's outdated. now but don't worry you can. buy the new one for just a few. hundred bucks more wow. that actually is impressive. chat gpt can understand what a joke. is and that is a horrible. joke but also how did they do that. here's one on apple chris. dalia and chad gpd. apple same thing like an iphone's manufacturer here we go apple man they're like the cool kids in high school they've got the latest gadgets the silica's design and they've always seemed to. be one step ahead but look let's be real. all right they're just overpriced. computers with a fruit logo. i and don't even get me. started on their marketing it's like they're trying. to make a computer seem like a lifestyle. choice hey buyer computer and youtube. can sit in a sterile white. room and look cool dude. how do they know. how i would do that. that's bad a bad version. of me but also how do they know. i would do that also that's probably better. than 30 of this podcast. but um all good wow. we got to do. that every time that's unbelievable. that they did that how did they do. that she had gbt is. amazing we're done we're [ __ ] let's do a few uh things i gotta do another show here miss connections. here we go the man. who is on top of his. job marina del rey i'm looking for that. guy who was mature. has been in the business. for a long time and on top. of his job there's a little nugget spot. in that tunnel that needs. to be tested. and prodded and they need him to. know exactly where it is. and how it works. you have to. go slow or else it won't. work are you him [laughter]. dude you know why. exactly i mean we know. what he's talking about anal. right but why is he acting like he's they're looking for a a nugget. of [ __ ] that's disgusting. hey guy he's looking for excrement. like just be like hey guy. come do plumbing on. me why why so specific that's what why so specific that's this is like r. b how it gets so specific now. i'm looking for a guy. who's mature he has the business. for a long time head. on top boy point of his. job there's a little nugget. in a tunnel and he needs. to be intestine illinois. you have to. go slow or else it won't. work are you him dude. the little water drops. in it you know. well that's it for youtube. if you want to. catch the rest of the episode. the uncut the unedited the ad. free episode of congratulations. all you got to. do is go to. patreon dot com crystallia. and you can get that. and all the other episodes. what we do is we have one. episode extra a month. that you cannot get on youtube. you gotta be on the patreon. that's just six bucks. go do it right. now and you get all the backlog episodes. we have so many right. now we could go binge. them you know like it's uh the show. 24. and uh you know that's it. thanks guys [music]. foreign 