 [music] runk hey guys what's up. and welcome to. the episode i think 396. of [music] congratulations [music]. conat that's it play player player. player no digity player player. player player remember that um no diggity dude. uh congratulations yay it is a the olympics. are over they did it. the olympics are over. uh yay it is over. and you know it's over. because tom cruz jumped off the stadium they had a uh ending ceremony. which i guess they do every time. and in the ending ceremony. tom cruz jumped off of the stadium that everyone is in it. was in because of course he did. because he's tom cruz because he tries to. jump off a i feel like tom cruz tries to. jump off a building every chance he can get i think that he only does franchises where he's like well how many times can i jump off a building though like he can i look ride a bike. off a cliff same thing i want. to go from a high area. to a not high. area and i want to. do it myself i don't want. it to be a guy. that looks like me and so tom cruz does a lot. of jumping and it's because i mean at what you know. it it's the version of what. jeff bezos is doing going. outer space you know. it's just i got so much. money i've done everything. now let me almost die. like i'm like the guy the rich. guy who went down into. the look at the titanic. and it concaved and his insides. came outside that's that's just you know. you do risky stuff because you feel. like because if you're like me. if you're like me you feel like anything good you get you. don't deserve it and so. you have to. right yeah and that's something that we all kind of live. with deep down from childhood. or something like that i don't know what that what that. is but um i always feel like the other shoe. is going to drop. no matter what it is. but uh yeah so tom cruz jumps off. of a building because of course he does. and um i'm surprised he hasn't done. a movie just called building. jumper at this point honestly. or the way down um or no. he should have done a movie. called we this august. tom cruz [music] in um so yeah so the olympics. is over tom cruz jumped off to. the st that's what kind of life. these guys live you know. like just who got in touch with who in that. situation is is are the are are are the is is tom is tom cruz. just like hey this is probably a good moment. where i could jump off. a building right it's the end. of some and it's a huge thing. there four years i jump. or is it the french. in the city like ah but of course we can do. what what can we do. we can have have you. ever seen that tom cruz. movie yes we could have him. you know at the end just jump. off the stadium and then but of course you know um dude. how nice were they to. him when they were like getting when when he was like climbing. up top you know. the people roping him in and all that. sh how nice was everybody. to him you know just kissing his ass. and all that but he's tom cruz. of course and uh so the olympics. are over now um i feel like this. world in this world things. start happening not only does technology. get better and better at an exponential. like if you've seen ai. over the past three years. has been insane like it went. from the avocado chair remember. that to uh just straight up a person. that might be alive that it's a picture. of an avocado chair you. say hey the first thing. on in ai i was like hey can you make an avocado. chair and it it was like a cartoon avocado. chair and now you could just be like lady. doing a ted talk about [ __ ] bees and then it's just a lady talking at it and and you're like that's kind of an and and it's so real because it's like it's she's kind of attractive. but not really like they didn't like even ai. knows not to make her. b the bomb you know. like even ai knows to. make her a little a little frumpy. right like not like she might be dope but she'll you know have. bad posture ai is just in the background. just like no make them smaller. hunch her y y y hunch. her blem add blemishes y like dude. it's it's it's wild long. way from avocado chair huh. suckers y dude i can't. in three years they went. from a cartoon avocado chair to. this woman okay there it's on the screen. and it's just crazy in 3. years dude it's going. to be so they should just make the bomb. people the most attractive. people i don't when i go. to a movie you know. what i was watching uh the um planet. of the apes movie. the new one kingdom. of the of kingdom of the universe. of the town of the state. of the planet of the apes. and um just too many. of this in that movie. title you know just f. kingdom of the apes is. fine hey dude i fixed it hey i fixed it. how about just this. the apes fixed it the kingdom. of the planet of the apes. is such a it's such a [ __ ] you audience. we we it's such a pretentious title. and uh the guy who plays the main ape in that. movie no not not the good guy. the bad ape the main. bad bad ape is the guy. that i went on a hike. with in uh uh what whatever. the the hike is in. la runion where i i had to. take off my my pants run. into a bush and [ __ ] and i [ __ ] on the side of the trail and he was with me the main bad ape in that how hilarious is that so we're both a little bit like apes. if you think about it i mean he played. one and it was very believable. and then me i i mean. that's what apes do. they just kind of [ __ ] near a bush. so um and so anyway i'm watching kingdom. of the pl kevin durant is his name. not the basketball player. uh um how crazy is it. there's an actor kevin durant and a basketball star. kevin durant and then there's also michael jordan and michael b. jordan like and we're not living in the matrix. do you know what i mean. like they're like how is the it's like they're just reusing people. out there their names it's like a video. game with two many it's like you know that video game of with the asian that the asians tried to. make and they're like make it sound english. and it's like you know vil upchuck is. the name you're like that's not a name. dude it how how is michael jordan and michael b. jordan exist and then also kevin durant and kevin durant that makes no. that's crazy so uh but that's true. and so i watched play. the apes and i'm like you know. they have like that that that. the woman in it. um who plays the the woman. who i've never seen before. is a very you know. a they always get these pretty people. to play these roles and it's like you know you go. back and forth and you're like this. is so so silly i don't. this is so ridiculous like she come. on man she's doing all this. but then you're like well the movie is about talking apes. so you're like okay well that's not the unbelievable. part about it so uh and it's like just get the the prettiest. best looking people in the movies. i don't like i i want to. i want to. want to watch them. you know or interesting. looking i never want somebody. just average in a like like kenneth br. get him the [ __ ] out of any movie you know what i mean he's great. oh dude the guy can act circles around. many many legends hey dude. he's got no upper lip. and he's fine looking. get the [ __ ] out right he's not badl looking you know what he looks like oh um i forget he's got what kind of what does. he look like who is it. that that's how he looks that. guy get him out get him. out you know there's people who can eek by. like ke uh kevin bacon. he can be in it. he can be in hollywood. uh and then obviously the obvious. people got george clooney brad. pit and then the people who are interestingly weirdly. ugly looking like paul. giamatti but hey kenneth br. take a [ __ ] hike dude. you you you if you came in and robbed. the liquor store and every and then and then left with no. mask on and the cop. came in and was like hey so who did it. you'd be like i don't know. i don't know i i actually don't know well. what he look like uh i don't know. he looks like an actor that. would be good at like shakespeare. or some [ __ ] and then that would be what what they go. that would be what they would go. off of so only put the best. looking people so so ai. is going to piss. me off when they don't have the best looking people do the movies right. when they start making people that are just like average. dude ai you've done it. make the people make the men that make me jealous. and make the women that make me go. boy yoyo make the women that make me go. bracka kakak and the men i got man. crushes on i don't want to. see hunched over blemished you know. why is there a pillow. here i want to. see just great like dudes with chiseled jaws. always squinting women. with nice hourglass figures huge round. ones just ai just get us. used to it. dude get us used to. it so we never want. to go out in public. and see these ugly [ __ ] trolls. i don't want anyone even looking at me. and i think i'm all right. looking but i want people to. be like g e. i want ai to. get so good and make the people so the bomb. diggity that when i walk out i notice. how good ai is. getting because everyone's looking at me. going like this um so anyway uh i don't even know why. i started talking about ai. because i meant to. start talking about the uh the the woman the break. dancer in the olympics. whoops whoops whoops whoops she was in it. dude hey whoops she was in the olympics. whoops i was in the olympics. whoop whoops i you know. that that old uh tv movie. one day i woke up pregnant. one day i woke up in the olympics. dude hey honestly for real. the the the different i don't here's it. here's the thing don't just i went on. her instagram page it's like she has revamped the third. reich how people are treating her. it's like she just wrote um mine. comp 2 to. you know they they're just you son. of a [ __ ] people in the comments. you suck you took someone's spot. you should feel real good about yourself. you piece of [ __ ] you know just like it's hey dude it's just a lady trying to. dance you know and hey oh and reminder. it's the stupidest dance hey. reminder dude it's it's you know what i mean. it's the stupidest thing do. you know what i mean. shun and i can feel you dude. just but anyway she she she's so she is so bad. like let's just talk it's objectively bad she's like doing like kangaroo. shits like this you know. and and she came in 16th naturally. out of 16th and the judges gave her zero. okay worst score of the olympics. you know like if you could be in the biathlon. not stop skiing and by mistake. shoot your head off and still get a higher. score whoa whoops missed. the stop oh oh i got a one but the australian with a phd in break. dancing go [ __ ] yourself you know you know what you should only have a phd in being a doctor i don't you know when people are like i have a phd in animal. studies i'll do it walk. into the sea we don't need it. you know you know about animals. and that's great i got a phd in uh uh uh uh uh 1800 1800s. uh um traditional french music. walk into. the sea yeah so uh so anyway get all wet. in there so anyway um the uh so she was break. dancing and dude she started and it was like this. is bad okay and i go it's objectively bad. you know don't do kangaroo hopping in a break. dancing thing at all especially if you're white. especially if you're a white woman. you're going to get made fun. of now my friend texted me. today that was like did. you hear that australian break. dancer girl just did it. as a joke to. troll everyone because she wanted to. get a free trip and i'm like what in the kevin james. movie like it's a [ __ ] it's the olympics. h how does that work people there. are people out there. that that's what they're saying. like she was jo she was trolling. she just want a free. trip you know uh and to. get funded and like that's like a [ __ ] adam sandler movie like how does that hen. like dude but no i don't believe that. i i don't believe that. because it's still the olympics. it's still you have to. still be good could you imagine you. know it's it's like it's like kevin james is like well we're going let's try. out for the olympics. i got drunk he got drunk. one night and audition for the olympics. and then the next day. steven root calls him you made it. what i want you. got and a my and you know he's doing his stupid. [ __ ] on her way to. paris more bread for you sir on the [ __ ] like just the worst jokes uh that's a kevin james movie it's a [ __ ] you know it's like like that that didn't happen but but what i want to. know is i guess they're being like investigated. how she got into. the dude it's so funny. and she's a ph. here's how you know. someone's bad at break dancing. they have a phd in break. dancing walk into. the city right we can agree get your knees. all wet and hang out there. for 25 minutes right. and just [ __ ] right let people take pictures post online and shame you right but man that was some bad break dancing. dude dude my favorite my fav thing. that i mean i keep seeing people. post about it my favorite. thing is when they go is. is when they they post. her doing the um break dancing. and it it's over. the song that peter griffin does. where it goes. and then [laughter] another and then another um so i don't know it's like remember that. uh trump they tried to. assassinate him you know and it's like that. went away and now there's just the break dancer and that's going. to go away and then there was hak tua. and that went away she's holding on. strong though she said that. thing the other day. that was funny i can't remember what it. is but it's just like i love how everyone there. are also people who are if something gets big enough. in the news of there. is a version of people. that are just going going to. say and you know it's also racist. you know like with the australian lady. just dumb dancing they're like and not. to mention how it got so big that. people were like and not to. mention how racist. it is you know it's so so crazy. uh so trump got that. was a month ago. yesterday or today or something. um hope he's healing up. from that you know. i never anybody to. get shot i never want. anybody to get shot um it's so funny. that break dancing was already. they go ah psyche not for not they're not doing. it in 2028 dude 2024. that lady did it so so bad. that they go ah i can't. bring this back this. year was like finally break dancing. in the finally they get represented. and they've done so much and finally and then oh here. goes the teacher from australia. oh [ __ ] never mind uh break dancing. is not going to. be in it for the 2028. all good and then another dude. there's flag football in it. you know hey hey update it. hey dude dude when i see hey update it. better you know dude. all the olympics you know. what it needs an update. it needs [ __ ] snow. leopard you know the [ __ ] like i'm sorry. but like running with a long. pole you know like let me describe this hey hey we're going to. do um pole vaulting oh well imagine when it came out. what is that okay. so check this out we're so a poll. that's long and the guy's like this. long no no no no no no dud no. no like a long one. like this long no. dude you're not thinking right. it's got to. be too long what do. you mean like this long like as big as my body. my wingspan dude no you're frustrating. me man it has to. be even bigger than that. like twice my size dude. you're pissing me [laughter]. off and they're like dude. it's going to. be all floppy and they're like exactly. it's got to. be long so so long to. where if it hit the ground. while you were running. by mistake you'd completely obliterate yourself. you'd hurt yourself beyond belief. okay and it's got to. be so long that it's floppy and okay. and then so and what you race. with it no race. with it uhuh no. now check this out there's a bar. right and they go like a bar. like what do you mean. like like a bar like in the air. yeah like a bar you jump. over and i go oh [ __ ] okay uh all right. so what's that like knee. height and they go no dude. it's bigger than that it's taller. more in the air oh chest. height dude you're really starting to. piss me off why don't you. just let me say how big it. is and they go well. certainly it's a little bit. over your head no dude. you're making me angry. it needs to be the size of a building. that the animals from the video. game rampage would go up. uh okay yeah and then run full speed. with the dangerous floppy big. ass thing that's way. too big and you got to. get as soon as you run. into that area. where the bar is you. you jab the [ __ ] sharp thing. into the now you jab it. in the now here's the greatest. part about this is it's very hard. okay it's very hard it's very unnecessary. to do you don't ever. need to pull vault you know. uh and you you you you then you dig. it into the ground. and you fling yourself. up over the over the bar. and whoever can do it. the highest wins now here's the best. part you're going to. hurt yourself so bad. for seven years trying and then you're going. to win by an inch you know what i'm talking about. and they go and then and then the 10. people he said to. go like this well that's got to. be in the [ __ ] olympics. what is it dude. it's like they were just stoned oh give them. a thing make it too long. no now make it even longer. dude not way longer man. and then they woke up the next day. and they're like what the [ __ ] how long did we make [laughter]. this it's got to. be bendy dude. and so but like up. like take that out take that. out take [ __ ] uh uh uh break dancing should have never been in it but that's way better. than you know the other shot put get it. out hey anytime dudes are spinning around get it that's get it out update it. dude the javelin throw too. basic updated it make it you know. what you put in the olympics. dude hey judo get it. out you know what you put in there jiujitsu. you put football you keep basketball. in it you have tennis in it. and then you go home. it's five events you don't. get cute with it there's like surfing and [ __ ] [ __ ] get out dude you go do tennis you do baseball basketball football rugby uh uh you know what the [ __ ] fencing put your swords back go home and then you go you go home dude shot put just big fat guys throwing a [ __ ] weight around you know so they added flag football like for what dude to. do for for who 50 year olds. like guy no and it's for guys. just out of college. that are still living at home. that went back to. their hometown everybody uh that uh left and went to. uc davis um or villanova and then moved back. to where they're from and they play. flag football for the olympics. so that's for who is america. we've got jeff uh steve. mark david and terrence and they're just our flag. football team they're guys who went. to different colleges. and then moved back to. their hometown have no business in the olympics. just like flag football here. we go oh his knee. popped okay he's out all right. the game's over um but anyway uh it's so funny. break dancing is just gone well with the uh yeah all right. whatever who [applause] cares. hey just want to. take a break and let you know i will be in texas. this weekend witchita kansas. this weekend oxnard uh california. i'll be there later. on in this uh this week this. month and then i got some bunch of other dates. in texas chris dot com. i just added uh toronto. everyone's been on me for toronto. it's been i have not played. toronto proper in a very long time. i'm playing a lot. of outskirts of toronto. this is all new material. if you have come to. one of those spots. this is all new this. is a new this. is straight out of the multiverse. crystalia this is a new hour. that i'm doing come to. toronto it's on sale now get the good tickets. that will sell out toronto. is uh a great. market uh so i will be there and bismar north dakota never been there. of course and i'm coming there. so go to chris dot com. lexington kentucky thunder bay duth minnesota. london ontario peterboro uh ontario. go to chris dot com. and get those tickets. now back to the show. bro is kevin soro real. it it he's saying so many things on twitter. that are like when it when it when it when it when it comes. right down to it. on paper it's something that looks way. over board in his way. racist but also doesn't mean he's racist. you know what i'm talking. about and it's twitter and he's just writing dude. it's so funny that isn't he k. you know wasn't he [ __ ] what was the other one. that he was the m big one. hercules and krw the conqueror dude. how about the fact. that he was hercules and crawl the conqueror. hey hollywood get a clue. um so kevin sorbo tweets. just like some guy in like oklahoma if cala really is black. have her say the nword. let the people decide for themselves. now that could be just a joke. it doesn't mean he's racist. it's certainly it's certainly going. to get some people thinking. well that's racist okay so. lesie 007 whoever that is decided to. she's a a verified. account decided to. reply what the [ __ ] she's half. jamaican and half indian that. makes her biracial she is both. your request to have her say. the nword is disgusting. and weird and then tarnished 37. that has no avatar and is not verified. replied to her. with with shut up [ __ ] so that's pretty. much the country honestly in a nutshell is a celebrity saying something another random person. saying hey you can't say that. and then somebody who is anonymous. telling that person to. shut up and then calling them. like using a def defamatory remark i mean. this is just it's so funny. how like elon musk. is just like yeah free. speech and yeah free speech but also the mental. uh just social media. is the thing that exposed how many people have uh i mean. severe mental illnesses you know it's not because you have a twitter account that you're crazy and you shouldn't not have a twitter it's it's the fact that people are like honestly read anything that anyone says and take it with any sort of meaning kevin sorbo or not keev from kevin sorbo to. tarnished 37 they could both be. the crate to. they could literally be the two craziest people. on the planet you don't know. you don't know kevin storeo could be a step. away from yelling out you know on the street. corner hollywood and highland. matter of fact tarnished 37 could be kevin. sorbo you know what i mean. like the fact that anybody believes or takes. stake in anything any anybody. says online is absolute bonkers. to me i catch myself. too i'll read i'm like i'm sometimes. i'm reading [ __ ] people are saying i don't even know who the person is and i go yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's true what the [ __ ] but then i go wait a minute me hold on you're getting tricked just because you're reading this doesn't mean it's true just cuz someone typed this doesn't mean that person doesn't have retardation right and there's nothing wrong with that but you got to. understand where it's coming. from this guy scott adams says who is this. guy by the way the dilbert. guy oh yeah yeah yeah the guy who got they they go. hey hey no more dilbert. the guy just goes what did. he say i forget what he says. it was like something about asians. or some [ __ ] he's just like [ __ ] it [ __ ] this [ __ ] whatever he said whatever he said everyone called him a nazi for you definitely know that happened you you know we're at the stage now where you can park wrong and people are like well you're trying to. you're part of the third. right that's why and so scott adams is the guy. who created dilbert and they they he said something. on twitter and they were like yo no more. dilbert which they should have said let's face. it 40 years ago. only because of how regular and basic. dilbert is the uh kenneth br. of comic strips dude. hey how about this how about this. comic strips that's as outdated. as the [ __ ] shot put all right. so and i don't i you know. scott adams should be able. to say this a hundred times. you shouldn't have to. you just everyone please understand. hey the fact that he said this. doesn't matter i'm still on. do me dude he said this. women don't are dude he's a cartoonist you know. that's hilarious he said women. w first of all starting a tweet as a guy. with women you're you're [ __ ] right. because immediate you get you get women. saying well okay let's see how do you know. right which i don't i believe he can you can know. even though people think you can't he says women. don't understand that the civil war. already started men live in a continuous. state of violence we size up. every threat and have a tentative plan to. kill it first we live that war. and it never stops you made dillbert hey guy imagine this [ __ ] women don't understand. civil war already started men live in continued state of violence. we size up every threat. and have a ten plan a killer. first we live in that war. and it never stops anyway anyway. thought bubble hey dilbert. dilbert insane dude everyone's so. insane i love it they got joe. rogan uh walking back how he he i guess. he's he said he he said rfk. yay but he's been saying rfk. he said it a while ago. and then people are like maga people. are coming after him and then he's like well no that's not necessarily rfk. maga went nuts on. him um i don't know. what's going to happen. uh if trump loses you know i don't i don't know i don't know what's going to. happen i don't know who's going. to win but my gosh we are in i'll tell you what we're in for it. it's going to. be very confusing i'm just i i'm i'm you know. no matter what there's going to. be problems right some is going. to burn down some some stuff. people are going to. die that's crazy um but at least there's whole foods you know. you can go get some stupid. salad and make it all better. for a little bit that. isn't even good that cost. $36 you can go to. aroan you know um dude. craw the conqueror let's do this. guys it's welcome to. the most [ __ ] up tick tock of the week. uh oh the most [ __ ] up tick tok. all right here we have it. uh this guy guy who is an absolute cartoon called. lucas poppin uh he's basically johnny. bravo here we go r. r wakey wakey get up. of f get off your couch. stop feting on your phone stop playing. video games you're wasting time. we got g to. make we got money to. make we got bills to. pay so get up. get up and stop wasting time. i'm fired up baby gna. die when he's 32. dude it's unbelievable every song is the same. now every song is that song. every song is just every song i hear. i listen to. dan go now danny go. is on youtube and he's just i mean. you know what danny go. is like i don't know if you guys. know who danig go is. you probably do he's very su's very uh busy. youtuber and it's for kids. and and hey i got a four and a halfyearold and a oneyearold. and they both are mesmerized by. him so he's getting dude. if you can get one to. five oh [ __ ] dude i mean if you can get one to. five dude honestly if you can get one to. five if you can get one year. my son dude now billy is just like uh duh. duh pointing to. the tv he wants like he's nell. du like he's uh like he wants to. watch uh danny go that's what he says danny. go and danny go go. just 855 billion views and dude. it's just and and and and i'm like oh you want. to watch danny go. and he's just like duh. and then calvin's all just like hell yes. and i mean the guy's got he's got to. be rolling it dennyo is the kind of guy. that watched blippy and goes like this. you're a [ __ ] fruit cake dude. i got this from here. on out and he put on an aviator c and just the music. that the guy does. i'm telling you right. now i'll listen to. it in my car it's like uh about you. know take out the trash. move in a trash. can and you're just killing. it dino dino movement. dino movements and you're just [ __ ] danny. go you go yes and i almost bought danny go. merch the other day and i didn't because it wasn't the right. time that it came out. he said it's going. to be available actually now i think about it. it was yesterday and i probably missed. out i wanted a danny go plushy and i guess my son's not getting that so um danny go if you hear this i know it was limited and you probably don't have anymore. but if you got one laying around. the house send it on over. um and uh but blippy i did not like blippy is just hey guys blippy makes you kids. grow up and become you know like like just like people who have just you know like like don't talk. dude i i have one friend that talks to. my kids like that. hey what's up and i'm just like bro. he's a remember he how he'll grow up. to be a person. i don't want him to. grow up to. be [ __ ] grover dude hello like don't do that. and i have to. have a talk with that guy. and um danny go has a little of that but blippy has it in spades and danny goes just like he watch he goes okay all right that's enough blippy and then they changed blippy because the one blippy [ __ ] all over the other guy and had it on tape and they were like okay i guess we'll get a one that you can't tell if he's asian or white and then so they got that blippy and then after that danny go goes no not cutting it i got it from here give me the aviator's cap give it to. me come on here we go. sharks in the water just a song. about sharks just killing. it and he's good man. um david's uh sullivan was over. the other day you know. my friend that i talk about a lot. here and uh man my my calvin. and billy are getting so funny. the the calvin just i said yo. so david farted in the kitchen. and i walked over. and i sat down and i started playing with calvin. and i said david farted. over there and calvin goes like this. this is exactly what he said. he goes like this he looks at me. he says what the [ __ ] oh i didn't say it. i didn't say it i'm so sorry. i'm so [laughter] sorry and i'm like i laughed and he was like no. i'm so sorry i was like buddy. it's okay if you say it. just don't say it around. you know other kids and other adults. cuz some people they take it the wrong. way if you say it at home. i don't care you know. it's all good my son's got. such a weird thing about getting. in trouble he's never been in trouble. he's such a good boy. this is how trouble he's got into. hey none of that come on stop that's. the most i've never yelled. at him i've never yelled. at him and he's always like am. i in trouble i'm like dude. i wonder where that. comes from dude kids are who they are. immediately like if calvin sees blood he's just he goes like this. oh it's the end of the day. now i'll see you guys tomorrow. i that's too much for me. like dude it it could be 10:30. a.m. and he goes like oh dude. you get a little you get a blister. show him a blister. and he's like oh okay okay i know you think it's thursday. now i'm going to go. to sleep till friday oh. all good like he can't. stand on the side. of it and it's like that. was just in him from jump. he didn't know what it. was in the beginning and so it's crazy. how you're just who you are. like calvin's just funny and you could tell already. billy's one he today. he's for uh he's uh what is he uh. six 16 months and you can already. tell the guy the kid. is just going to. be he you can already tell he's going. to be one of those guys. that goes like this. i guess and i'm just like oh man. no i'm have to. have a st talking to. him he's already going to. be a guy you know. he's going to be one. of those guys that's just like that. like will hug you and be like oh man. you been and just smack. your back too hard and you're like oh that's actually really hurt. when billy does that um anyway uh it is what it is. i'm a dad smoking. no party no entertainment no video. games no distractions no fast food. no hookups no scrolling no netflix. no junk food no negative. people this place is something. different they removed everything. that's not making men grow. when you enter the bali time. chamber the only thing to. do is train consistently eat healthy. food do saers network youring. to the down a read books. exchange knowledge learn new. skills take time to. think and plan for the be gay. a little bit because no women. are there so you'll definitely [ __ ] a guy if you ever. had those in entrepreneurs from all. around the world entrepreneurs part of it. no dude what's up with like boot camps like that. where like men go to. and then they do you see the one. where they're all in the like the the the hot. springs just holding each other crying. hey guys go to. work hey guys start a business. hey hey guys don't take a break. and if you do take it with your family. hey if you're going to. take a break bring your family. somewhere don't go cry in a river. with a bunch of guys holding. you all good done. well i hate that voice. that tik tock voice. no chicks no nothing your penis. is strapped down chastity. belts all you do are. chinups and squats that's all. you do and you eat only meat. we're on a carnivore diet. everything in this environment was designed. to help men grow no. women no alcohol no drugs no smoking no party no entertainment okay no video games. is the next one. it gets so no video games. no distractions no fast food. no hookups no scrolling no netflix. you said no chicks that's redundant. no hookups well i guess if the people are gay. no junk food no negative. no junk food different they removed. everything that's not making god how much would you go. there and it would be horrible. you would just look at these [ __ ] things. i don't really no women. no distractions no procrastination no junk. food no smoking no drinking. no gaming no negative. people no entertainment no scroll. i mean no entertainment. you know no fun don't talk. you get tased if you look at someone um anyway i don't i don't know about that kind of [ __ ] it's like just be just i guess some people need that [ __ ] they need to. get whipped into. shape and i don't mean shape like muscular shape. i mean just um just head shape. you know uh but congratulations if you go to. that oh you know it. cost $20,000 too and it's for it's for two. weeks all right i want pp. so we're back sorry guys uh um i was in i was in i usually start. talking about on the podcast. what i did this week. i i didn't this week. but you know we do whatever. we want we have a good. time i was in memphis. actually i did a show in memphis. um and it it was so much. fun here it's weird. because i the the these so i don't i don't know what's going. on but like apparently there were like people trying to. cancel the show in memphis and and actually no i didn't know. this okay and so i said to. my tour manager i said. yo man because i would i'm just going. to do the memphis. show uh and i was like man. oh and memphis is like the hardest. t um what do you call. it um uh market for comedy. at least for me it's terrible. all across the board but like it's very hard. to sell tickets in memphis. so i i was i i i'm like oh i'm not going. to be selling that many tickets. it's one show i'm going to. go out there for maybe and i've never done. this ever i've never done. this i'm like maybe i'll just wait no. i have done this. but i'm like maybe i'll just maybe i'll just cancel the show. and just hang out with my family. you know not not too many. people might miss it. you know because it's a it's a not a great. market for me and uh whatever and then so i called my my tour. manager um and he said oh i don't think you should do that i said why he was like because uh the the the people who own the theater really want you there and there were people that were trying to. cancel the your show and the guy like went to. bat for you he was like [ __ ] [ __ ] off i'm going to. put whatever i want at at the theater. so i was like oh dude. oh we're doing the show dude. oh we're doing the oh now. i can't wait for the show. cuz i i wanted to. i was like maybe i'll cancel it he said that. i go oh dude. that show's happening and i went. and i performed for less people than normal. because of how it's a it's not my market um and bro. i'm like i'm going to. give these people the best [ __ ] show and i went out. and i did it's so when people like protest somebody coming to. your city to do standup. it's such [ __ ] [ __ ] because there's hundreds or thousands. of people that want to. see that person la uh they're they're dying to. see that person some people are dying to. see that people those people and they want to. just laugh they have [ __ ] up lives they're in memphis. you know this one murder capitals. of of america and there's so much crime. and they just want to. [ __ ] take a day off or or or or or laugh with their loved ones. and they want to. they want to. see they want to. they want to. they want to. see they want to. see a comedian they like or a musician they like and then there's people out there. that want to. take that from them. they want to. just be like well no he's not. we think that even though. we don't know this. person we that it's not good. to have him in our city. and it's like dude you've got no. he got no out there. you've got no idea you've got no. idea and and and it's so egotistical to. just be like well no we got to. pro test when there's people who just want. to [ __ ] laugh dude life is so hard wa i'm going to. come to the city. i'm going to make people laugh. i'm going to [ __ ] leave you know you think i want. to live there i tell you i had the best. burger i ever had in my life. at ties and the people were awesome. in memphis and and and i will now i will always come back. to memphis because of that uh because of the people that were like complaining so it's one of my favorite cities good. i did the show and i can't wait. to come back i'll go. to the same venue. i don't give a [ __ ] um i and and and and now i'm booking. more shows when that happens. i book more shows period. that's it it's about capitalism. dude if people are going to. keep coming out to. the show then i'm just going. to keep booking shows uh. because it's just i i you know. that kind of stuff fuels me. it's like haters have to. fuel you dude so i [ __ ] had a blast at that show and i um i the first 20 minutes i was just talking about memphis. uh i went to. this burger place. i got there first of all denny the guy. who i denny love. upcoming comedian killing it. uh he features for me a lot of the time uh and he went to. memphis a day early and i was like he he texted. me the day before i left. for memphis and he said hey i'm in memphis. already i went a day. early see you when you get here and i texted back. why and he said it's a lit. city i wanted to come. out and see it and i was like whoops you made a mistake. uh all right that's it. for the rest of the episode. that was the youtube version. for the rest of the episode. you are going to. uh for the rest of the episode. you you want to. go see it go to. patreon support us on patreon. it helps you are the reason. you patreon subscribers the reason. that this show exists it. wouldn't without you thank you. for that go to. patreon dot com christalia you can go see. every other episode of congratulations. ever in its entirety you could see the full. versions you can see the extra. episodes that we've released we've got one up. there with brian ken we've got one. up there with kristen i think we've got one. up there with we got a bunch up. there every month there's like 40 of them. out there that don't exist. in the real world and only exist. on patreon so patreon dot com. christalia go check that out. thank you very much and don't forget. dude toronto bismark i went on sale. uh so check it out. uh we've got the code. the local code is let's see. it was uh multiverse and then the local. code is uh um you can put in multiverse. or you can put in uh another one. what is it i can't. find it oh here it. is uh it is comedy. all capital uh so either want. to work depending on what day. you do it um so come see me. in toronto and bismar and a bunch of other places. thanks a lotu [music]. 