 [music] runk hey memphis i'll be there right. now actually saturday get tickets. christ dot com dallas. texas witchita and oxnard california. i'm coming macallen texas bowmont texas bunch of bunch of spots. man just go to. chris lea dot com and like and subscribe. to the channel and also this. is the 390 something video. uh uh um uh episode of congratulations. [music] yeah dude uh i've had the a team. song stuck in my head. for months and i don't even know. why i haven't heard it. that's the kind of thing you'll hear driving. by though and like it'll just get you. in your subconscious that's why i believe in the mentalist. and stuff like that because you can. trick people to. do things i i know. just by getting in their subconscious. uh i guess i don't know i think right. because why is the a team. song stuck in my head. for no reason after 30. years it's pretty pretty awesome huh. you know theme songs. used to be just absolutely. you know what they were bitching just and they went. they stopped being bitching when the word bitching went out. of style just it's that one. it's that it's that that slide. dude it's that slide. that's just absolutely killer it's absolutely. f f uh french k what is it. french kiss chef's kiss. french kiss is the french. kiss is the where you stick. the tong you know what it. is it's french kiss it's you. sticking your tongue in someone's mouth. and making out with them. and just scooping saliva wow. we're already bonkers but you know. i think that that one. was good um and a bunch of other ones. were just killer the air. what was it air what what did. you say air uh ivan air fox airwolf. airwolf right how go again. oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that one. was just awesome you could also make a a show. called airwolf in the 80s. you know it couldn't be air. wolf now i mean. maybe it would be it could be but you'd have to. get like honestly scott baula in it. or something you'd have to. get a guy that was around. in the 80s if it was a new guy. it would be weird you' just be like it. doesn't make sense they'd probably get some like [ __ ] alt comedian. to do it you know. and you'd just be like what is this. and is this all inside. jokes you know uh speaking. of comedians man i did. this i put this uh post up. about crowdwork comedians no. no no no i didn't that's let me. actually take that back i put up. a post about people who do bad crowd. work honestly i i'm not a crowd. workor comedian i do a lot. of crowd work i post. clips i do crowd work. if it happens i don't really look. for it um some comedians are really good. at it uh and some comedians got famous. off of being really good at it. and that's a talent. you know uh matt re is great. there's other great guys. who do it there's just a ton. of them that guy uh jeff. curri i think was his last name. how you pronounce it uh is great. and um it's so funny because i posted. this thing about how comedians look here's what happened. comedians got successful off. of this crowd work stuff. then you get the bunch of people who are the copycats that try. to do it that some of them. are just have no business. posting these clips. and i get it if you're like a comedian. that is somebody that doesn't really do crowd. work but you're you're already successful. and you're like well if i post crowdwork. clips i i'll sell tickets. that's fine and if you're a professional. creed comedian you're probably not you're probably not what happened. i can't hear myself. is it okay can you hear. it you're probably not bad at. crowdwork because it's one. of the skill sets you need as a comedian. um but these guys who are just straight up. and dude i got heat for this. straight up dog [ __ ] will just post stuff cuz that's what they think people are doing and of course there has to. be those people because then you need to. have those people because if you don't have that. then good doesn't good comics. don't exist but people were like oh crystal leah. bash is crowd work comedians and it's like no the bad ones there's being good at crowd workor is unbelievable. and it's and it's and if you're good. at it that's a talent. um but my god dude. people are like you pro. you post crow work. material yeah dude. i'm good at it it's it's just i've developed. it i've i've i had to. play [ __ ] 1:00. a.m. at the comedy store every night for years. for six people so you don't do mater you don't go. up there and you say so bottled water's. crazy huh well it's in sinks you. know you can't just hey yeah boy. they they figured out. a way to market everything. nowaday they're not going to. laugh so you got to. sharpen that tool and a lot of these comics. haven't and they're just at some open. mic in you know some coffee. shop in noo and they're like got the clip. and they put it up. and it sucks donkey balls. and it's and look dude. that's just yo it's subjective. that's what i think okay. so this whole thing about being offended. at uh you know no. no being offended has always been around. the taking things personal about something. that isn't personal is wild. now a lot of times it's hard. to distinguish is that personal. or not but how can you look at someone performing. on stage and be like oh this. is about me especially when you have a few. followers great my wife's using the printer why is the printer going stop it and um but yeah the whole. thing was bonkers bonkers bonkers and so. uh whatever just do keep doing. crowd work keep trying to. get good at it it's the po. it's you know what it. is it's the feeds when you keep go. clicking you go where you from. are you if you follow like four comedians cuz oh then it'll be in the algorithm. so you just get stuff. that isn't your uh you don't that. you don't you know when they change instagram. about how it's not chronological. is not who you follow. now they're just sending you [ __ ] like i'll see an instagram about a guy fixing a house. for some reason like i give a [ __ ] cuz my wife said hey i think we need a new uh maybe we should look into. getting new floors and now the the powers. that be heard that apple. heard it and now just i've got like you know. here's what you do when you're flooring. so i don't know um i just i'm we're up. in arms because of honestly. the craziest thing that's happened. all week is the honestly. i so there was the hawk tu a girl. right great cool how did that become such a thing. is what i think when i see that. and when i see something like this. i think how did this not become such a thing. because it became a thing. but not such a thing uh the guy. who pole vaulted and lost because he knocked the pole. off with his dick. he straight up dude. he was making it and his penis. went like this his penis. said you know what his penis. did what a dog does. when you stop petting it. try to find the pole. to knock it just go. penis goes yep you've been neglecting. me oh hey that's how you tell he's gay. by the way and you didn't even know but it's just there will be signs. you know what i'm talking. about like that meme i you know. i won't come out of the closet. but there will be signs. and then the dude. see penis sees a pole. up touch it penis. touching ps out here dude and and he just knocked it. up over dude and that. is 100% better than winning. the [music] olympics. if you can't parlay that into. a deal with trojan or something honestly dyson. anything out there if you can't parlay that into. a a mattress sit and sleep. at anything you're the guy who knocked. the pole over because your johnson was 9. in you know what he should have. went on the way down he should have went oh my 8 and a half. god damn it my nine and a half. should have taped it. upright like it's getting choked should have had it. come out of my waistband like it's getting. choked his penis goes still got it. bro that is so awesome. man i'd be like if a chick did it. and her and her tits got it oh dude. i'm too oh i knew. i was too well endowed on the way. down he should have man. that is so funny oh my yogurt. slinger what if he just said that. on the way down dude. or or this is what he says on. the way down even [laughter]. flaccid um yeah dude wow that got you. know that's like that joke. where it's like hey dude. your nose is so big. you know you got to. the your nose got whatever. the [ __ ] it is you know what me i can't do the joke. it's so bad but it's just my nose. got to the meeting. 5 minutes before i did. or whatever that joke. is it's literally that joke. ah the penis got to. the pole not me guy. had a bulge how did he it's so it's awesome. uh uh uh who which one's the guy. oh he got a porn offer this. guy got a porn offer is that what you're saying. to me wow there you go. but no turn it into. like honestly turn it into. a like for real you could get a a straight up. daytime talk show out of this. like don't do porn be like like be on the same. time as the view on the other channel. and just absolutely slaughter them. right and just be the guy whose dick. was in the way call it. change your name to. dick and call it dick. in the way this guy's awesome. anthony amira of is he italian oh he's is he from italian or french french okay of oh oh dude he just goes oh knocks it off on the way down but of course [laughter] dude paul vter anthony amarati manhood might be blocked from olympic glory but it could now help him in a girthy payday when an adult entertainment company offering the french athlete a whopping 250k dude you can get more than that to. show off his famous. junk on camera [ __ ] oh i wonder. what if i said if that happened. to if i if i did that if that happened. to me cu i'll tell you right. now he might have a big. penis but i bet. i bet i bet i give him a run. for his money dude i bet. if we were staring at. each other and we're both half. full half erect i don't want. to get demonetized but half erect however. you say it staring at each other. and we kept walking towards each other. the tip of my penis. would touch his belly before. his touched mine that's all. i'm saying and then i would go like this. look at him and go but of course um oh no. i would look at him. and say failed again. um so emira failed. to reach the finals after finishing 12th but cam. soda vp you know. cam soda. darren parker was looking to. turn the whole thing into. a positive saying if it was up. to me i' had award. for yeah dude i mean but he could turn it. into a daytime daytime talk. show and just go up. against the view dick in the way. um i saw i saw trap. dude i went to. see trap the movie the ight shyamalan. movie now let me tell you something. right now i haven't been to. the movie theater for me. for for a movie i wanted to. see since oh it was nope. nope was the last one. now i'm remembering before. that i honestly think it. it was before co. that's how long ago. it was so i told this. to david and he was like no. you've been for cal. and i was like oh yeah dude. i did i see l. lot of crocodile i saw. that i saw uh whatever the one. with super pets was maybe. i've seen three two two or three um and so anyway i have whatever. you don't care about that. but that's just me keeping it. just bone dry real right. and um and so i saw the movie now let me just say this. okay it's fun to. go to the movies. nobody was there okay it's fun. to go to the movies. it's act i didn't realize it. was 10 dude it's 10. p.m. i go like this sunday. night i go like this. [ __ ] it i'm going called up the homies. uh i i got i i they they they met. me there late by the way um brent and david came brent moren. from my my one of my buddies. from the old uh you know undated great. standup comedian and david sullivan great. actor who's fat and it is um and we we did. we went to. the movie dude brent is just. like bro i don't know if we have enough time. though and i go i'm i'm going. and he's like and i'm like why. why by the way. why there is enough. time the previews are 20. minutes dude have you been to. a movie lately the previews when they give you a time. i know this is an old this. is already this has been this. way but i haven't been in many movies. you don't have to. go at the time hey movies have a new time. what you you're this. is old right. what we say i mean. for oh not me i thought. you i mean i thought you were saying. something no no i just laugh. oh got it but have a new. i thought you were saying like but have a new actual time. dude hey movies you didn't start. then it's okay if you have two previews but you didn't did. you hey dude uh it's okay if you have uh a few previews for some movies. coming out but you didn't did. you dude first of all you got trivia beforehand and guess. what got them all. they're the easiest they're the dude. it's like pretty woman who was it. angela lansbury julia roberts or jean. carlo esposito and you're like b. and then it's like yep. and then you wait for the movie. to start dude the movie gets pushed. back so [ __ ] by the time you see josh hartnett's. face untrapped you could have seen pocahontas. dude pok is 1. hour and 10 minutes dude. i know that yes you know. why because they make cartoon shorter. so they can fit more in the day. so they can make more money. and more kids will go to. them yes dude so i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm at the theater. i answer all the trivia and [ __ ] nail it. and by the way dude. they also have like weird. things like interviews with jeff. daniels about the movie. speed and you're like hey play trap you're like hey that movie. came out 900 years ago. number one and number two interview. k reeves about it you know that's one of those. movies you watch you go oh yeah i guess jeff. daniels was in that. and then you have no questions. for him all right. so the movie starts. but oh but oh but it doesn't because the lights. dim oh okay so then the pre oh by the way. they played the preview. with the lights on like a son of a [ __ ] like oh hey like they're like yeah we know we know it's not the real thing we'll keep the lights. on you still better have. your anti we're wetting your. beak is all we're doing we we we'll start. playing some stuff not the actual thing. the lights they're going to. stay on and then they play my favorite is. they'll play first of all they'll start. with just like commercials. of of of just you know. what the the main subject. of a commercial in a movie. theater is a straightup dummy. you know what i mean. like it'll be a commercial. first of all for the place that you're already at they'll. be like come on a regal cinemas. and you're like i'm in regal cinemas. dude yeah but stay live here come. on down to. regal cinemas and don't forget you can get popcorn and soda and hot dogs and you know nacho cheeses and get a vcr. while we sell vcrs and stickers stickers of the movie. speed jeff daniel stickers and and and and you're like so. don't forget visit the concession. stand and you're like i already got my [ __ ] dude and i ate it all because it's been 40 minutes so anyway you're watching a so then the previews start to. h happen and and then they'll be like three previews of movies. like the movie you're seeing which which is mah. chef's kiss or french. kiss honestly it's i'm gonna start. doing that it's h. french kiss so dude. it's it is dude. because you go i'm here. to see this movie i like movies. like this so here we go. here we go hollywood. what you got in the pipeline. all right and then movies that start. showing you movies and and this is this. is you in the previews you go. now you're a little bit steam and mad. because of all the stuff that already happened. you they're showing you commercials. of places that you're already in. you know and it's like they show. commercials hey clothes buy. clothes and you're like i'm in clothes. right i i i don't need to. be targeted for that. i have them so then the and you watch the preview. and you and and it's the first time. where your anger kind of subsides. because you're like all right. oh yeah i would see this. movie with this movie with hugh grant. and those two chicks that think that he's going. to kill him and they're trapped. in the house okay yeah oh yeah. heretic yeah even though. they obviously made this and called it this. because of the movie hereditary and the smash. success for it okay. i'll watch it yeah even though. there's also miniatures that he moves. around in a dollhouse in a miniature. dollhouse and even though they did that in also hereditary and even though. they now do this. in the movie heretic yeah. yeah sure i'll still see it. even even though they're dude. you know what i can't wait. till the review of heretic. comes out and they say hugh grant. is delightful if if a movie critic. doesn't say hugh grant is delightful. in the movie in the movie. heretic [ __ ] my ass the guy the p alter guy you can do it um because it will happen right. i don't like how they i don't like how actors play delightful villains you. know i i never i it's like dude. no i want to. play a villain because i don't want. to play it delightful. i either want to. play it super [ __ ] up or crazy. delight hi how's it. going like that like dude. like just straight up like what the [ __ ] like overboard. like an snl sketch no like yeah. like a [ __ ] saturday morning. cartoon in the 90s like no. no you know what like ace ventura. and just [ __ ] up the whole movie movie you know the director's like this is not the tone i wanted and i was like that's what you're getting. man you said delightful um so uh then you watch the previews and there's three previews or or sometimes. eight and what they do. is they'll play however many previews they're going. to play they'll play the previews that. of the movie like the movie you want. to see and then the last one. will just be some [ __ ] preview of a movie that you would never go see and you're like oh i come on get to. the movie you know now you're already. i mean 25 minutes. into the this at 1010 the movie. it's 1030 35 and you're like [ __ ] i see josh. har i want to. know what the twist is. i'm not even you got sit. down i don't even know. what the twist is until 5. hours later it's going. to be a twist right. like shamalan he backed himself. in a corner by making twist. movies and he's going always make a twist right. you watch a movie or something. made by em sh does have a twist you jipped right so now the movie starts no no no no then there's the audacity but after the preview there's another regular commercial and i just go oh then the movie starts all right and this is the thing about the movie when it starts no there's no company that makes movies anymore. only companies make movies so it's like it'll be like it's like that. family guy joke. when they do it with the dude. there's so many title screens. of production companies and you're like i don't even give. a [ __ ] dude if if i was a production me i production comany i just be like get ours off of the front it's so there's too many just put at the end have jeff bridges said in the interview when everyone sits down when they interview him about speed and um so i watched the movie and it's let me tell you something dude josh hartnet is great he's so good i i didn't know he was good i've seen him before and stuff i've either thought he was okay or like all right that was pretty good but dude this role he plays is it's well on the stuff i've seen the best he's ever been and he's perfect for it and he's he's i like him now dude i did not like him but i really had no opinion on him but now i like him i would go see a movie now that he was in again uh he would be a guy who go see a movie in and there's only a few of those kinds of guys um and i'm not going to. spoil the movie but [music]. uh was you know i've been watching these [ __ ] foreign movies dude. and i'm not trying to. brag or anything but my comprehension level is just crazy high. now because two reasons uh foreign movies they go. for it they'll just be like straight. up the first scene of a movie. hey throw a baby. off a waterfall and you go oh all right. well i hope that's the bad. part i wouldn't have watched. it if i knew that was the first scene. but now that it's over. it can't be worse. than that and you watch it. and it's not worse. than that that was the worst. scene up until the last scene. and then you go shouldn't have watched. it okay so they'll do what. they want so your comprehension level. needs to be crazy. because they're all like it's like about you know it's always about like humanity. you know like foreign movies can't. make a they cannot make a movie a filmmaker. that that doesn't speak droves. about humanity you know. like it could be a movie about a [ __ ] straight up chair. and a bandana and it'll and at the end. you'll be like we really need to. start treating each other better. and and and so the comprehension level off the charts. bro thank you me you're welcome. i've been doing it for us. why because i don't want to. get alzheimer's and i don't want. to have to. play sidoku they say that's good. for it but i don't that's not fun. to me so i watch f. movies and then you have to. also read them okay so i'm reading. them and watching them so i'm like kind of like you know. watching the this how i watch the movie. okay all right all right. because they're not going to. get me to not look. at the screen right. because a lot of people are dumb. and they'll just read they'll just be like you. be like how's the movie. this great you might as well listen. to an audio book but so i'm i'm i'm doing them. i'm both dude i'm oh yeah. yeah subtitles but yeah but who is it. oh yeah subtitles oh. yeah but who said it. okay cool subtitles but oh but who's okay. that was naomi watts all right. cool sounds good and so i still. no watts huh. okay cool oh cool oh the subtitles. say two different colors all. right but one's no. watts okay and then one. the okay one's the other person. one's the other frumpy. person that they have to. have they have to. have a frumpy person that's also a lead. in in a foreign movie. so um the actors in foreign. movies are frumpy as [ __ ] dude that you could be the most famous person. you just got to. be so frumpy anyway my comprehension level is at an alltime high because i'm realizing the subtle. subtleties and the subtext of the movies and i'm reading it so i'm getting it. from all angles dude. all right so don't test me. with the comprehension when i watch movies so i'm watching trap. and it's like american movies. are very laid out. for you and spelled out. like first of all the home movie. takes place in a concert. the fact that like you dude. you just can't hear anyone. in a concert okay. and they're just like hey how's it. going so hey good oh cool. so anyway and you're like ah n talk louder bro. you know and it doesn't need to. be real it doesn't need to. be real but like he's doing [ __ ] like over hearing. people nine rows down. and you're like what dude. i can't hear my wife. that's the end of the sentence. and she lives here okay like so and they do [ __ ] where it's like they're it's just so much exposition like you know and it's fine it's fine. it doesn't mean it's a bad. movie it doesn't you know. you can do that and still make a good movie. and i'm still watching it. i don't care dude. i you know i get it. so um i'm watching the movie. and it ends and it it. was watchable you know but hats. off to josh hartnet but my comprehension is just bro. you want somebody to. understand something come on over to. me but i'll tell you though. today was a [ __ ] hazy. day man because i woke. up and i had to. go pick up my wife's prescription. uh and at cvs because i'm i'm i'm ni. i'm nice i ran an errand i literally just asked her. i said i'm not trying. to get credit for it. but i'm like dude wife do you need anything. get to get done. and she was like no. i mean i have a prescription. when are you going to. get coffee and i was like i don't really. need coffee i drank coffee already. and she was like oh then you don't have to. do it and i just sat. around and kind of hung out. with the kids for a little bit and i walked back. over door her and i was just like babe. i kind of got nothing to. do if you just want me. to go get it. and she was like all right. that'd be nice really. helpful so i just went to. it now did i go. to the wrong pharmacy yeah. but it's fine cuz it wasn't on. the wrong side of town. oh it was okay. so i went to. the valley at the c. here's what happened i went. to my wife and i said where is your prescription. she said cvs and i said oh okay. and i thought it weird. because we usually get our prescriptions. at walgreens now what i didn't. know even though i did. know right because you have to. tell guys nine something nine times i didn't know she changed her. place even though i did know because i've been there a few. times with her but i wasn't caught up. with my mind yet i wasn't caught up. with my memories yet okay. because you have to. tell me something nine times now my wife. should know that is it her. fault no fine it's okay. she said cvs and i say oh. really she said yeah and she said this. one i said oh okay. the one over in ventura. she said yeah it's just yada. yada she said yeah that's all i heard that's all i heard she goes yeah. conf confirmation now start thinking about pants. or anything else whatever i want i already. got the confirmation. what she ended up saying was yeah. the one over in the the one. that i wasn't going. to so i go cool. so i go drive over. to that one yes it's on. the wrong side of town. and i go wait a minute. [ __ ] i went to. the wrong one not even going. to tell her i'm not going. to tell her because i don't want. her to know i did. that not because i'm insecure. it's cu i don't want to. [ __ ] hear it you know so i go to. another one the one on the right. side town the cvs. that now i know she goes to. in the area that she goes. to it and i go there. and i'm waiting in line. there's a long line. now i'm pissed i'm pissed. because there's a long line. but i'm also pissed because i already went. to the wrong one. so i'm like man i wasted. a lot of time not. got to waste on this. line i would have been maybe this. line wasn't here an hour. ago when i went to. the wrong one so i get there. i i roll up dude. and she says date of birth. i give her the date of birth. hm and i go no. no have it she says not here. and i say really she says yep. try the name she goes nope. i say try my name she says nope. i say hm and look. up i'm at a right. [music] aid all right yes dude now it um it's beyond. mad it's i don't you know. what i skipped mad i just go. like this jesus the lord. almighty hey life hey universe you had other plans. for me today let's just go. to the cvs that i so i text. her i got i [ __ ] all the day up babe babe. i [ __ ] the day all up i went to. the wrong ones she goes huh. you've been there with me. and i say i know i'll go. she said skip it. it doesn't matter i said no. i'll go get it so i went to. it and the guy was like you know. hey here for pickup and i was like yeah. date of birth [ __ ] just gave it to. him cuz i i didn't know it. the first two times i don't know. when my wife was born. i forgot i texted her in the meantime. and she told me. i know now all right. but i'll forget it. again and i'll also forget. the same pharmacy dude i'll just be driving around. wondering where my wife's prescription. is wondering where she's when she was born. dude so i get there. and he's like all right. and i take my credit. card out to. pay for it and then then i put it back. in my wallet because i don't know why. and then the guy says all right. and so i take wait. i didn't pay yet. i take credit out again. then i go oh wait it's probably has auto. pay put it back. in the guy says all right. cool that's 35 bucks and i go h. i pay for it took. my credit card head again. three times and then left cvs and then i'm just like i think i have to. start playing sidoku like what what is. going on dude and i'm just like driving. all over creation taking out. credit cards for no reason. just like a you know. who i am i'm a guy. in a commercial in front of the [ __ ] movie previews just a dumb. dumb idiot that's like um okay. well i'll get juju bees. and um we're all out of juju. bees what i'm that guy. that's who i am that's why. they make those commercials. i'm just a dumb dummy. you know whatever dude my dick. would have knocked over that pole. too sensational um i'm so hungry. but i'm just like whatever. you know um let's see here what else. was the thing that i even oh dude. i forgot to say the the guy. who so we said to. my mom yeah the guy's penis. ruined him his chance. at at getting a a medal. in the olympics in the pole. vault she said what i said. yeah i said you didn't hear. this and she says no i said wow. how didn't you hear. this she said wow. his penis and i said yeah. it knocked the pole off. so she says oh and then we do other stuff. okay we're just playing with the kids. my dad my mom you know. we're just like goofing around. having a good time 25. minutes later my mom just looking at her. phone says oh i thought his dick. was out and i'm like did. you just google the olympic guy. and she was like yeah i thought okay. okay i thought it was out. and i'm like ma you did. what about how they have leotards dude. and also what you would have. heard about if his dick. was [music] out anyway um p vault's a weird. thing there's a lot. of events in the olympics. that just shouldn't be there anymore. you know ian i'm not saying like shot put dude. the ultimate strength of man. like is it though how about pushing. trucks now everyone's crushing. over this olympic swedish pole vter. mondo duplantis um yeah. he's got that rat face. that everyone's starting to. like you know in uh hollywood. uh what is it mouse. face or whatever m duplantis sounds. like a a a [ __ ] sounds like botney you can't go in here or you'll die. it sounds like a poisonous. like yeah oh dude. don't go don't take that. trailer it has a bunch. of m duplantis on it. you'll get you and don't definitely definitely 100%. wear pants if you're going to. go because if it if it touches your your leg. you've got you've got 35 seconds to. get to a doctor you got 35. seconds to drive to. the uh hospital rogan. special came out and i'm happy. about it you know. and then i love like it's so crazy. how like obviously we know. there's we know obviously. you know i didn't i honestly. haven't seen the reviews i know that. the media is just going. to tear it apart. because it's joe rogan. and he's antiwoke and um there there one. thing that they always go. to is like it hey this. is i saw somebody saying and they were like this. is a h h. hacky this is a hack or whatever. the joke was and i i was like all right. let me watch this clip. and it was straight. up just not hacky you. know it was just you didn't like his oh it was the you. know what it was the michelle. obama thing about how she no. this is what they did. they took it out of context. they were like oh look he's promoting the fact. that michelle obama has. a penis and then i watched the clip. and i watched the that. they post and they ended it. before he says i don't actually. think michelle obama has a penis. but everything else i said i think is true. which is the joke. and they said oh they were like oh he's perpetuating. this misinformation that now michelle. ob has his whole point. was that he doesn't believe in that. i the media is so terrible. dude and no people with an agenda. dude this i don't even know if this was the media. it was some guy. writing about it and on twitter. and he said this and i was like dude. you cut before the joke. ends it's horrible. the one thing that they have is it's hack like like super woke. people even know [music] what. is hack they're so up. their own ass um anyway i love how everyone calls. porn corn speaking of corn. so good smelling one. of the best smells i know. from food wow it. smelled sweet edible and waxy. i would say it edible and waxy. nice so in america. i wanted to try. a good dose of corn. oh the end oh the end oh the end. oh the end was great. he tried to slide up. and keep the camera on the corn. oh also so much corn. dude you know you're alone. smell of corn so this. is arnold schwarzenegger so good smelling one. of the best smells i know. from also corn is the best. smells like i i wouldn't even think the smell. is that strong like dude. the guy's got honestly 12 corns. food it smells sweet steam coming. out and and and next to. an office chair dude. he's got an office. chair next to it. like on the ground you see. the office chair wheels. and his corn's on. the ground edible hey put it on. a table dude. dude his lamp is on the ground. the short a short waxy. i would say edible and waxy. dude imagine they hey how's the corn. at this restaurant edible and waxy. ooh yum so in america. i wanted to try. a good dose of corn. dose i mean that that. movie is incredible even. scorsese you got to. be like well that was incredible. with that that the way he moved it. um uh the uh jeremy fragrance. is all right he's all right. he's not one of my faves. but everyone always sends me him. oh this is hilarious. time hold on this. is this is uh j cole. who is the greatest rapper. of all time jcole okay. this is family. feud obviously saying jcole to. this is not you're not i he's got an argument for greatest. of all time i'm not saying he's not who am. i to say and jcole is. great he's a little young. to be called greatest of all. time this guy should know. he's too young and who they asked. to who they asked. uh their opinions right because they ask. like 100 people and they think they they're not going. to say jcole dude. they're asking tourists right they think jcole. is literally jayz too. the audience claps props. jcole knew it i haven't seen. this yet by the way andre. kendrick lamar no no. no no no that's notri. lar nobody's going to. know they asked they asked. people who only eat bagels. and [ __ ] pancakes uh l. yes lil wayne l. no it won't be there. no you know who am i in am. i dumb for this. cuz i know who they're i know. who they're it's tupac. tupac there's one there's one that. that might be on there. because he's old enough. okay there we go wow. that wi play play go you guys. are sozy so what alln yes. who is the greatest rapper. of all time it's funny. if you're black because you you can't. you have to. be like a guy that's like act you can't. i i know that number one's got to. be like [ __ ] snoop dogg. or something but you can't. say that as a black guy dude. you can't you you have to. say somebody like kendrick lamar. let's go with biggie but that's not number. one it won't be number one. seven who's the greatest rapper. of all time jayz. number one won't be number one. you'll be up there oh wow. eight wow okay so eminem's going. to be on it. snoop dog's going to. be on it uh i want to. say that maybe even honestly. because i'm trying to. think of who they ask i want. to say that maybe even honestly. dr dre will be on there. and he's not like barely a rapper who y'all. tripping really come on hey we we in rhode island. again where we at like i don't. think nas will be on there. he might be tor who's the greatest. rapper of all time n nas. won't be on there. nas no it's not gonna be on there. and that's a shame n. trying to think of rappers knew. it dude who was number one. do you know this is hilar. oh [ __ ] we got to. know who number it was snoop it. was snoop i knew it. wow dude eminem was uh yeah it's just oh wow. what if flow rer was on. there okay um well no dr. dre yeah see old guys. i would think that would because they had to. have been around so much. that everybody's heard of them. it it can't be kendrick lamar. or jcole they're they're also too. young they really are too young. to be the greatest. of all time they have a lot. of albums left if they make five dumb. albums then they're not the greatest. of all time um more than five. albums maybe i don't know oh dude. what was the thing i looked up. the other day hold on it's so funny. where did i put it i think i put it here. god i wake up and my cousins i have a text. chain with my cousins that's like honestly. i'll wake up cuz my my cousin's a farmer. he's a farmer like on. the east coast so he wakes up like at 2:. a.m. my time or early. than that which is great. cuz i'm a texting fool. at 1 i. am just whoever's. up comedians are up. but also farmers are up. on the east coast. so um i texted them. this but but i'll wake up. i'll have straight up honestly. 250 text messages from them. so i'm like what did i miss. another one's a teacher. so he has to. get a burly and i have a brother. who like wakes up every two hours. and just like will like look like just be up. for an hour and then go back. to sleep my brother sleeps like intermittently. anyway i sent them this. sometimes i feel like i be living in nightmare but then i remember i sp. $10,000 on some jewelry to. wear from the street noir. now i'm in dude. that's my new favorite rapper. it is sephy se on instagram. actually is this the guy or is it. just posting him no this. is him oh this. is him skib monster oh got to. send this to. my my my chest has too much. g ski sun. secure skibby play by. cardi back up ken carson. back up i'm turning into. the skibby monster it's too much. riz this is so skibby. um be oh the cut it. ends at skip it. dude dude nightm what's not fair. just rhyming [ __ ] i was in a nightmare but then i woke up i realized i wasn't because i spend $10,000 on jewelry that i wear i'm from the street. it's not fair cramming so eh. so many words into. dub bars it's not fair. whoops so british i mean. that was the most british thing. of all time i just it. stop what you're doing and listen. because guys i have got a massive opportunity. which is dude i'm sorry. but when british people it's it's all. fine until they do something like opportunity. it's like the word stopped and they started. it again in the middle. opportunity um hold on. let's look at more of this. guy's clips that skibby one. was crazy dude i got to. show calvin oh that's the same. one if you ever see me. who whoa fighting. a shark in the middle. of the ocean help. the shark that's actually remember l. 22 lb of protein. [applause] [music] ciny i so secure. the scream dude ah. stubbed his toe2 lbs of protein. sted his toe k carson back. off this is my pro. team playboy cardi back. off this is my pro. team i mean hey hey guy playboy cardi. doesn't want your protein. also so gay 22. lbs of protein. if you ever see me. fighting a shark. in the middle of the ocean. help the shark st. his toe st his toe 22. lb of protein st. his toe dude keeps stubbing his [laughter]. toe dude can't believe it. 22 pounds of [music]. protein dude head carson back. up carson back up. you you ever see me. fighting a shark. in the middle of the ocean. help the shark tried. to that first one was great. tried to put his penis. into a woman and and it bent. backwards bro that guy's why old um wow anyway. that's it for the episode if you want. to watch the rest of the episode. the uncut the unedited episode sign. up for the patreon page. ./ and you also get all the other episodes. that are locked for the general. public you get that just six bucks. a month and there's like 40 episodes. of those now so they just unlock them. immediately so get that and also you support. the show so thank you very. much [music] he 