 foreign previously on congratulations. which one which one's this. up what everyone says so. oh yeah yeah where does. it say soap on here there. you go i said that. where does it say something. crazy [music] you uh are a great. guy and you've really uh you know you're a good. person and um um you know i'm lucky. to know you and [ __ ] and i do keep people in my circle. now that i really care. about and um you know i love you. bro i love you too. yeah does that make you. feel weird when i say i love you. not at all so uh all right. so if you say i love you to. me and then i say i love you. too does that make you. feel weird no okay that's fairly new for me. though like i did not feel weird. doing that yeah because you know. masculine like i'm an alpha you're an alpha i mean. but i'm kind of yeah and it's it's not. we're not really taught to. love our friends like we're not really taught to. say i love you and i mean and not be like weird. about it you know. but yeah i've become more. comfortable doing that in the last few years. because you know i'm i'm three. four years older than you. two or three years. older i don't know and i'm i'm losing people and i don't you. mean they're dying yeah yeah and and and i i love so many people but i don't spend the time. to make to let them know that. because a lot of times i'm like well. if i tell them that like i don't know. how they're going to. react to it and i don't want. to make them feel like they have to. say i love you back. or like why is he calling me. out of the blue just to. tell me that he loves me. like that's weird is everything. okay like is he sick. i gotta want to. alarm people but like i've known you. long enough and and the people around. me that i've just gotten used to. saying that i've just gotten used. to saying man i love you. because i i do and and i want you to. know that and i want the people. close to me to. know that and how long have you been doing. that just a couple of the last. few years i think right. before the pandemic and you're saying it. doesn't make you feel weird. it doesn't anymore. because i what what made. me feel weird early on. is like oh how is that gonna make them. feel or how is that. or how are they going. to perceive me like am i do they think that i'm like i said do. they think i'm sick or do. they think i'm i'm being a [ __ ] or whatever but like i don't care. what they think as long. as they know that. i'm sending this to. them hey i love you. and you don't have to. say it back you. don't even have to. respond to my text or my email. or whatever but i just want. you to know that um it. makes me feel good it. makes me feel good to. send a uh send something to. someone not necessarily i love you. but something meaningful or grateful. or whatever without thinking well. are they going to. respond like are they gonna how come they haven't. call me back that's not why. i'm doing it i'm doing. it because i think it's important. to let them know how i feel about them. yeah i tell people that has to. be you do i do but it's fairly new though. right some uh i think with any sort of like you know friendship. and saying i love you you know. it doesn't make me feel. weird to say it. it does make me. feel sometimes bunched up to. um like look in your eyes. or like to to. really if you say it and i say it then that's a full connection. and because it's so real and i like to. like keep my walls up you. know i'm i'm trying to not. so much anymore and i've done. a lot of [ __ ] therapy and [ __ ] but like to. not do that is tough because i think it's kind of the same. it comes from the same. thing as like sitting alone. and being with yourself is just it. can be uncomfortable if you're confronting feelings. yeah and um so it's a little bit uh it's a little bit yeah. it does make me. feel a certain way it's not. like bad and i you know. it's weird too because like my family. like growing up like my dad. and my mom would always tell me. they love me it's not like a you know. yeah so i don't know where along. the way i picked that up. did you ever do it. do you ever you didn't say. it to your friends. i mean i did yeah. but but yeah i kind of always have but but maybe not in my 20s. but like in my 30s. i would do it because i was like dude. i do love them. but i would spend time thinking like you know. we all have sometimes thoughts. where it's just like why. did i think of that but like i would think of like okay. like i remember there were times where i would spend thinking like what. is it like to. miss someone like what does. it mean to miss someone. like does it mean. i get that does it. mean you want to. see them again yeah does. it mean that you feel. like it's been too long. and there's an actual like yearning you have. to be with them and i remember thinking like i don't know. what it's like to. actually maybe miss someone yeah. you know like when i was in you. know i was in college. for eight months or when i when i'm on the road. like do i miss like x's. that i've had would i miss being away. from them most of the time. it was the answer was. no you know and i would say it. but i i didn't know how that felt or what. that meant and i think it's probably because i didn't let people in you know. 100 i kept them. at an arm's length. so i didn't have i couldn't develop. missing somebody because i never really. let them in to. love them yeah and now i think well first of all i think having my son. just opened me the [ __ ] up i mean i was talking about it. to my therapist and and i was like telling her. a version of this. about how i keep people at a distance. and walls up and [ __ ] and she was like oh you're [ __ ] now that you have calvin. she literally said and i was like yeah. you're right and i i laughed because you you. know i am not the kind of person. that can be away. from my son and not you know. there are people that can just have kids. and and not really you know. be uh the type of person. that is fit to. be a dad but i am yeah. and i didn't know that but it. turns out i am and now with calvin i miss him. i i actually feel what it's like to. miss him and because of that. it opens up my world to. love and and being around. other people and actually loving them. and connecting with them and i do miss them. now i know what it feels. like to miss someone. but i don't feel like i did. until i into the past few. years and i i think calvin has a huge reason. is a huge reason because i don't think it's all. of it but you know. i've obviously done a lot. of work on myself. and [ __ ] but like it's it's a really wild fantastic. thing to feel and and and what's hard. about it is it. actually hurts yeah like you you. develop this love and you develop. this realness and this you know. people would always say like what's the what's the meaning. of life and i always that's that's such a to. me it's like that doesn't even mean. anything right it's like saying why. is the sky blue and it also doesn't matter. like we're all just on here. we're doing what we're doing but now. if if to be somebody that feels this and and to. love some people and and on the other hand. there's there's miss there's there's when you lose. somebody yeah you know that. hurts so [ __ ] bad yeah and i don't i don't like that. like i've i've had friends that i don't. have anymore and it [ __ ] it hurts so bad dude it hurts so bad and i know what that feels like and dude i called my last special no pain because i wasn't letting myself love i wasn't letting myself be open to. that and so i never felt pain. and now you're forced to. feel pain because i have a family. because there's ups and downs. and now i love my friends. and um and it doesn't always feel. good and people say like oh yeah. but that's what life's about. you know you can't live unless you unless you feel. all of those emotions and if you're gonna ask me. what's better i guess. it's better to. feel the love yeah. because it's fuller you. know it's like you can you can keep eating. skittles and candy and [ __ ] but you gotta eat [ __ ] actual real food otherwise you're just gonna feel like [ __ ] eventually and um and that's tougher you know and you have to. work [ __ ] out and it's it's uncomfortable as [ __ ] that's the thing too though you're you're you're making yourself work stuff out like for the longest time again like you lived a life where you were rewarded by your disconnecting and as long as long as i'm making these people laugh like i'm doing my job like i'm fulfilling what it whatever it is in my mind that i'm supposed to. be doing with my life. and you're rewarded for that so why would you do. anything different because when you go through. those feelings or you allow. yourself to process those things you're not being rewarded. it hurts and it's like you're sitting there. why am i crying. in my bedroom like this doesn't feel good. but it's just it's so much. more fulfilling yeah and that. was a good you said full. you feel so much more full. yeah the more you allow. yourself to to. sit in those those um in that discomfort. the the outside of your comfort. zone the more you're going to. grow and the more love you're gonna have for the people. around you because your life. is just going to. be more full you're gonna have more things. that are like oh i'm glad. i experienced that i didn't think i would i didn't think. i'd like to color. me mine but like you did. and you're like that's a feeling. that you've never had before. and how cool is that like now. you're gonna have that feeling when you're doing. something else you're like oh i know what i know. this feeling like this. i didn't know this feeling. before and now it's here and i don't have to. like push it away or be scared. of it or like make jokes. about it like this. is kind of nice i don't know. man it's it's exciting. for me i mean i i i i i missed. you like you know i i when we weren't speaking. for a while like i missed. you and i i didn't feel. like i could tell you that and you said. that you've lost so many. friends and you missed. them what would it be. like if you told them. that i mean uh uh i have no i have some some of them. um and some of them. i just i guess i haven't but you know. i mean look alone. in this life you you live you know. you you you meet people you love people and they fall out. of your life and then sometimes. they come back and then this and that. and like you know you uh uh we always [ __ ] liked each other. and loved each other and and you were in texas. for a bit and you know. when that happens then you kind of like you all right. you text and then you stop texting and then you're like um and yeah you know i don't know. life's a [ __ ] long time though huh. like it's like i'm 42 now. and um i i thought for a while i would never have kids. and [ __ ] changes you know and it's uh and it's all hopefully for the better unless you know somebody gets hit by a [ __ ] train but keep telling people you love them yeah and look at them in the eye. when you say well you don't know. you also you also you don't want to. be that annoying spiritual guy. that's always walking around. like telling people that you love. them and nobody's gonna think that about you. yeah that's true that's true. because you're not that guy. that's true that's true like sometimes. we think that people are gonna think things about us. like wait we're not giving them. any credit at all right. like nobody know us be like you're lean. right nobody would say you're nobody would think you're lean. you no you're pretty nobody would be like i am. but nobody would be like your handsome. as i'll go dude you're handsome. do you no i no i am. handsome you look better. with a mustache i never ever understood that. about people unless dashes are weird. i don't look better. with them yeah i know so you know why. because you're you i thought you were gonna have to. be in the middle and you said no. i went before knew. you're gonna have to. be that's because i know you're better. than you know yourself you need to. do just walk on yourself. go pee okay go pee i'm legit. good to do this. by myself dude p he's gonna take a [ __ ] i know i know dude because he didn't eat cheese if you ate cheese he'd be taking a [ __ ] i'll tell you something about leave that open too because it's so blisteringly hot um what's that yeah yeah dude if we hear fart noises um david honestly is uh uh great we're happy to. have him on this. podcast i will tell you too uh i didn't ever. want to have guests on. this podcast and it's part. of the reason why i'm having him. on this podcast is because first of all i talk about him. a lot but also um you know. as we're talking about like growth and life. is about change and [ __ ] like you know sometimes things need to. [ __ ] be shaken up and and stirred. and i want to. have him on the podcast. and i've been wanting to. so [ __ ] it i know that maybe some of you miss me just doing that. solo [ __ ] but also it's the holidays. and like i feel like kind of just doing this. like i've been working way. too [ __ ] hard um like it's really been getting into. my mental health um and uh you. know i even called [ __ ] theo about it. and we were chatting and and and uh so you so you know. i mean business because uh he's he's mr. uh mr i've been working too. hard and we've been talking about it. we kind of commiserated but also you know. it was a good conversation. i just [ __ ] worked so so much and um i wanted to. be kind of just you can. leave it open you know. want it to. be uh chilling uh and and kind of take the mental. load off of myself just through. the holiday seasons and in january. we'll be back with a bang. um so that's what i've been that's what i've been doing. and then i was like david could help. with that um and i'm trying to. get kristen on another podcast. too because i think that she would be really great. uh to do uh to. do the podcast with because i may have missed. this but why don't you have this. something new is having somebody on. here like i honestly. thought that i was coming. to help because i didn't think marco. was going to be available you're like hey you wanna. you wanna really yeah oh that's hilarious. i was like all right. you just gotta tell me. what to do oh that's funny. you did say that yeah no i wanted. to have you on you're cool. with being on right. yeah of course you started. dinner for an hour. yeah um and i wanted to. have you on because no i was talking about because dude. i feel like i've been working too. hard you know yeah and you know i don't know it's interesting. because like as an actor like one of the reasons. why you've been with me. on the road and you've also are able. available right now is because it's the [ __ ] cool. holiday seasons and that's everything. slows the [ __ ] down in hollywood and you're you know. if you're not on something. that you know is going. to be three months. in new zealand which is something. that you've done then you're just going. to be kind of waiting. like as an actor yeah if i didn't have tour. dates i would you would just wait. yeah from literally the week. before thanksgiving to. january 12th it's after sunday. yeah it's usually at the end. of time because sundance is like the end. of january it's like the 15th. through the 25th so usually yeah. yeah until the end of january. hollywood's just like done like what it. sucks it's literally two months. it does so um so so that's one of the reasons. why you know you've been on the road. and [ __ ] because you're just like yeah i'll just wait till the [ __ ] hollywood kicks back up. again um you work. a lot you were in sundance. yeah how many times a few. times yeah three times so primer obviously. we'll get to that but then i did. a film called uh skateland oh yeah. yeah and uh and then i did a film. called mad actually no that was slam. dance but slam dance goes on. at the same time yeah um and i've been a handful. of times so wait so uh you were in so there's primer you can close. that door now i guess. so primer uh was the big. one that that was your intro. to hollywood yeah all right. if you got i've talked about prime number. primer before because i've talked about david sullivan. it's it's one of the best. like i mean and i'm when i said one. of the best i mean. top two or three yeah time travel movies ever yeah. um you could argue you know. everyone says back to. the future sure and primer was not on that. scale right you know that was a more enjoyable film right of course yeah primer you gotta like seriously you. can't text you yeah you don't. always watch it with somebody right. actually it might be good but you'd be like hold. on wait what is going. on it's very hard. to understand yeah which i i like because it's a [ __ ] time travel movie yeah right and i also the one of the reasons why i love about it. is it doesn't explain. [ __ ] to you you. guys are the two guys in it. just trying to. figure everything out yourselves yeah and it's almost like if the audience gets hit the audience. [ __ ] gets it that's what i like about it and i think that's one of the reasons why it's so good thank you but so you were in this movie and this is crazy. because you were just a guy from texas. yeah yeah i i was working. i was working for a software company and uh i got laid. off selling jacuzzis i was um software and i got laid off. and i had like a severance package and whatever. i had money and i was like what. is it that would really make me. happy and i spent some time. and i thought about it. and made me uncomfortable yeah but i kind of sat. in it for a while. right and uh i had never acted before. i did a i did a a couple of onenight. plays in high school. where you're on stage for. like 11 minutes and then you tear. it on the set and whatever and i was like man. that was so fun um why'd you like it. uh i just like so weird. from a software engineer yeah i just like the idea of pretending and and i felt like i could do no. wrong because it's like oh i'm pretending to. be somebody else like i i can i can do. that like that if they don't like my performances. like they didn't like the character. i played it's not like they didn't like me. because i was somebody else for a little bit um and so like i i thought if there's a way. that i can perform. i think that would be cool. so yeah i was in dallas. and i i had a picture taken. and i mailed some headshots to. some casting agents and um and producers and this was i mean. this is what two thousand. yeah this was like 2000 2001. and uh it was a black and white. picture that a guy had taken. for me and then wow. yeah the director i met him. at a starbucks and we uh we just read. he bought a few pages. yeah shane um and he was like what. are you doing tomorrow and i'm like dude. i i don't really have much. going on right now i was like well let's let's go. let's meet up again and i will read some more. stuff and we've read some more. stuff and that was like my first audition i didn't really i didn't even know what an audition was yeah. um and so he was like well what are you what. are you doing for the next month. or so and i'm like dude. i just got laid off. like i don't i i got time. he's like well i think i got a guy who's gonna. help us with the camera. do you know anything. about filmmaking and i was like no. but i what is it. that i need to. know and he was like well and he kind of goes. through all this stuff that i don't need to. know anything about but i was like well i know how to. get things like i know how to. like we need a house. all right we'll get a house. we need an office. i'll get an office we need a store. yeah so i was able. to kind of facilitate the locations and and i brought on the rest. of the crew because i had friends in dallas. like wait we're gonna make a movie yeah. i'll do that but they had jobs. too which was weird. like they would they would uh leave work. early to come help. us shoot and uh and they're also in the movie. as well so if the people everybody that made that movie. is actually in the movie um so like when i wasn't on. camera which was very little i was. on the camera the majority. of the time i was like i was holding like a we had a really. long halogen light that we hooked up. on a stick and i was like following yeah. um or there was just or pushing. the dolly or whatever it was. yeah we made it for seven. thousand dollars and it won. sundance that's crazy yeah yeah it was nuts. um so okay so you did that. and then saw yourself on the cover. of uh what was it. used yeah usa today yeah and then you're like you. thought you literally thought you made it. of course so i've been there. yeah when i was 19. i did i got a movie and i was like oh i made it. oh i didn't know that and then and then it and then it came out. it didn't come out for like seven. years right well mine was like three years. yeah no but mine was literally like let's see. i actually think mine was eight years. it just it was on why. did it even come out. then because you got a little bit of fame. i don't know what yeah aaron. paul was in it. and then and i maybe maybe i i don't think i had anything. to do with it i think maybe aaron paul did. it just got uh you know. whoa and then uh did you guys. know each other or were you just met. on the movie aaron yeah that's how we met. he was 20 i was 19. i didn't know yeah. that's why i know aaron. yeah we've been friends. forever yeah love that dude. um wow and happy for your success. he's amazing yeah um such a good i mean. that that show breaking bad. show yeah yeah um and um yeah so i thought i made it and then i'll uh you know. obviously i started stand up. maybe five years later. it's so hard i lost yeah. it's too hard yeah and uh you're relying. too many on on too. many other people which i'm not good. at so i started doing standup. at a loss and i just was what i always wanted. to do but i always figured i would like either. back door it or figure it out. later which is idiotic. yeah you need to. cut your teeth in the clubs and [ __ ] but now um but you did it like you did it right did you have somebody who was like dude. you got to get on stage. all the time or was that. just your instinct was that like your nature. like i have to. do this well so it's different. for a standup than it is for a musician like a musician you can't. really i mean you can do kind of open. mics and [ __ ] but like you don't play like like i'll play like the laugh factory every night if i want right like musicians don't play somewhere in la every night because they'll just like it's just not something musicians do because they'll either exhaust their their uh uh fan base or they'll exhaust their ticket. sales and [ __ ] it's just like not really like that for stand up and and coming up the idea is to. play the [ __ ] gigs and get funny like that's why i can do this podcast it's just me talking to. nobody i'm bombing but i don't. give a [ __ ] i still think it's funny. and then so it reaches. people and they're like okay. well we actually think this is funny. right that's because i don't give a [ __ ] if i'm bombing. right right and it's because you cut your teeth. in the clubs and the open. bikes and the coffee shops and the [ __ ] laundromats literally yeah so uh and i found out that when you do stand. up you can just do it. every night yeah i didn't know. that and then so i started doing. standup and i and i would go to. open mics every night yeah and then uh the first time i did i was 23. the second time i did i was 25. and then i just did it. every day yeah uh every day. and then it got to. the point where i was doing it. every like two or three times a night. yeah i'd be running. back and forth doing different. clubs you know running. you know doing coffee. shops uh there were laundromats. comic book stores so fun it was so funny. we would go yeah we went to. a bar somewhere in the valley. that was next there i don't know. if it's part of the gas. station or next to. the gas station and the bar. like you're facing the opposite. direction of that stage yeah you were with me. then that was yeah that was i told that story in incorrigible when there was that i did. that bar once and the woman. charged the stage i don't know. if you were there that one yeah yeah. yeah something yeah and then uh yeah oh yeah you did. talk about that on your phone. now the press would have a field. day would be all my fall. but the um but yeah so that is but that that is what i would do. and that was called. what the [ __ ] liquid zoo. that's what that place. was called and uh yeah i don't know. dude i i loved it. and you know i also i have i obsess. about stuff and i have an obsessive um personality. and and that was part. of that and i always thought oh this. is healthy like a healthy one. stand up and it was and i got you know i got a career out. of it and um yeah and and it was just uh it. was it was a wild. ride and it is a wild. ride but uh you know. i think that that's one. of the things i love about. standup is that and comedy. is that you can just keep doing. it and do it yeah and you don't have to. like i could book my own. dates yeah i could do literally every night. next week next next month. if i want to. yeah that's that's what's when when where we're going. to adam's wedding it. was just like dude it's going. to be in phoenix like dude. and you just you call. the club and they're like yeah. okay we'll move things. around there what nights well. we usually do saturdays he's like nah. we're gonna do a thursday. and friday i'm like okay. yeah like that's yes and it was so fun. so fun and i'm so grateful. for the people that come out now. and i worked for free. forever of course and uh yeah i just love doing it. yeah you know and i don't know. if you find this reacting but like have you always loved acting the most as you have gone. throughout your career no because i i have spouts where i don't. make any money right and i i make myself feel really shitty because it's like oh what i'm paid. to do i'm not being paid. to do anymore. and nobody wants to. hire me and it doesn't feel good. because then it's like well what's my value. right now if i'm not able. to you know make a good living. doing this and and growing up i mean. looking at me you don't. see me as like a supreme athlete. but like i'm a premier athlete. okay all right yeah i mean. my my um yeah football at what level. at baylor division one division one okay now when you find out. what position he plays. that's important okay i was a division. one football player yeah. um we'll leave out what. he did yeah but it rhymes with picker. six kicker you were a kicker. so you were used 10. seconds in every game yeah. i i wish that were true. but i i yeah uh you could kick the [ __ ] out of a football i could i could but i played that's not important. basically i'm sorry i learned. at an early age. that like oh you're as valuable. as what it is that. you can contribute and i never took into. consideration like oh i can contribute as a human. being because that doesn't make sense. to me especially as a child. and like even an early. early like 20s and 30s. like that no i gotta make money. i gotta get paid i gotta get the big. house in the car and everything. and that made me feel good. um and then moving out here and being broke after three months. crazy yeah i'm like oh what what. do i do now and i still have yeah. it still kind of hits. me that like even now like i i yeah. i have some down time. and i just came off a show. that's gonna be a big hit. but like i don't know my next job. and it's it's a little bit scary. and it's um i i used to. i used to. teach and coach and and interact with a lot. of actors a lot and and with the pandemic. i just kind of stopped that and i was just kind of focusing. on me and what i could bring as an actor but um yeah. it's it's actually was great. timing for me being around you. again and and man. you just i don't know. you light me up. like you really you you get me. going i got on stage. yeah that was something. i never ever would do we had you. we had you introduced the show. in albany oh that. was so scary man. my heart's just racing thinking. about it now i don't really oh yeah. i was i i don't know what that. is i i i think i think it's because i mean. it's probably the same reason. why i've never really finished. a script because like writing one. yeah i've never finished one. i've written but it's like i've i've read so many good scripts. that like why would i think that i could. be that good but like after being around. you and and so many great comedians for so many. years i'm like i could never be that. so why why the hell would. i even want to. do that and i've never had the desire. to do that um and then we kind of started. as a joke but but lulu wasn't able. to come to the oh yeah yeah it. was like mike was just like yeah just introduce me. me just go up then introduce me and i'm like i can't do that. and then the thing was he made it really. simple for me he was like dude. just go out there. because we were doing bits. and it was like dude. welcome to the show. you know yeah yeah but mike. was just like just go out there. and say welcome mike. linochi and i was like oh i could do that. and i took a small step into. something that i thought was very uncomfortable. and very much something that scared. the [ __ ] out of me. and it did like even so funny. yeah even i guess it. does though like if i were to. think like i mean there was a thousand. people at that show right. so yeah if i i don't even like a lot. of the times when i'm on stage. i'm less nervous than i am. in the day for other things. like genuinely and i know that sounds so like that i'm trying. to be cute saying. this [ __ ] but it's a hundred percent. true like if i'm on stage. now at this point in my career. that hour at least i know what i'm doing right. and also in knowing you you have spent more. time doing that than you have. probably anything else either thinking about it. or performing true. like so of course that. would be you would feel more. comfortable than sitting on the edge. of your bed and asking yourself. why you're unhappy like of course it's funny. too it's a bit uh i i was joking. around to my therapist recently. and she was like don't she i was like yeah. you know i know we're not supposed. to compartmentalize but man. sometimes when i have rough days um like in denver. when we were like i had a [ __ ] [ __ ] day in denver. and i was like and that was my biggest show. yet it was 4. 500 people and i was like man. thank god i'm able to. come home mentalized and we all laughed. and she was like you got to. be careful of that. and and then we ended up talking about something. else and then she was like i want to. go back to that because i want you to. make sure that yes of course it's good. to compartmentalize you when you're on the road. you have to. compartmentalize and do your job. so you're able to. do your job and do your career but careful. coming off stage that that's when it. stops and she's right about that. because it's easy for me to. get sucked into. that adoration and then get off. stage and you know i'm joking. but i also like i i'm joking. when i'm like [ __ ] yeah like i'll walk off stage like like chappelle. lacey the other day. i i went on i went. on stage and then after chappelle. chappelle had a great set she probably see a different. comedian some of you guys thinking dave chappelle. not dave chappelle um and so i he had a great. set i went on i had a great. set i got off stage and i and i said after i i forgot. to say it i said hey i heard when i was getting off stage. i heard people literally say chappelle. who and i said this. to chappelle and and he laughed you. know and i'm joking of course. but like to. i have to be careful. of like playing a character. in real life all the time. yeah because then i'm not being a real person. yeah and um so yeah so anyway uh you being up. there felt very real because it's not your job. and you you were you were you got off. stage and you were your heart. was really pumping it's interesting. too because when i first started. that's how i felt but i have no. so i know how that feels right. but i just don't feel that way. anymore yeah yeah but that makes sense. yeah yeah yeah because you have done. that for so long right. and like i said you're constantly thinking. about what's funny it's a 10. 000 hours thing right. yeah yeah that's so it doesn't surprise. me that that's where you're most comfortable. and it doesn't surprise me. too well you're the most uncomfortable. when you're doing things that you don't. want to do yeah. because you just haven't done them. yeah and i was like why. don't i just do the [ __ ] i'm good at that's what i fall. back into it's like but then the truth. is like for instance for you. you're one of your traits is i like to. try everything if you didn't like to. try everything you might not be an actor right. now that's true yeah that's true. yeah yeah it's very we learn. yeah we learned dude yeah. because i them i never would have thought that. like coming from a small. town in east texas like you you you. don't think really outside your world. and you're just like you know. even even after i moved to. la i talked to my dad. and he'd be like ah you know you got to. think about coming home yeah you know. you know your brother can get you. on at the bank wow. you know you ought to. think about coming up because you know. for the first few years uh he would be like oh you should be. in that clint eastwood movie and it's just like yeah dad that's not how it works. like yeah i would love to. be in a cleaning hilarious parents. would be like why don't you get get snl. yeah yeah constantly and and it it. is one of those things. where you're just like well. yeah maybe i maybe i should scary. yeah what else do you. want to try doing you know. to be honest with you. you already know no no no after i did. that and the the i'm not an anxious. person but like that rush that i felt the 30. seconds i was on stage. yeah and even i had a it. wasn't even a joke. i had nothing to. say i was literally going to. go out there and say ladies and gentlemen. michael but i went out. there and i was like how y'all. doing right whatever i said hey how's everybody. doing and then i got like a response. and i'm like oh all right. well maybe i should do something. else yeah that's it. yeah yeah yeah that's it. yeah and then i did something. else and it didn't work. and i was like okay. i gotta get out of here. yeah and so i just immediately. i didn't even i don't even. think i said your name. i was like yeah i was like i've known. these guys um but very disrespectful. to not say my name yeah. yeah um but i there's something there. that really kind of uh that. really kind of excited me. and i i think maybe i've been scared. to do it um but i think i want. to do more live because i've never i've never done. i haven't done a play you said you did it. in high school right. there were one act place. it was like literally on stage. for 10 minutes okay so i think i want to. do a play i think i want to. get in front of an audience. and do something like that um i haven't had really had the opportunity. to do it because i haven't really focused. my energy in that direction but man. it was cool it was really. cool so i don't know yeah. it's the best job to. me it's the best job. in the world yeah but stand up. i still don't and i get asked. that all the time because are you a standup. why don't you just stand. up you're funny um and i'm just like nah. it's not my my art form. yeah but maybe maybe after i do a play and then i get more comfortable. on stage maybe i'll i'll go. and try some jokes. but also i know how much work it. is and in a weird. way i don't um i don't want to. cheat the system because i know. you and like oh what what. he's doing 10 minutes. before chris like that you know. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i put you on after me. i put you on after me. i do an hour and then you'd come on you. have to do six hot. minutes or in the middle. i'd be like in the middle. of a joke when they're all like i'd be like you guys. you don't get to. hear this now i got to. bring my buddy david sullivan. up and you come up. and you're like what's it. do with fruit you know. when you're dipping you. know when you're dipping. and you're working on your fence. uh because it broke because the cattle got out. what the [ __ ] is up. with spurs you know when you're like walking. and like you trip and then your calf. gets all bloody yeah write this. down yeah well hey by the way. i will be selling jacuzzis. uh after the show i have one so far. um you can buy it. highest bidder um so yeah yeah they're good. jokes yeah i think i'm gonna do. that yeah there you go. you guys thank you very. much for watching thank you. guys thanks for having me. buddy this is really fun. it was great yeah the first that. was really good nonfamily nonblood. yeah we'll cut it so you you look. good but uh you don't need to. cut it and uh also thank god. you can't see his bottom half. he's dressed like adam sandler on. a bad day honestly. he's got [ __ ] basketball shorts. on and cherry socks. which are red and blue and then shoes. that have orange in it. dude the guys are you blind. dude so thank you for coming. david sullivan and thank you. for uh ripping with us life. rips go to. chrysalia dot com get those. tickets the tour tickets. uh i'm gonna be in portland. and san diego and brea and uh seattle. and sugarland texas and midland. texas and uh austin. texas dude i love that. you're going to texas. so yeah bro i love texas yeah. well i have a lot. of people i got a lot. of friends that want to. come see you yeah. okay cool this one uh they can come. uh and also uh new york. and chicago and [ __ ] but thank you very much subscribe. like and uh thanks for listening. thanks for watching hey guys. that's it for the episode for youtube. if you want to. catch the uncut the uncensored the raw. the unedited version all you got to. do is go over going. over to our patreon that's patreon. dot com crystalia and you will. get the rest of this episode. and you will also get the extra episodes. um that are one one we do one. a month for only patreon people so and you get that for just six dollars. a month so that's patreon. dot com crystalia thanks a lot. [music] thank you [music] 