 [music] runk hello. everybody before we get into. the show uh i want to. talk to you about adam. and eve dot com. whether you're shopping for yourself. or someone special adam. and eve will have the perfect. gifts and with an amazing. deal get just about any item. or almost any item at 50% off plus free shipping. when you use this. podcast exclusive code lifeline at checkout. l i f l. i n e that's 50% off an adventurous new toy a slippery. lube or almost anything. else you desire our. podcast listeners will get 50% off almost any item oh this is crazy dude. so 50% off and that also free shipping. that equals out to. be more than 50% off if you do the math. wow more pleasure. in the bedroom is the gift. that keeps on giving treat yourself treat your partner. life is too short. to not enjoy yourself also it's very discreet. right it shows up to. your door in uh it's it's unmarked. packaging yeah it doesn't matter what. you choose it's it's all. discreet like that that's really great. not only will you save. money on gas movies. and date night dinners out but this. is the item that will continue to. save you money deliver tons of fun. and satisfaction go to. adam and eve dot com. select any one item use code. lifeline that's l i f. l i n e this. is an exclusive offer specific to. this podcast so if you're fan. of this podcast definitely use. this and be sure to. support our show and use this. code like lifeline to. get you not just the 50% off but also the 100%. free shipping that's cod lifeline go. to adam andeve dot com. right now lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed [music] professional hello. hello hello will hello hello [music]. you said it zer what. we could also do is i could go. and do like a a city. and do stand up and the night before. we do a live show. for lifeline in that same v. and then the night before. we do our lifeline show. people ask us [ __ ] and we do it in a theater. and then the next night. i just do standup. lifeline live yeah we could do literally a live one. live in person in person. right not just virtually like we do which we are going. to do another one. uh soon here yeah yeah yeah yeah you might like that. and you can make some money. um yeah dude we we you. know anyway um oh this is back. now okay all right. so um i got a dog. i got a dog here. ever stopped me who do you think. has a better outfit on now. me you i like your outf you like my shirt. i don't think you should hold. the dog the whole time. i will do you did. that you did that the other you did. that a few episodes. ago will do what i want. to do why don't you like it. because i think it it makes you feel constricted. and you don't have higher. energy want to. bet no jerking guys off. the guys are like this whoa. whoa well we definitely have to. bleep that out cuz it's the first minute. of the episode and we'll get demonetized. so um oh junior nobody likes you. the baby boy adam sandler. december 11th you guys it's december. 11th get your merch at lifeline. merch dot com it makes great. for holiday season and this is pretty. much the last time you can do. it um uh before and and still get it. for christmas yes um so go to. life uh lifeline merch dot com. right that's what it is. and uh you can also uh go to. life watch lifeline dot com if you have a descript if you have a um a question you click the link. in the description watch lifeline. dot com and you can also do. oneonone advice sessions with my. brother here at mata dot com. so we've been loving it. and uh then i am also you can also gift. tickets i will be uh doing standup. in san diego no uh january 7th. i will be in portland. oregon january 20th seattle washington lakeland. florida jacksonville sugarland texas new orleans. new york new york kansas. city springfield missouri midland texas minneapolis. minnesota columbus ohio boy idaho. among a bunch of other. dates go to. crystalia go to crystal. dot com and get those tickets. and uh yeah and welcome. to lifeline guys hey welcome. back to lifeline everybody welcome back. dude we really appreciate you. guys listening we know. we we just want to. be a staple in your household. you know what i mean. we love having this. the the sunday podcast. this is your sunday. podcast you you you just you wake up. a little later than normal. you have some breakfast you make some scrambled. eggs and you sip. that coffee and you just listen. to us give advices. isn't that right allow. us to be a staple in your life. you will not regret it wow. the worst sales pitch of all time. allow us to be a staple in your life. you will not regret it that's like the regret. it i say it like that. that's like the the world ended and then it's preapocalyptic and then this faction. took over and that's the and they play an image of you on. tv saying that and everyone like looks up. and watches it right. right all under one. like suppressive government whatever and you're and you're the talking. piece but it's not even you it's someone. else using an image of you and you already. died oh oh yep you died. a long time ago. because i'm a figure of influence they wanted to. look like me and it's me. behind the scenes cuz i'm the smart. one okay but i'm the one. everybody loves but i'm the one. that everyone should should love because i'm you know. i'm i'm misunderstood and the thing is i used. you even though i was the one. that was the righteous one. and you used me because i'm the voice. of the people and the people love me. because people are idiots and then if they were smarter. they love me and i misunderstood nope. yep so and that's fine. ner ner no sir ner it's just another. way to say no i mean. ner means like a low point. but it does i know. that uh but also sounds like an armenian. kid that i would be in high school. with ner hey hey bro hey hey hey i'm ner nice. to meet you oh yeah. for sure yeah yeah hey hey hey where you get that shirt. dog i like that uh i who did you have. in your grade i had goo i had nar. g [ __ ] mortal kombat. narb narb narb was sick. dude garo always had like so much. money well on him i mean. dude but no he was like 14. yeah but his and he had like that's how his dad. show ,000 you know 3,000 in high school. pocket yeah i mean he had bank that guy it. was probably 40 bucks you just didn't know what money. looked like no dude. i knew what money looked like [ __ ] that's how his dad showed him. love you know hey take this. hey take this i i love you. take this instead of me. telling you i love you. hilarious if that's how [ __ ] the dad was but narb was the [ __ ] though narb was like a legitimately cool guy i remember narb no you don't i do you do yeah i remember you talk about narb and i remember i know nb's face narb was sick he had this he didn't like to. drink but he didn't like to. tell people he didn't drink so he would get alcohol at parties. and then just like do the thing. where you walk backwards. and pour it out behind you oh wow. really and then like yeah i i i i've done. that before i got so sick. and tired of people telling me like that. why don't you drink why. don't you drink that. just hold a beer all [ __ ] night it was so annoying yeah you and narb peas and a pod narb and chris like a children's book narb and chris why are you not drinking narb well because people make people make fun of me so i act like it um do you know how to. spell nar n a rba a no n. a rb and accent and h. yeah yeah nar yeah nar. um so yeah i had now. those guys were armenian. or persian armenian persian. is not a thing anymore. persia doesn't exist. well but that's ir ran. now you're iranian i mean my friend. sam is persian no but he means i know. i know he means something. else yeah i mean he knows he means it. i'm not saying he doesn't know. what he's talking about so what's the movie. prince of persia then jake jonal is not persia persia used. to be a thing and persia is something. that people from that area. if they have like a deep love of where they're from. do which i do like originally. they say they're persian. yeah so jake gyllenhaal it would that was whitewashing. they would never cast him. now for i 100% completely in fact i can't believe he hasn't. been canceled after the fact. definitely would be i've thought. about this exact. thing more than once. pers yeah and it's amazing. that that that still stands that. really wasn't that long. ago no it wasn't it. was like eight years. ago maybe dude i was with my tour. manager and somebody was try trying to. reference jake gyllenhaal and and and they said have you ever. seen that movie and it was a movie. jake gyllenhaal was in and my and and my tour. manager goes like this he says oh yeah it's with that [ __ ] guy from prince of persia and i was like that's the [ __ ] jake jill's like yeah he's in spiderman go home or whatever the [ __ ] it's called yeah i guess now yeah but yeah truly yeah that's weird um yeah so but uh yeah i i i sam shisami and and and his brother were the two i mean persians that i [ __ ] his brother solar was the one in my grade yeah and then uh love those dudes they're down for they're down for whatever sam's down for whatever dude if i had to. kill someone sam would be like hey don't do it. i'll do it yeah yeah yeah i don't see or talk. to salar anymore but sam yeah is great. well that's because when i'm a when i have a homie. that [ __ ] runs deep dude. my homies run deep and i do not stop chilling. with the homies that's true. you you hang out with the weirdest. people and you never stop hanging out with those. never to dud. if somebody's a homie. they're a homie with me. you understand how do they prove. their homom time oh that's it. time time and do you you know. what i mean like i i basically i feel. like friendships are [ __ ] up nowadays you know it's all for show it's all fake especially with the internet and like i've been in hollywood and obviously i've been [ __ ] thrown under the bus and backstabbed and [ __ ] but like the [ __ ] that stuck with me dude for life well yeah yeah cuz people surprise you in both ways in your life you can't just be you know people backstab people and everyone's been backstabbed and everyone's been betrayed uh but people also surprise you the other way too and you don't think about that if you dwell on the negative but uh the the you know homies for life if you're if you're my homie dude yeah that's like i'm you know i hate to. say this dude because people often say. this and they don't mean it. bro but bro i'm built different. okay you he's unorthodox right. but you just said i don't like this. say this even though. you've been talking about it. for 90 seconds straight i'm built different. right when it comes to. i'm old school dude when it comes to. friendships and homies i'm old. school when it comes to. friendships and homies he's unorthodox. when it comes to. friendships and homies what you. see is what you get dude. if i tell you i'm there. i'm there right yeah i'm too loud. no no i'm just like i'm loud. though you're very loud you're heating. up yeah and it's but but that's annoying. right i had to have something. to do while you were talking. about yourself for so long. so do you think i'm built different. in that way yeah you you. are yeah and yeah do you think that i'm i'm i'm unorthodox. in that way i so insecure. uh no i think that's a way. that a lot of people are not enough. but it's a good thing. to be and it's a way. that a good amount. of people are i guess. it is dwindling rare right. for people to do that. way yeah but they go like this. when they i hear people. talking about me i'm walking. by unorthodox different unorthodox. oh that does not happen. he is with friendships that does not happen. okay i did it i was walking. down the street and somebody goes i i literally heard built different. you none of the other words. friendships orthodox none of the other words. i no i didn't hear. the other words but he goes. different friendship wow i mean. that's that's pretty i guys stop talking about. me and they go no dude. i just know that when you're homies. your homies it's thick. as [ __ ] thick as blood everyone knows it about you i mean yeah okay okay great great okay cool okay okay great so wel be okay uh welcome to. lifeline we've been here now. and we're ready to. go yep i got my and i got my dmx shirt. on so now we're ready to. go he has his dmx shirt. on i got my [ __ ] lenci aga [ __ ] on and we're ready to. go stop so out of breath. drop shut them down. open up shop good part. oh whoa good part. said i'm not r as okay. are you're so out of breath. right now and and you're good. yeah it was i mean. it's hard to. do all those notes don't like burn. yourself out in the first 10. minutes of the show you. know you're right all right. cool let's do it all right. let's go hey chris hey matt. big fan me. and my h has been our. super huge fans we actually. bonded over listening to. congratulations at the beginning of our. relationship being being shout out to. you chris so our dilemma. that we have we have a rescue dog. his name is cooper. and um we've had him for a little over. a year now and he actually just bit me. for the second time the other day. and to the point. where it drew blood. and um i have had to. go to the doctor to. get on antibiotics so that. i don't get an infection. from it so my question. is do we keep cooper. and i just steer clear. of him and let my husband do all the care. for him and cuddling and love no or do. we try and give him. to somebody else let us know. what you think and have them. kill them dude i think honestly it's crazy. how often we do stuff. in this episode and then the first thing. is exactly what we were talking. about i was talking about dmx and this. lady is calling about her dogs. that bite m do i get credit. for that yeah like a like a yeah. i'm like a seer yeah. um i think honestly you got to. give the dog up that's crazy. the dog drew blood you're going. to have kids you can't. have the dog around period. i know you have a little bit sorry. did they say they're having kids. i'm no no no but i'm saying if that is in the future. definitely you got to. get rid of the dog. i mean there's no i wonder. what i think what she's implied is. that she the dog. has not bitten her husband i don't know. but she he bit her. twice i know i'm just wondering why that might be like why. it's only biting her because she's not the alpha i don't know maybe certainly could be that. yeah but uh that's weird. i mean i'm just imagining her like holding him. upside down and not realizing. it's a bad idea or something. oh well yeah i mean she she doesn't seem like an idiot. but i mean like she doesn't yeah. uh if you if you can rehouse it in a way that you think is better. for the dog and also better. for the owners aka they don't get bit. by the dog m uh then yeah sure but i really don't believe in giving dogs. back in general you get the dog. you get uh giving it to. someone else that you know. and trust is a different thing. because you're not like throwing it. back into the pool. yeah of any go crazy. [ __ ] can take it well i think she was saying giving it to. some she said give it. to someone else right. so i'm just i'm just saying if you're going. to give it to. someone else that you know. and trust is going to. be a good dog owner. then then yeah do it and then get a dog. that's more docile and gentle and better. for your spefic home um what's this. what what am i looking at the [ __ ] is this. why do you bring up. brandon mcmillan oh you can do a dog. training thing yeah those dogs. are beautiful look at that. black dog beautiful right. beautiful um yeah that's interesting. i have a dog named. cooper and he couldn't be more docile so um maybe they could meet somewhere. in the middle and be good dogs. together you know um yeah i don't know what you do. in that situation i mean. look you said husband if you're planning. to have kids you got to. get rid of the dog. period like can't have a dog. that bites people around your kid. that's a [ __ ] yeah even if it's train. you never know like what a baby. can [ __ ] really upset a dog. real quick yeah oh yeah oh yeah you know. um but yeah that's a tough spot. to be in uh get definitely try. and get it trained you. can try and do that. try to get the dog. trained you know yeah i know it's money but yeah yeah i mean. i would say do do all the things. that you could do to. try to keep it. you obviously love the dog. it sounds like uh and are trying. to come up with the version. of the future where like it. only cuddles and lets your husband. pet it that's not a viable. situation good it's not good. you got to have a dog. that is compatible with every person. in the house right. uh so try to. get it trained do all. the things you can do and if it doesn't work. yes rehome the dog but don't just put it back. to the shelter or wherever. you got it from give it to. somebody you you know and why is that. because it's a responsibility once you [ __ ] taking a dog i'm not disagreeing with it you don't just have give backs you know right. i mean they do that. for like you know shirts. that don't fit but okay. yeah but these are living [ __ ] creatures that you ostensibly. love or robots that. the government is implementing pretending. that they're living creatures just trying. to track your every move. but yeah no those are just birds. those are only the birds. that the government does that. with um but yeah uh yeah all right. so there you have it. be responsible that's all. yep let's go here. we go yo what's up. chris and matt um i need some advice. on some stuff just on making some content. creating a couple lightsabers sori. um but i guess i'm trying to. ask today is my girlfriend. and i broke up. about a week ago. and we're still hanging out um the reason. she broke up with me. is because she wanted to. kind of work on herself. and make herself a little bit better. because she's not treated me. super well i mean she was not really treating me. super great but i i'm happy. and i was always happy with her. um but she broke up. with me but we're still hanging out. so but i i want more from this. but she just doesn't want to. put a label on. it should i put an ultimatum. on it should i try. to talk it out a little bit more. with her how many robots. she just doesn't seem super receptive. to the idea of getting back. together but she does want to. still hang out and be around. me because she says i'm her. favorite person and that she loves. me still so anyways. um could help could uh do well with advice. i mean i need it so uh thanks. guys the podcast just sharpening 900. pencils behind him if you if if you are her favorite person. and she loves you then why. the [ __ ] hell isn't she being your girlfriend. here we go what's happening. who whoa whoa. what is happening she's lying. so what what's the truth. then i mean she wants someone. else so what is she doing. in the meantime still hanging out. with him right cheating oh wow really well yeah dude she doesn't want to. be with him dude. if she doesn't treat him. right if she's feeling guilty about. all this [ __ ] you know i i didn't mean to. [ __ ] a mortar on it then she should just let it go though yeah i know but she look at how malleable he is you know what i mean yeah he's just he's like look i'm happy. though i'm happy's making lightsabers for [ __ ] sake. he's easy going in too. many directions yeah d you got to. get rid of this chick right. it sounds like she is. saying [ __ ] but her actions aren't aligning it i think you just need to. say and not worry about don't. worry about having the parachute. on the way out of the plane. because sometimes you just got to. go with the [ __ ] risk but you got to. say hey if that's true. if i'm your favorite person you don't like hanging out. with anybody else as much as me. and you love me. yeah like what are you. doing yeah date me be my girlfriend. date me let's do it. horizontally and intertwine our hearts. because you are just trying to. work on your it's the whole thing. it's like that's what you say. it's like it's not you it's me. it's like that's what she's given him. man it's and and and but then still hanging out i get that. if it's like i'm joking. about the cheating thing i don't know if she's cheating but she definitely if she doesn't dude. when people want to. be with you they just say no. i want to. be with you i want to. be with you i don't want to. not be with you if she [ __ ] up she's like i [ __ ] up i'm sorry but i want to. be with you yes and she's not saying that. it's one thing to. it's one thing to. not treat someone right. and it's another thing to. not want to be with them. right like you need to. like she she's doing both. of those she's not treating right. and she's not saying she wants to. be with them so those are two things. that you got to. be like well i guess i'm making more lightsabers. because like i'm going to. have some time on my hands. because cuz what's you going. to do then just come to. him for some horizontal. mambo [ __ ] what do you think you should do though. sincerely make more lightsabers become a [ __ ] businessman be a f. work on yourself she can work. on herself you work on yourself. 10 what what should he do. about her not like what. should do with his life. what's that he's just saying bye. wav by he's on a boat. dude so he's your suggestion. to him is just nixer okay. but otherwise you're going to. be stringing along you're going. to be making some lightsabers. bro become a businessman make multiple lightsabers create. content make the content your life. dude cuz right now i could tell dude. she's just stringing you along and you're like okay. i don't know uh you know. i'm happy but you're happy. bro because you're passive okay. okay but i would say instead. of just cutting the cord. outright go into a conversation. with her and say all the things that i was saying. before but be ready for her to. give some [ __ ] excuse and then say byebye totally bybye byebye by booyah booya and booya. imagine if if he did. that he would be my hero. but uh but yeah that that i agree. with i agree with matt and then be prepared. and then do what i did. what i said so we got a we got a a onew. deia punch we got a onew punch. we got a what matt. said and then what i said to. send it off and what i said. is not less important. because at second it's kind of more. like the rounding home kind of thing. so it's even more important no. i would say it's like what. i'm supplying is like 60. to 70% of what's important. you got the tail. end 20 you know i think it's we could say. you did 60 70% but then i did. 100% so it's like in essence. all of it is 170%. that's not how math. works i know but you know. like i said unorthodox and that's why. they say that you defy. math yeah i defy math. unorthodox m another one another one. blind hey matt and chris i am. anonymous here in connecticut. and i had a question. for you in conversation when i'm talking. to my friends coworkers people at church. and they share devastating. news bad news and i respond. in empathy saying i'm sorry. cool they sometimes respond. oh it's not your fault. right and i know it's not my fault. but i'm just trying to. be nice and show empathy. and i feel like they're the idiot but am. i the idiot and what should i say. if i keep hearing. that response from people because it boils my blood i love you. guys i watch your historical documents. all the time aka your older. podcast and absolutely love. you all right thanks by okay. dude this is what we this. is what you do. hey uh say something my dog. died or whatever my cat. say my cat died. my cat died i'm sorry. oh it's not your fault. yes it is and then st d that. that that's a great. uh thing to. end the tension right. but really though what yes. it is what do you do. though for real it's a it's not it's not your fault. yeah that is a weird. [ __ ] thing for people to. say also how many people have devastating. news around you at church. you know i mean that's the place. to go with devastating. news church uh what the [ __ ] though. how many people are that's what i'm saying. yeah how many people are it. is a thing people say. but how often are you saying and having that response. maybe you're the per. maybe she's the person she has that face. that people go to. for like oh man. you know right but then i'm sorry. is such a universally understood thing. is like it's empathizing this. is what you're supposed to. say that if apologizing oh my cat. died oh i'm sorry yeah. me too yeah yeah it. sucks i but also also you know. what all you have to. do all you have to. do to the anonymous. woman here all she has to. do is say i'm sorry. to hear that oh that. blocks it yeah sorry to. hear that i'm sorry to. hear that and they but yeah. they can try to. jump on you but you i'm sorry to. hear that you've destabilized that's good. advice you killed it. right there and that blocks. it yeah immediately you block. that [ __ ] that's like what do you call it um the um what do you call those things that you take anti uh what do you call those [ __ ] things what do they do what yeah beta. blockers yeah that's it. dude yeah anti you. know i just created a beta. blocker of the of the conversation. beta blocker of the heart. beta blocker of the mind. beta blocker of the combo. beta blocker of the conversation. mhm is what it is. oh okay okay well i said what. i said but yeah i mean i pretty much. said beta blocker of the. combo but yeah i am what i am okay. people often say uh annoying. [ __ ] [ __ ] like that though and that's just life my baby. and you got to. [ __ ] trudge through the the the the you know the meer. the what the muck and the meer. yeah what's meer uh randy meers. the picture wow i don't know is that what that meant. no all right i know oh you know. everything i know it doesn't me. the muck and the randy myers. oh you know everything. huh no but anyway uh boggy. ground it means see bogy. ground and i knew that wade. bogy all right wow so such a baseball. nut now a word from our. sponsor better help therapy's the best. man therapy i don't even know where i'd be. without therapy uh and frankly. uh more people should be doing it. and that might mean you uh i promise. you if you don't have therapy. in your life get it. in your life mark my words. it will be a better life. speaking of better how about better. help as the world's largest. therapy service better help has matched three million. people with professionally licensed and vetted. therapists available 100% online plus it's actually affordable unlike my therapist just fill out. a brief questionnaire to. match with therapist if things aren't clicking with that therapist you can easily switch to. new therapist anytime it could not literally could not be simpler. no waiting rooms no traffic no endless searches for the right. therapist it's all on a platter. right there for you by better. help learn more and save 10% of your first month. at betterhelp dot com. lifeline that's betterhelp hp dot com. lifeline the holidays are here the holidays. are here it is the season. of giving people things we are popping. our merch all over the place. thank you thanks to. shipstation ship station is the bomb. as uh my mom says the most. wonderful time of the year. is also the most hectic time. of the year everyone puts. off shopping until the last minute. i know i do and if you have an online. store you know the feeling. of getting hit with a ton. of orders all at once. when you're buried in orders and emails. from stress customers you will wish you had. ship station ship station turns. holid ship storms into. smooth sailing so you can keep your customers happy. and still find time. to enjoy some eggnog ship. station keeps us prepared. for lifeline drops and the holiday season. for our merch everybody. loves ship station over 130,000 companies have grown their ecommerce businesses with ship station and 98% of companies that stick with shipstation for year become customers for life baby for life this holiday holid season give yourself the gift of stressfree holiday shipping use the promo code lifeline today at shipstation dot com to. sign up for your free. 60day trial that's shipstation. dot com promo code. lifeline hi all right. what's up guys i got a funny. one for you so been messing around. with this girl for the past. couple of weeks start. with her one night after we went to. the bars after school. um went back to. her place she was with her. boyfriend that night too oh. but he was in her. room and i was kind of on. the couch with her so catches that. she does have a boyfriend. he knows me i know. him but we're not friends. like that i think she likes. me more than i thought so ever. since that night we've been hanging out kind of on. the low um pretty much doing everything. when it comes to. hooking up she's asked me. to hold it. while i even pee so god. pretty bizarre um we've done. the horizontal mamba a couple. of times but she started. crying after and stopped it short. because she claims she feel guilty she hold. your dick on claims. she isn't cheating and her boyfriend doesn't treat her right. but she keeps going back. to him even though she will talk to. me as well so it's it's calmed down a bit. but the question i have for you. guys is do i keep talking to. her or do i kind of just leave her. alone and let the situation play. out oh this is a nightmare dude. this is a dude yeah bring up. the conversation and tell her. you're not going to. see her anymore when she's holding your penis. while you're peeing be like. also what do you do. with your hands if she's you never had someone. hold your pee while your pee or hold. your penis yeah yeah had that yeah yeah um so the truth. comes out you know my my agent. used to do it. um i you know in there. um no but yeah i think that that's absolutely. uh i mean this is a [ __ ] travis this is a debacle right. here what's he doing dude. you know what he's doing you. know what he's doing he's making trouble. no you know what he's doing. being a guy he's being a young. guy yeah yeah yeah dumb dumb. but uh it's bad you know. it's bad that's why. you're called in right. but uh uh it's uh man. you got to also you know. the guy you went in his house. and you did it. with her and he was sleeping. in the room what are you doing. dude this is you're you know. what dude you're going to. end up dead that's what this. is yeah no that's you're going. to end up dead so she and then he's going. to do it yeah. definitely i mean this. is absolutely insane i don't know. i know guys get in situations. like this where it's just like yeah. man but it just you know. it felt too good had. to had to it's look i i get it. yeah he is going to. get killed you're right uh this is the kinds of things. people kill people over. for sure yeah the two things. that people kill people over. are love and money. yes and this is about [ __ ] love well when men get like their ego bruised. is when they kill people oh dude. when you get your ego. bruised over love forget it. dude not us don't say you no. not you you said you you the proverbial. you no not it's it's not that. common i'm saying there are certain [ __ ] though. that haul off and can't control their. [ __ ] and they [ __ ] kill you and it sounds like this guy is one of those guys he's going to. kill you dude yeah i mean you're going to. have a [ __ ] a [ __ ] gun talking to. you dude i mean this. is just ridiculous dude. you're you're gonna how about this dude. you're going to die. all right so you should call it. off yeah call it. off bro also you did the horizontal. mamba right also anytime you're doing a horizontal. mambo with somebody and then they start. crying that's that's the last time. yeah you can't be doing that. that's the last time. dude this is not a good. sign under any circumstance. that is not a good sign. it's like you're doing [music]. [ __ ] i'll see you later forever. yep moon walking out it's been fun. high five the guy. in the way out yep. sorry bro didn't even really know. you like that yeah that was what does. he mean by that didn't yeah. i know i don't really know him. like that he's kind of my friend. but i don't really know. him like that okay. what i mean is i don't really know. him like that what i mean. by that is um i know him. but not well enough to. not [ __ ] his girl in his house i'm the worst guy. uh he hasn't given any reason to. not like end it. like he's not like i really like her. like she's justar she's just around. yeah he's just doing a horizontal. mamba bro so then if that's all it. is absolutely stop it if you if you really love. her though and you want to. be like with her now look still you're going. to end up dead but try to. [ __ ] you know be like look i want to. be with you yes going to. end up dead anyway but you know. at least go out with love right. what you could also say. if you really do like her is say this. boyfriend you obviously not not that. into him but why don't you break. up with him and we can date. yeah instead of cheating on him why don't you be with me. and cheat on me. because that's going to. happen nobe she's into. him maybe she is but she obviously is feeling. well she's conflicted you need to. get it right with her. you need to. talk with her and say what's going on. if you don't want to. do that then it's within your right. to just bounce bro. i mean she's the one. with the boyfriend you don't really owe. her anything and you know. i mean if you want to. be a good guy. you maybe say like look. i can't do this anymore. but bro look i've seen you i can. tell your energy and you're not going to. do that you're not a good. guy um yeah dude. i mean if you want to. change and become a good guy. then these things are on the table. we know that you're not. a good guy so it's in your best. interest just to. simply end it yeah with with her. and either way let me just be totally frank. either way your life's going. to end very soon you're going. to be k you're going. to be killed yeah. yeah either way dude you're going. to have guns talking to. you dude i mean they're just going. to [ __ ] those [ __ ] you know those ones with just a pick here's what you they're all going to. be having a conversation if you love. your friends and family stay. away from them because they might catch a stray bullet. yeah dude they didn't want. to have a conversation with some [ __ ] weapons. right but all of a sudden. because of your love triangle. yeah your family's going. to have a conversation with some weapons. right didn't want that right. that's why they didn't want. the gat to. talk to him. that's why he should respect. them and stay far away. how am i talking to. something that's 4 lb. right yeah right because because the only thing that's 4. pbs is a baby. and they don't understand english. and how to. speak it oh look. a glock is 4. pounds too pat right. in his face okay. do you understand what i'm saying. i mean i do yeah. i'm hanging on by a thread. understanding cuz this guy is basically. making the other guy think and obessive thought which is i really don't want. to have to. [ __ ] pull out something from my draw that weighs 4. lbs why are you. getting hung up on the weight. of the thing it's just a [ __ ] nice way. to talk about a gun okay. guns four are guns. four pbs there are there's a 4. pound burner you know what i mean. oh okay i don't know you. sound like you don't know but i i have no idea. but it it you know. if it was 4. pbs it's hilarious and i'm very. funny if that is true. what's a 4b gun oh mills spin beef. jones is what he googles. 24 4 o 3 5.8 lb. oh word up oh okay. so then how how heav is a glock 19. go ahead right there. the first block glock 19. right there fully load of glock. 19 almost [ __ ] two lbs that doesn't sound cool that doesn't sound right at all what gun is four lbs just do that wow just want i want it to. fit in my [ __ ] to. be right you know eagles four pounds. okay so i was talking about the canon denver. dude i i said google. something and he didn't do it. dude yeah he did. oh it is oh yeah. that desert eagle bro you don't want that. [ __ ] you don't want that. dry bird coming at you right. speaking your language wow you don't want that [ __ ] you know you're yelling just [ __ ] and and he's [ __ ] and he's i know you like this part oh and then that [ __ ] dry bird just coming up right behind you speaking to. you dude you don't want that. right no no nobody wants a massive. dry bird behind them speaking. to them oh man. i love this so much. and i love you dude. and this is so great but i sure hope i i sure i sure hope that no. [ __ ] 4 pound dry bird. is behind po right. famous last words the four. pound dry bird yeah. all right the four pound dry. bird that'll be the epod. name the four pound dry bird. all right next one hi. matt hi curis um curtis lauren from kentucky. hell yeah um forgot who. she is i have a problem. fully forgot who she is so. my fiance and i bought a cutting. board from homegoods love. this one so far. um around halloween so it has a design of a ouija board what. what why so i mean what forward. we go to um florida. halloween hor kns continuously and my mother. is watching our kids at our house. no so i get ridiculous amount of messages. about how terrible. this ouija board cutting. board is wow and how she threw. it out and she broke. it and she doesn't want to. be in our house because oh that's saitan all. that good stuff i knew. it more than you you're not a detective. for that but i knew it. more than you i finally got irritated. and told her to. leave and got somebody else to. watch my kids oh my god um because obviously she wasn't comfortable. in my house kentucky she's crazy. the family is on me. because on you i told my mother. to leave and how dare i kick my mother. out wow they agree with her that's so crazy. i'm at this point where i'm kentucky. it's a halloween decoration. and it doesn't mean that much to. me and i mean i don't care. to get rid of the ouiji board this. is the best bo um. but she just talking to. herself now yeah at this. time tom that's silly forgot she. was doing a video and thought she was talking on. facetime with her husband right. with her fiance h. nobody else realizes how silly. that is okay so dude. should i throw it out uh dude. you know definitely do not throw it. out stand hang it up. dude put it on the front door. hang it up make it the bottom of the part. you knock on you know and then when the mother. comes by when your mother. comes by and says what the hell why. is this here go like this. oh my god i didn't put that. there what yeah that's so good. yeah and you when you were having a conversation. with her and she was like i got to. leave i can't believe you have a satanic. thing she should have been like mom. it's fine it was just a decoration. from halloween i am dark. from the underworld dude that would have been unbelievable. yeah and she would have she believed it. for sure oh yeah dude if she believed that. she'll believe that also did what did. she a terrible the grandma. dude left the kid. high and dry for the [ __ ] satan. to come get him i don't understand. dude that is how [ __ ] stupid you could be how like taken with just the dumbest ideology. you can this woman's obviously. in her 60s yeah at the at the youngest. at the youngest this [ __ ] needs to. know better you can't be that. crazy anymore people. how she grew up that's how she grew up. it's how she grew up. but she's 60 now she has no excuse. well but i'm saying that it. was indoctrinated in her head that that's what it. was dude some people think that [ __ ] halloween is like legitimately like a a a time where people like get their souls stolen you know and that just doesn't free. yeah i mean people are [ __ ] crazy the thing is never get rid of it now they've done something where you can't get rid of it. you need to. on principle keep it guess. i mean it's or she seems. actually this this lady seems so chill. that she's just like if i just get rid of it. i won't have the headache. and i i get that dude. i get that like it. doesn't it it's annoying. it it think your stress level. you're dealing with this. pretty well i think like she just like pretty. blas about it it probably it. probably is a bigger issue. than you're making it out. to be i know what to. do what i know what. to do throw it away. but anonymously send all different kind of ouija. board [ __ ] to. your mom's house i think that's a great. idea like in the mail. yep and also like because you're going. to be there sometimes you can like leave stuff. under the couch where it's poking out a little bit. she finds it scare the [ __ ] [ __ ] out of her because you can't and because she's [ __ ] crazy and because she's stupid and because she deserves it she just she just people yeah you need to. start having more fun with life. dude you know it's annoying. clip it on its head dude. this is the spin move mentality. that we talk about just spin it. on its ass yeah right. yeah dude i mean just honestly. throw the ouija board away. and do not speak of this. no um hurting your neck. hurting your neck i. think it's pretty wild. man that people believe in that [ __ ] you know people like like toast will pop up and they they're like oh the virgin. mary is burned in it. yep this this whole house is religious. we need to make it. a church the whole house. is religious it's just absolutely. insane like it's fine. to believe in religion. i don't give a [ __ ] dude. and you know like who am i to. say there's no god i have no [ __ ] idea like i don't know either way sure but like to. be that [ __ ] sure about it about that about that is absolutely she. bought it from [ __ ] homegoods. mh yeah well that you know. demonic entities on h. goods sure yeah homegoods wow. wow homegoods yeah what do you think about that. i think that the moment. you have a child you love. going to homegoods. the moment you have possess a single child. you instantly love to. shop at homegoods you know what i'm saying yeah. i mean i mean kristen. loved homegoods no matter what but now that calvin's. around really she's it's homegoods. central she's the mayor of hoods the thing. homegoods dude she's the mayor of homegoods. and the [ __ ] and the and the governor of target. oh i mean just straight. she got into politics. huh yep i didn't know. that i will increase chachki spending by. 100% if elected governor of target. this is kristen i will increase. ceramic angel spending ceramic angel and also really anything you could really want because target has everything. i will increase spending chachki spanding 100%. yeah she doesn't sound anything. like that what is that you know. i don't know i just picked an accent. it's like your qvc voice yeah. it was i real in the middle. and i tred to. back off it yeah too late. he's got tricks in. his bag and he's he's getting exposed uh all right. cool well uh we could do another. one he's getting exposed up. chris and matt chris huge fan. saw you in atlanta um don't know what dates. you're putting out there. now but guys go see him. he was hilarious and thanks. for introducing me to. matt as well um so guys i need advice. on something i am somebody. that really struggles. with uh discipline like self discipline. um i just if i don't want to. do something i have a really hard. time doing it even if i know. i need to i'm just i don't. do it and i will and if i do i complain. the entire time um and i know. it's something that i really. need to change and get better. at so what's your advice. for how to like be more. selfdisciplined and you know. get [ __ ] done um do i need to. like run a marathon or something. um any advice would be appreciated. love you guys weir advice. for yourself yeah i mean i hate doing [ __ ] i'm running. marathon only if running a marathon. is one of those things. that you've been avoiding. forever that you need to. do you said you suffer. from it too dude. you're disciplined but here's the thing. here's how i stopped being like that. the the i was like that. oh but i realized once. i started actually taking care of [ __ ] the amount that. the of anxiety that was nagging. at me to. do that [ __ ] was way worse than the experience. of doing any of the things. that i was anxious. about putting off so it's like damn. doing it you're saving. yourself from anxiety so once you realize that. doing the thing becomes a better. option than the alternative and it become the more. you get into the habit. of that the more true. it becomes okay so i hear what you're saying. and i i understand what you're saying. and you think ahead and that's great. but how about this dude. what about somebody who says this. to that but i don't want to. they say okay but then she's stuck. still well that's her [ __ ] problem isn't it it's tough to. be disciplined man sometimes i imagine i go. like this [ __ ] i got to. i got to work out. right i don't want to. but in my head if i want to. and i know i'm going. to do it it's practically. already done because time. is irrelevant and i know that. it's going to. be done so it's practically. done if i know i'm going. to do it it's that's like 50% of the whole thing. so do you end up doing it. yeah then i'll end up doing it. okay then yeah yeah yeah i know. it's done because i already decided to. do it it's practically tomorrow. and how do you think this. applies to her because you know. if you have to. do [ __ ] she's disciplined whatever say she's a whatever a writer and she's got to. write a manuscript or some [ __ ] she thinks i got to. write three pages today i have to. do that by 8:00. p.m. i already did it basically. because i already chose. to do it that's interesting. yeah i do that sometimes. and it works man. so then what is the thing. that gets you to. actually do it is it. the fact that you have you can't. you can't let a thing not. happen that you've already decided has happened. yeah you make decisions. in life and if you've made the decision. it's already done you're not. deciding maybe i'll do that. you've decided i'm going to. do that that's going to. be done today so therefore it's done. and so because i made the decision. right and so the fear of going. back on that it les. okay yeah yeah it it actually works. it's a [ __ ] weird thing and i'm basically a life coach. that's one of the smarter. things i've ever heard you say um you don't say. a lot of smart things. i do i do and that's the crazy. thing about it is. and you realize that no i don't and no i don't think that and i've decided that you realize that and so basically it's already done uh no i think anyway that's good that's good advice. too so both equally. good advices that we gave yeah. so i i wish i knew what your whole. thing is you were struggling with or what your discipline. you maybe it's chores. maybe it's doing the dishes. but i [ __ ] did this last night. my sense is it's like going. it's okay with issue you will. issue you in oops. but it's fine it's like going. my sense is like it's going. to the doctor going to. the dentist [ __ ] like that but i could be wrong. actually i did it going. back on what i said before. you really interrupt me but like before i [ __ ] threw out a oops. right please do um is it. it basically i did it. with the dishes last night i knew. i had to do it. and i thought i don't want to. do it because who the [ __ ] wants to. do the dishes right. and i thought you know. what when i go to. bed the bishes the bishes the [ __ ] when i go to. bed them [ __ ] when i go to. bed the dishes will be done. therefore they're done i've decided and i did it. and i did it and it was a lot. easier because i knew it. was going to be done. as i was doing it. he plays tricks on. his own mind he plays tricks. on his own mind. we got to once. we realize how faulty our. own brains are we got to. play tricks on them to. make playing tricks on. me dude this podcast is a musical. dude uh my mom's p. check on me not the gangster. version the [ __ ] cleaning dishes version oh you know that song no you don't know that song no my mom playing tricks on. me yeah i know so so then you li. but you said playing something. about doing dishes it's obviously. don't talk about doing dishes. okay well then i don't know it. this year halloween came on the weekend. or whatever the [ __ ] it's that song is one of the greatest hiphop songs of all time yeah that song's great is there two though there's one the regular one and the other one is about one no the one i was making that up now. as a joke so there's only one there's one and then i i guess you could argue that i created. a new one right. now but okay until the beginning. of this show there was only one one. only one i mean you can't google. you can only google one. but at this point after this. food song after this. maybe somebody make a remix about. the doing dishes one right. but i made that up and i want the credit. right you should get at least 15% of i'm the writer of it. i'm not the [ __ ] i didn't make the music of it. but i'm the writer of it. right right um but that song is. awesome have you seen the music. video s great uh maybe forever. ago yeah yeah he's punching on. the dude and then you realize he's just punching on. the concrete oh yeah yeah dude. wow r so sexy the way you're doing. it i [ __ ] fight being so sexy but you what it it almost makes me more sexy oh i see like ask me if i'm sexy are you sexy no and you're saying that makes sex did yeah right all right so let's do another one sure what's up matt and chris one of the property brother. huge fan of the show. chris been a big love your. comedy bu um and also congrats. on your cute kid calvin's. amazing i've got two myself. just found out wife's pregnant. with the third yes dude. but this kind of brings me. to my question and my advices. that i need so been working for uh. i'm an accountant i'm. a cpa working for my uncleinlaw. for seven years told him. i want to. do my own thing he wants. me to pay for clients. that he was just going. to give away for free. um and i don't agree with that. but i don't want to. burn any bridges i want to. do what's best what does. that mean no i'm pissed you paused it. what does that mean. pay for clients that. he was going to. get for free what does that. mean like he was going. to turned clients away. who was the his uncleinlaw. and he was going to. just do that because he couldn't fit them. in yeah and now he wants a cut of it. for sending those clients to him. or they were clients. of the uncle inlaws and he was maybe managing them and now he wants to. break off and do his own. thing and take those clients. with him and the uncle wants to. wants a cut of it. he wants either a cut of it. or just pay him a fee. for taking those clients well. atypical it's just kind of yeah that would make more. sense atypical it's not atypical for that to. happen no that's normal what i'm saying. would not be normal how do you know. that's normal you know. [ __ ] about this yeah in client services or like any sort of agencies that do this. like do they yes yeah okay. i don't know that yeah. okay i mean you're being so hostile. you know i i know nothing. about but well the answer is. yes we keep saying. yes but but you're not a lawyer. and [ __ ] and you're not like a no but i'm also not a [ __ ] evolutionary biologist i can tell you about [ __ ] so we come for monkeys yeah then why they're still monkeys okay solid anyway for me and my family um and do it respectfully but part of me is like i've had seven years of shovel and [ __ ] and i'm kind of tired of it do i just go in there give them the spin move and say taking these clients with me didn't sign any noncompete best. of luck or do i try to. approach him and say hey i don't agree with with paying you for these and here's why. either way i would appreciate whatever. you guys got thank you. so much and uh love the podcast. peace those are two options. he was right about what it. is right and [music]. uh i think the latter. is the one he should do. to go in and ask him. about it and talk to. him about yeah and if he gives you any kind of hostility or push back. be just get drop the hammer. because if you got the hammer. in your back pocket why. you waste it up. front except well i'll tell you why. okay because you you know. it's better to. you could argue that it's better. to appear firm in your beliefs and strong and be like yo i'm not doing. this period and then because because here's the thing. there's wiggle room the other way. is is all and i'm not saying that. this is the right. thing to do those are the two. options that you you should definitely explore. but if you if you go in and you say hey so here's why i think this and that. then the guy well this and that and this and that and then you might work. out to something. that isn't you might have to. compromise but if you go. in and you say hey listen. i didn't sign anything. it's been seven years. of me working for this. i want to. go off on my own. these clients are more. comfortable with me you weren't going. to use them anyway. so i'm going to. take them and i don't feel like i owe. you anything and that's just how it's going. to be mh it. you know do you know what i'm saying. and you don't let him. get a word in about it. well he can say whatever. he wants but this is what's happening. right i mean he can just do that. right yeah if he didn't sign. a noncom compute right it's just then then it's weird. for family to. do that like i mean. who you're you know yeah. family's different all across the world. but i i would never do that. to like if you were going. to be like okay just take him. yeah that is very strange. maybe he should drop the hammer. up front yeah i've been i've been convinced. yeah it is kind of weird. that the family that that. you know it is his uncleinlaw. so who knows how real close. they are like familywise well i never even. heard of uncleinlaw but no uncle inlaw is. like uh vinnie to. christen no i know what it. is okay but but it's just i've never heard i would just say uncle or yeah. guy i know orle testing him. yeah that's what i thought. right which is another thing. cuz then it's like you gain respect. to be like dude. do what he said yeah. you did it right. yeah yo i i'm not going to. pay you and here's why. and the guy goes like this. wow the the the student really surpassed the teacher. yeah and that's who my n should be. with yeah and he just gets up. and yep that's what he does. yeah for his for his uh yeah i don't think neily. a bad a bad thing. yeah good we figured that. out that's great do we do do one more or we all settled. okay cool but we finish. we're all settled up uh. uh we appreciate you guys. uh you know what i tell. you this man i'm going. to be in san diego. i'm going to be in lakeland. florida daytona and i'm also going to. be in uh jacksonville and i'm going. to be in portland and seattle. and uh and new york. new york and chicago and minneapolis. and austin go to. chris dot com get your tickets. i got a question for you. okay what's your favorite city. to perform in it. might be boston really it. might be minneapolis it. might be it might be toronto. who can i do also love performing. in los angeles well yeah but you know. but no no because you know. the crowds are tougher but i really like you know. getting them yeah uh i mean dude. if you're in a really big city. and you're a successful. comedian it's all pretty much the same. but there's something about boston that's really great. really yeah because they're smart. and they're not too they're a mix of the right. and the left and they appreciate the edginess and they're just a great. they're great crowds but it constantly changes. man like you know. but i think boston i would i would have a hard. time saying boston is not top. three just throughout my career. chicago's usually great um i didn't expect boston yeah. did did you not no what. would you have thought i've heard boston's like the hardest. city to play in for uh like sports. because of because the fans are [ __ ] yeah but you know once you build your fan base life in boston is like from what i can gather is is very like um you know boston people from boston think boston's the [ __ ] best yes for sure and uh that could be annoying. for people to do that. okay but it's just i don't know. like boston is [ __ ] awesome you know weird. it's the one major american. city i've never been to. yeah that is but it is kind of one. of those cities that's like why. would you go unless you want live in new york. for a while i don't know why. i never went to. boston yeah true yeah cuz you could drive right. yeah went to. [ __ ] dc went all over but never went to. boston is one of those never went to. old beantown you know what i'm saying. yeah we don't like that you. say beantown but um yeah i love boston dude. like i i i bleed. green okay well that's not i do. [ __ ] a big fan. of the celtics um yeah i love boston but yeah there's a lot. of great ities i can't. leave out like you know [ __ ] love performing in vancouver i love austin i love i didn't ask you to. list every hou is banging. dallas is the [ __ ] dc is great. i mean wow big cities are. awesome okay okay uh boston's your answer. i would say now right. now boston is my answer yeah. uh go to watch lifeline. dot com if you have a question. like a submission if you have a submission for us. to get on the [ __ ] show go to. watch lifeline dot com lifeline merch dot com. lifeline at uh merch lifeline. merch dot com get pimping pimping. get it for the holidays. get it for yourself. get it for your family. get it for your friends. or you [ __ ] hate us. and now the big one. oneonone advice with me mr. mattalia go to. mata dot com and book. me baby tuesdays and thursdays. all afternoon at your disposal [music] weeo. hello hello hello hello hello hello hell 