 foreign [music] hey guys tickets. are up chrysalia dot com. uh hamilton is almost sold out. we got montreal edmonton a lot. of canadian dates are about to. sell out uh canada. love you um but they're all i'm coming. up on i'm doing ohio. and i will be also in a bunch of different. places uh so go to. chrisley dot com salt lake. city you know what i mean. figure it out but uh thank you very. much and also welcome to. the next episode of congratulations. [music] i woke up in first of all. dude like and subscribe we're moving up. dude we are moving. up we're getting subscribers what the heck. is watch that dude. what the hell oh. my god no way so good singing. i love the way. that guy sings um but yeah dude. that's what's up um we uh enjoy your viewership and your uh also your subscription. and all that whatever it doesn't matter. but you know it. does matter honestly. but really uh i woke up in a great. mood it's really nice out. uh today and i woke up in a gr. yo move hey moods. huh how about moods. they just are gonna be up. and down and then you're gonna have a wow day. and then oh all of a sudden something maybe minuscule will happen. and then guess what boom. boom all of us oh that hurt. a tremendous amount dude wow. yeah yes dude i hit my finger. on this side. of the uh microphone and it. hurts so bad and it was that. that's honestly symbolic for what. happened because today i was in such a great. i was in such a great. mood and um i go to. i go to get a i go. to get a sandwich. i'm with david sullivan he was at my house. already when i woke up for some reason. by the way no idea how it happened. woke up calvin was already playing. with him downstairs how'd it. happen he was over last. night we were having a good. time watching the fly does. delia stop after the fly no. did he watch the fly. with jeff goldblum yes he did yes. he did he watched it. with gina davis and jeff. goldblum the 1980s classic the great. movie 93 on rotten tomatoes now. we don't trust rotten. tomatoes but still 93 and deserved it's a very good movie. we watched the fly does. dalia stop there not if there's a sequel. not if there's a sequel. now is the sequel. going to be good from the fl. how could it be it. was such a standalone. movie now my buddy eric stoltz is in the fly. 2 name dropping. it's fine dude it doesn't matter. he's one of the coolest. dudes that movie is a 29 on rotten. to tomato is it weird to. be 93 and then the next one. 29 they must have royally. effed up and boy let me. tell you both of them. are very well deserved dude. i don't my the worst kind of movie. i think has the bad guy. in it and for no. reason he just doesn't like the good guy right. like it's one of those things. where the guy's just kind of chilling. the lead characters chilling and then. all of a sudden they cut to. the bad guy for the first time. and he's just like he literally has a taser in his arm. in his hand the bad. guy in the movie and he and he says he one day he'll get his and i'm just like wow. just already doesn't like him that's such a common. thing in movies period. but in the 80s it was so ubiquitous um so i watched. that movie with david sullivan. and here's the thing about david sullivan. i always watch bad movies. with him he says but it's i asked him. to come over watch the fly. he didn't and then the next night. i had to watch the fly. two he came to. watch the fight too and there's another bad. movie that we watched together and he said why. do you always watch the bad. movies with me and i was like well dude. i watched the fly last night. and that's a good movie. anyway dude my point is he was already at my house. when i woke up this morning. don't i guess he slept. over had no idea went up. to bed thought he left. didn't leave i guess so um woke up in a good mood. took some stuff to. the salvation army uh or a goodwill whatever. cause we had some stuff. you know i told calvin we had to. you know because his brother's coming. this week we think and um which is going. to be amazing i'll report to. you next week about that. and um and we took uh we've got like these extra toys that. we were gonna donate. and calvin was like didn't understand. the concept it was really really cute. so he had like you know because on birthday. party sometimes get this they get the same. gift so he was like we brought out all his old toys because we're gonna give somebody the new baby. but then we had to. donate some and he was just like where's taiwan. going and we were like well you have this. already kind of and we got good. use out of it. and we're gonna donate. it and we're gonna give it to. another kid so which one do you want. we were having two. of the toys so which one do you want. to keep and he goes like this. both of them more like yeah. but it's kind of the same. thing and so we're gonna give one. of these to. another kid and he says who and we and we were like oh you kind of got us. dude like we don't know who so we were just like a kid. in need you know. some some kids don't have toys or don't. have many toys and you have toys and we're very fortunate and as some kids. don't have toys and he was like why. and i was like ah this is not even. i don't even want to. be feeling this stuff at this. point right right because now i'm sad. well because some of the parents. you know they can't afford to. now i'm feeling bad my son. just asking why and it's not even his fault. but i'm like oh we gotta we're just gonna give it away. all right you got one. and um no but i was like you know. we got to give it away. so we gave him one. which one do you want. he looks and he's just like after a long. pause he was just like so like all right. we'll give the red one. away so we gave the red one away. anyway i drove the salvation army or no. goodwill which there is. a sign and goodwill is cool. it's like a g but you'd think it's just a g. for goodwill but really it's a happy. face and you're like okay. um and so i drove to. get something to eat first. i was gonna meet david sullivan. because he was taking his car. and i was taking my car. you know because he had his car. in my place we drove we get there. and there is a car and now i'm in a good. mood dude i missed. a good mood at this. point i'm mr [ __ ] i'm walking i'm driving down the street and it's it's like that song messed up what is a big star i don't know big stuff so far mr. big star and so um i i noticed there's no parking. spaces in the except for there's there's there's there's two parking spaces. one in front of another. right it's this it's on the side. of the street with the parking. meters and and all that. and in the middle of the two spaces. there's a car and i'm like wow. what a piece of [ __ ] right that somebody parked there but then i'm like you know what it might not be there that's the worst thing about parking. sometimes you think when somebody parks like an [ __ ] it's their fault. but it might actually not be right. it might be the person. who parked before them. next to you don't know. who parked first maybe this person. next to them. and they may do with the best. thing that they could so really. you you don't get to. be mad at that person so we're going. to see someone park shitty. not only am i mad. that someone parked shitty but i'm mad. i don't know who and then i'm mad. because i don't know who what to. be mad at so i've got like this. anger around me and where does it. go it's just kind of in me. so i'm like all right. so i don't know if they park. shitty and then the person because they were forced to. partially then the person who actually park. should he left already. you feel me so i drive up. to the car and i notice. the windows open and i notice there's actually someone in the car. so now i'm like okay. piece of [ __ ] is definitely in the car. they could have moved the car. but whatever maybe they're just chilling. and they don't even know. that i'm there yet. so i try to. park and i realize it's too difficult. i don't want to. ding them because they're straddling the two. spaces right and i don't want to. ding them but i also don't want them to. think i'm gonna ding them. so i pulled back out. i rolled down my window. and i say to. the lady there was two people in the car. one is a lady and the other one i don't know. turns out she's a lady but i don't know this. yet and i say to. her from my car behind me. i say excuse me do you mind. backing up a little bit. and then i hear her. say something and then i i don't but i don't know what it. is so i say i'm asking do you mind. if you back up a little bit and then she says can you say please. anger activated all right. can you say please so i'm like huh. if and so now i'm like wait a minute. certainly she can't be this. big of an [ __ ] right so i must have been rude. that's the only acceptable reason why she would say that. in my head at this. moment i must have been rude. as [ __ ] but then every wine in my head the last 15 seconds and not only did i say please move i said do you not only did i say move i said do you mind moving back a little bit and then i think wait a minute. she saw me struggling first anybody. who is not even a nice. person but a person would see someone struggling and then go i better. move back because this. is gonna be uncomfortable for them. and me in effect. so i say do you mind. moving back then i say it. again because anyone said they said can you say please. and i and then i said i actually i was really po. i was i think i was polite. enough that's what i said and she said then i'll stay. right here and i said okay. but i'm gonna be really uncomfortably close. to you when i park. he says okay so now one. thing's for sure park. in there okay i park. it's fine i'm very close. to a car like that. close and i walk out and i her windows open so i say i woke. up to i say hey just so you know. i don't know if you know. this but you're taking up. two spaces and people can't park. she cut me off and she said. i don't care and i said. yeah i understand that but you could get a ticket. you may not care but someone who's giving a ticket. may care and give you a ticket. you have to. pay money for it and she says did i i said i don't care. right yeah and i said i'm just trying. to help you out and she goes like this. back up i said okay. i'm just back up and i mean. this is exactly how it went. and by the way she's eating. like a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] like just some kind of breakfast. burrito just eating it just horse. mouthing it you know and and next to. her is another lady like 20. years older than her eating. something else not even looking. it's so weird so i'm like wow. that sucks right and i'm so you know i i want to. say angry but also i'm like i'm activated. i'm like whoa because you never know. what look i asked. her nicely do you mind. moving back because the my by the way i understand. saying please and i'm all for being polite. but if you say do you mind. that takes the place of please. a hundred percent also she was. already being shitty because she saw me. struggling i pulled it out two times. anyway but also like i have a tape. that plays in my head where i'm like maybe i'm a piece. of [ __ ] so like i'm walking i walk across the place. i meet up with david sullivan. who's wearing a [ __ ] cowboy hat and cowboy boots like he left. my house without that i show. up to the place. he's got blue like turquoise. no teal cowboy boots and a cowboy. a hat so now i'm like oh okay i left the house. in a good mood hey jesus. christ you're really testing me. aren't you not only do i have to. do with this parking situation and the chick. oh horse mountain horse mouth. in a [ __ ] breakfast burrito. and i gotta now i gotta see you know. uh what do you call. it uh brokeback mountain at [ __ ] jones. on third so i so i walk and i'm like man. i i i already judge i'm like. i think that was i say. to david i said i think that was the rudest actually the rudest thing. that i've ever encountered in my life. like just and i don't mean. worst encounter i've had plenty of way. worse encounters with people. but when it comes to. just sheer rudeness for no. reason like i remember one. time i told this story before. about i was a coffee. man i went to. go to coffee bean. in beverly hills and i was waiting in line. and this beverly hills lady. came in and just stand stood right. in front of me. in the line and i said oh excuse me ma'am. i i um i uh i was in line. and she looks back. at me and she goes like she literally goes like this. oh no you were in like i'm a silly. goose so that was so rude. but this was like oh my god right. so i'm in there and now now i'm i'm i'm not just activated. and like because you know because i thought like am i gonna get like if this happened. out of nowhere what the hell else. could happen in the next. few minutes without out of nowhere. so i get there i'd say to. david exactly what happened. and i'm like what happened. is that okay like was i shitty. or something did i do something wrong. he's like no it doesn't sound. like it and so now and then all of a sudden i get very sad. like sad for this woman. sad that this situation happened sad about how much her life uh it must be so hard you know like i don't know you know and then i'm like maybe somebody maybe she just lost her. father right you never know. what people are going through. but then i'm like man. if i just something like that. happened to me i i might snap. at someone but that was crazy. but anyway whatever people are dealing with their [ __ ] so i'm so upset now i'm and then i'm so sad for like two hours like two hours i'm spinning out about this dude i almost start like like i can't stop thinking about it i'm emotional about it i'm like and and i and i wonder if this lady knew what my next two hours was like you know she probably wouldn't give a [ __ ] but it just was so wild that people were so dude it was so weird you know what she was like the [ __ ] bad guy in the beginning of the fly too for no reason she just didn't like me just insane so then i texted kristen about it and she's like oh that's okay you know she's like don't let people derail you from you know your your journey and your your happiness and i'm like yeah you're right and so i was like so what do you want me to. pick you up something and she wanted me. to pick her up something i go. to the counter the [ __ ] place. and they're like sorry. the power went out we don't have. anything for sale anymore. so i'm like oh jesus. christ so i went to. another place i got her some [ __ ] i walked into. the sweet greens and the guy. dude i had on these [ __ ] this is what i'm dressed like but i also got the tattoos i'm yadded up. and the necklace and it's ridiculous. my sunglasses whoopsie daisy they're red. and i got [ __ ] cargo pants that. don't flare out at the end. but they sure as hell don't. tighten up and they got splotches of white. paint on it and the [ __ ] yeezys with the matching socks. to the shirt and dude. yeah i'm dripped out but i'm not thinking about it. i ordered something in sweet. greens and the gay. dude behind the [ __ ] that isn't even helping me. he goes like this hey man. i really like your style and i'm just like bro. you know what we'll move it. up [music] made me sad. and then immediately made me happy. but then i'm like hey chris what are you. doing letting people dictate your mood hey chris what you doing. letting people accept you're not. accept you you're doing making it. so that that affects the rest. of your whole day. ah what you doing me. hey me be happy on. me work your [ __ ] as best you can work your program. keep your side of the street. clean best you can just do. it let random people make you feel better. or worse for hate. me children i gotta get over this. [ __ ] man i gotta i gotta just like you know and [ __ ] this so i'm not trying to. be a selfhelp guru but man. you gotta let people this. is why i say grow or die. dude you gotta [ __ ] work your [ __ ] and you gotta help. as much man i was talking to. my wife last night and she was just like she was. like what do you want in life. and i was like i want to. be a great family. man and everybody around me. that are close friends. and family to. respect me and love. me and she was like you're not gonna get that unless you feel good. about yourself and love yourself. and i was like god mother. [ __ ] no don't be saying that stuff dude. i know it's true. but also don't be saying it at 1am. [laughter] after the fly two don't be. saying it because it's like dude. yeah but you know. what i mean oh dude. you trying to activate me. sweetheart oh boy life's. crazy huh so you just [ __ ] take the good with the bad. but you can't let it affect. you and then it's like [ __ ] god damn it. why was she so rude. that's nothing to do with me. right but this is what we talk. about now and now you all know about me. and what i think and all this. [ __ ] and it's like okay i'm gonna have this podcast nobody's gonna know everything about me on my internet okay. cool everyone's gonna know everything. about me the girl i'm gonna know about um [music]. now we're gonna talk about everything. and everything goes on yourself. i got to talk about conversation. and everybody knows and they're gonna make a clip. of this and oh and the clip's. gonna not only is the regular podcast. gonna get used but the clip's. gonna give you some i know. everybody knows and then i gotta [ __ ] go on instagram and say oh a bunch of blue check mark [ __ ] guys are liking my [ __ ] i'm like wow that's amazing then i go find out that everyone bought them [music] and why do i even give a [ __ ] about that dude hey what's up hey hey blue check hey what you doing having 648 followers getting verified what you doing being a [ __ ] licensed massage therapist get in the [ __ ] blue check mark it helps business okay dude you know what helps business business laughs you know i mean you know what else can business hey you know it helps business business dude okay not changing the color. next to your name right. you're buying blue check marks for 11. or 15 a month. i don't know how much it. is whatever how much it. is it's too much. and i put the freaking clip. on uh instagram dude. the thing went dummy viral. and everyone's [ __ ] getting mad at me also loving. it dude i'm gonna tell you how the [ __ ] it is that's it. dude i've got nothing left. i will tell you how it is if you buy. a blue check mark maybe maybe if you're something like a photographer or if you're a plastic. surgeon okay but hey are you johnny. don't get hey are you bill. hey guy keep the eleven. dollars hey hey are you nicole. hey nikki keep the eleven. dollars hey are you hank. hey how lisa keep it. we're good you helping your business. ah i mean it's just so ridiculous. these people buying you cudas man. instagram it made so much money. off the [ __ ] i want i want to. buy i want to. buy i'm gonna i'm paying to. have my blue check mark removed bro. here's what they should do. they should make everyone buy this. is so gangster and if i was this is why. i don't run the [ __ ] this is legit. why i will never be as big. as i possibly can because. i would do [ __ ] like this if i was this is why i'll never be in charge of anything dude if i was instagram or facebook. or whatever the [ __ ] it is mark zuckerberg zuckerberg zuckerberg i would get everyone to. buy the instagram and then whoever bought the instagrams. i would one day change them. all green and they were all be they would all be exposed so you got licensed. massage therapists just like this oh no. all of a sudden lisa is just at the sorority house. just like oh wait what i don't. understand it i get it. though we all want to. be accepted right that's why i was upset. with the [ __ ] lady at the car that's why i was up. that's why i was happy. when the [ __ ] gay dude at sweetgreen said i would love my style dude. i still think about that. [ __ ] boy it makes me buzzing i don't know dude everyone wants their extra [ __ ] their share i don't know i don't know we all search for validation in certain ways and i did it through having sex okay all good all good deep dive into. my psyche oh good oh good um but yeah this. is this is it dude. you guys are the you guys who support. this show are really rocking. man really really rocking. the show's been on i don't. know four years five what has it. been who cares what does. it matter but my thing is like and subscribe. and my thing also is wow. dude this show is the hardest. hitting you know we don't we don't. talk about politics we talk about the hardhitting issues. dude blue check marks and parking. spaces that's what we do dude until we all i need someone to. help build this [ __ ] log cap dude. here i got the [ __ ] blue i got the the blueprints right. there wow looks great. dude i'm [ __ ] good look at the way. how gaded up i am jesus. christ should i get it all done my whole body i'm gonna get a [ __ ] batman. insignia on my chest and just a water. slide from the middle of my chest down to. my penis that's disgusting. [laughter] um so anyway dude. what's up with this. [ __ ] god it's so what it's illegal. to be in canada. and say something about trans. people or what i don't. know you know anymore it's like they were just like you can't now you can't say i don't dude. you know what's also you know. what's violence violence here's the thing. that our violence is stabbing someone. choking someone shooting someone smacking someone. you know hey saying doing this. hey [ __ ] you that's not violence. okay now granted there's a sliding. scale all right if you're out. there trying to incite a mob yeah. i don't think that that should be legal. hey come on let's get him. that's that's violence hey look at those people who aren't dressing. the way they should look. at the people whose color aren't the aren't aren't. a shade to my liking. get them that's violence. that's the kind of nonsilence that's violence. but the second you just are silent. that's not violence silence. is violence no not silence. isn't violence either that's how much you know silences in violence. silence and not they don't want you to. be talking and they don't want you. to not be talking no. matter what you're doing violence. right that's basically what they're saying. in canada because it passes. rule to where if you're around. like a hundred meters at a tran if there's like more than three trans. people together and you say something. against trans people you go. to g you get you go. to jail or get fined. or something yeah and i'm just like okay. so look you talk about free. speech and all this [ __ ] fine. you know free speech and people are like you know they're taking free speech. from us dude it's gone. already it's it's gone they don't have free. speech in canada now i am. on tour in canada. coming up in september. october whatever the [ __ ] i'm gonna go out there and i'm gonna [ __ ] let them have it the way i do all right i don't dude i won't i would never know i would never right i'm sure it under the arts. it's okay and it's not like we're doing a big. trans rally and by the. way i love when god love trans. more than regular people i love them. more than regular people um it's it. but it is hilarious. how at the [ __ ] thing they were like uh a bunch of uh they were like having a political. rally and they were like because we think. it's violence if they say that. and they're like behind them. it's like it's it why. the the the people that they pick uh. the of the trans people. to represent the thing. it's always they're always it's always they look. like the fifth element you. know it's like i i or or uh uh rainbow. bright and it's okay. even if a a chick that identifies as a chick. that dresses like this you you'd be like whoa. but if you say whoa. because you know they'd be like that's violence. you're like all right you. know how about this too much. makeup is a lot. right you know and uh i don't care. if you're a guy or a girl or identify. as a guy or a girl. but i'm a bully right. because i'm saying this and i know the other thing. is i know that most people agree. with what i'm saying but okay. they're gonna limit my ads. because i said this or whatever. it is but the whole point. is they is that not taking the free. speech away they took it and i you know i understand. too like you can't say certain things. on youtube you can say. certain things on instagram saying certain things. that's definitely a slippery. slope because if they you know they are companies and they can do what. they want the second you start caving to. things i do think though. that some things like i don't think you. should be able to. say whatever the [ __ ] you want on certain platforms because it's definitely leads to. deaths but you know i don't know i guess there needs. to be a better system. figuring out what the violent. things to be said are right. i i you know i look like i said the reason. why i'm not in charge anything. is uh is because i would do the blue. check mark thing and make them green. one day but you know i just i'm everyone's so mixed. up man i feel like the trans. people who are truly trans. that are like i'm a woman. and but were born biologically. a male or i don't know. how to say without getting. in trouble but that they are. even like oh god can we just can you stop guys. i just want to. be a woman and i am a woman. and just chill right. or maybe i'm wrong. um who knows what i do. know is there's no free speech. in canada um that's crazy. right uh uh they announced their coachella. lineup let's look at it. because it's always good for a laugh. wait a minute okay. coachella 2023 is this it. here we go this is just this. is always good for laugh. because i'll tell you why because wait. a minute wait did they announced. the coachella recently wait. what did he say oh i think he was telling me. stagecoach no he just sent me stagecoach's lineup is out please. do that again he said it. wednesday stagecoach hardy texted me coach. and he said please do that. [ __ ] again um yeah i guess it just came out i mean he would know god damn it. here we go oh yeah yeah it's so good. when you do this because it's it's so it's the whitest [ __ ] in the world it's just incredible. dude so this is 2023. here we go yeah it just came out. i don't know either way. let's do it so it's amazing. this is what's amazing. is the drop off of people. that i know to. then immediately you know. how like sometimes you're like who's in that. movie and they're like yeah it's [ __ ] hugh jackman and you're like oh yeah know who that. is and then uh julianne moore and you're like oh yeah. i know who that is and then they're like and then genre. no and you're like uh yeah. i know that guy that's the guy. from the professional right like yeah. and then they're like yeah and then uh [ __ ] flimbot nanny checkers is is in it. and you're like oh okay well i don't know from flimbot. nanny checkers to whoever the [ __ ] is in the movie i'm not gonna know who it is all right and uh and that and and it in the movies it'll be like three people but then this and in coachella it'll be like there'll be like 10 artists. you know and then they'll be like by the way. we also have [ __ ] smash kitty. and you're like never heard of them. stagecoach goes from the guy i know to. the next person is a [ __ ] goddamn madeup name of that an ai. that you typed in white. country singer to and uh and and just put it in ai. so here we go. friday luke bryan know who that is from the acclaimed song. doing my thing from the mo. from the important historically important song. aptly titled doing my thing. from the smash hit doing. my thing luke bryan from the most not. only regular name but regular looking guy. and regular luke bro the kind of guy. where that has the music. when you walk in a target. and it's playing and you don't even. realize it you know. i'm talking about that kind of music. right that's the kind of luke. bryan that's the kind of music. luke bryan does you're shopping at target. they're playing the whole discography of luke. bryan and you're just like oh look they got these shorts. and you're not even yeah i might buy a humidifier. and it's just doing my thing. and you're not even you know. you don't have a clue. it's even being plain okay. so luke bryan and then the drop off is. incredible and i'm not saying fame or look i i don't let me just be clarify. i don't know these people that doesn't mean. these people are less than i am firmly. saying i'm not the cool one. here i don't know who these people. are because i'm not involved. in this cool culture where people go. and the you know the chicks walk. into the [ __ ] thing and they're just like and the guys are like classic i'm not in the cool. crew okay luke bryan who's doing his thing. then immediately john party. and riley green okay. so why riley and then the nerve. of it to. be green afterwards right. so white there's never been someone. with the last name green. that isn't white by the way. then zz top okay. cool i know that yeah occasionally. the pepper went in l. king i think i've heard the name. then we go brieland could be an amusement. park amusement about cheese have no idea welcome. to brieland here's some gouda enjoy. the swiss cheese train then. there's melissa etheridge of course i know. her okay because it would be absolutely. a hate crime if i didn't then here we go. and that this is when it gets good. priscilla block huh priscilla block. daughter of mark block. mark block here okay. so priscilla block then sammy kershaw. wow this is this is already goddamn hilarious. how does it happen. then ian munsick dude and then. nate smith dude it might as well book hey dude you ever heard regular normal. oh who's that oh just a guy. one guy his name's regular normal. what's he saying honestly. just notes oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's [ __ ] regular normal. these guys look like they listen. to luke bryant and they go. too much no no no they go. to target they're like we gotta get out. of here i hear luke. bryan dude after nate smith dude. what jackson dean that's two. white guys that's how white. that one is then trixie mattel [applause]. [music] mattel such a white company and trixie dude that would be like if your name was [ __ ] daisy the gap huh is that my producer showing me a picture of trixie mattel oh that's a drag queen right whoa moving on whoa dude i mean her face you know whoa so much makeup dude timber tim burton movie so uh all right then after trixie mattel what are you kidding me seaport seaforth. so why dude dude white people. love this c you. know just being out there. seaforth then drake milligan dude what on earth. is i i i continually. am astonished at these [ __ ] names. every year there oh i do it. americana aquarium that's the whitest what's wider than an aquarium. and then american aquarium. holy [ __ ] [ __ ] dude oh my god american aquarium. and then nordic razor scooter. just kidding that is so unbelievably white. welcome the whitest band since american. aquarium nordic razor scooter and then just loose leaf. paper just blows up and it. goes another against the thing. yeah like a good little guitar. playing like oh my oh this. is [ __ ] insane dude are you kidding. me they're [ __ ] with me now flaming groovies. oh dude german exchange students. hello we are the flaming. groovies we do country. in germany too oh then the last bandoleros. okay that's definitely not white. tiara kennedy mackenzie carpenter. bella white bro white's. in the name that there. will not be saturday april. 29th cannot top that in whiteness okay. let's go kane brown. already first one don't know. who it is now. remember that's on me. old dominion white gabby barrett white. brian adams know him nico. moon nelly even the black guy. has a white name nelly that's the name. of a babysitter then morgan wade. okay mary stewart and the fabulous. superlatives wow mary chapin carpenter. know her cameron marlowe nikki lane. corey kent lily rose restless road cooper. allen adriana jamie wyatt keb. mo isn't that a that's a black guy i think treybert logan ledger. bro these are unbelievable. let's go to. the last one here we go. chris stapleton obviously i know who that. is brooks and dunn know. who that is parker mccollum gone. i'm gone right there parker mccollum no. clue tyler childers saw. white turnpike troubadours diplo. i know diplo that's not. country i guess you could probably do some country. [ __ ] laney wilson some of these names are so white i feel like they were already in it maybe they weren't ryan bingham parmalee bailey zimmerman. luke grimes valerie june warren. ziders i mean dude. sierra farrell 49 winchester. tyler braden dude madeline edwards caitlin. butts the next one. nick shoulders dude just body. parts caitlin butts nick. shoulders kimmy tits and guy. [ __ ] balls dude after that featuring guy fieri. stagecoach smokehouse of course oh my god this. is crazy dude this is just insane. it's the way to. [ __ ] on earth wow okay how does it how they continually outdo themselves. and headlining a kleenex wow dude. i got sweaty doing that. that was a funny thing. hahaha i gotta blow my nose. let me take a break. all right i'm back i had to. blow my nose yippee dude. um what's up i forgot. about this and i definitely wanted to. talk about this my producer just reminded me. what is up with uh uh hey darling. sup this guy first of all. look at this article what is the dalai. lama apologize for asking a young. boy to suck his tongue. it's gross hey bottom line gross. the dalai lama is a positive. for kissing a young boy on. the lips and asking him. to suck my tongue after a video. of the in incident spark outrage on social media. the 84 87 year old buddhist. hey also he's too old. to be out you know. like just when i'm when i turn 60. i'm indoors for the rest of time. just it's 87. uh the 87 year. old buddhist priest regrets the incident and wishes. apologize to the point. of his family as well. as his many friends. across the world for the hurt. his words may have caused. oh his holiness often teases people he meets and i mean. his holiness you know hey it's 2023. his holiness to imagine being okay with being called. his holiness imagine being someone hey who's holding this you know. you're not get the [ __ ] out of here. with that [ __ ] um he often teases. people when he meets in an innocent. way and pray my true. fell off [ __ ] i gotta get it. sorry guys my shoe fell. off um wow he's making a i love how i love how not even. comedians are just being like i was joking. um a video of the incident shared widely on. social media shows a young. boy approaching dilemma during an event asking him. for a hug okay the leader. calls him on stage and motions. to his cheek saying first here. according to life. visitors from the event the boy. obliges in the development there's a hug. then continues to. holding on to the boy. the leader then motions to. his lips i think here. also that's a creepy uh uh the audience. laughs and applauds uh the dalai lama poison. ads and suck my tongue okay you know i love how the the dalai lama is probably dude he should that's hilarious. wow i mean you know how is this. is this is a real video that. they have of it. foreign the weirdest part was how long it. took him to say. it ow i mean oh my okay so actually that's weird. hey guy oh dude. that's so weird honestly what is who's the [ __ ] dalai lama by. the way he's you know. ever since he's like wearing that [ __ ] maroon and gold [ __ ] like he's a spartan. did he just [ __ ] floating. around you know just doing this. [ __ ] and people are just like oh there he is what's he do he's a priest a buddhist priest ah it's all good man. i have a podcast dude. i would have to. i'll only have a guess if it's the dalai. lama yo what's up. dolly hey dude you know. what you're my favorite dolly. it used to. be dolly parton but now after your audacity. and the way you keep wearing the same. [ __ ] every day i think that's awesome. pretty much only you and steve. jobs did it uh and ronald mcdonald the dalai. lama has long sat the center. of controversy as a principal. leader of the of the yellow hat. school of tibetan buddhism the dalai. lama is among the best. numbers uh followers of the spiritual sect believe the current dialogue tends oh it's a different guy. always wow like batman. to be the reincarnation of his 13. predecessors it's not though um wow dude. he said europe belongs to. the europeans which is hilarious people got mad at that even though if you're in europe you're you're european unless you're visiting and then it doesn't belong to. you and then the following year. you apologize for telling the bbc. in an interview that she should have. a female success for. a successor and she should be more attractive. wow that's gangster i love. how the dalai lama. in his head for sure. even though he's saying like oh i shouldn't have said that. he's for sure like for in his head. he's like i'm just i'm old. school you know yeah i don't even wear a belt you know like i just i honestly would expect i'm i'm i i wear curtains. i'm old school god what a bunch. of what a waste of time. this only the dalai. lama has spent a lifetime. advocating for tibetan autonomy and has taken steps to. ensure that the mission doesn't die. with him that's fine. though he has dreams of living. to 113 you know okay. why there he plans. to consult with his advisors. around age 90 for instructions about finding a successor. well i still got 23. more years huh that's crazy. look guys i know i plan on. living to. 113 not a day later but when i'm 90. if i start asking kids. to suck my tongue that's when we start. gotta we gotta really kind of you. know that they're gonna have the meeting. they're like look we know we said. 90 but i feel like ah where's the matthew mcconaughey thing did you put that on there. oh really that's weird. you can't link it let me. play it i got it. on instagram we all want to. be in the 785 a song a song a song a song [music]. we're gonna talk about and how to. get in it we're also going. to talk about said nothing and the red. line just talk about traffic only talking about. driving and some others. uh wow got to. the black guy and he said and some other services. you gotta do is click. the link and reserve. your spot before it's too. late it is only going. to be happening once. i want to. see you there he said it's only going. to be happening once. and held up four fingers. the art of living i'd like to. invite you dude only talk about traffic. you know a lot of people want. to drive in the left. lane traffic just cruise. you know what i mean. but we gotta talk about those other four lanes right. we got to talk. about the mother lanes you. know and we might talk. about the other lane we might even talk. about taking an exit. you know you got to. pay the traffic signs. of course and traffic lights and that's cool. man that's great to. be the traffic lights because you got to. be you got to. stop at red so the other people can go. and it's it's twoway street. man you know and not only do sometimes. treat streets run perpendicular. but they're also uh what do you call. the other one where they cross each other. right whatever the [ __ ] that's called i can't remember and but you know what man sometimes you're in a car. and a person's another car. man you got a park. you gotta park next. to each other and the parking. person you understand park [ __ ] up you got to. be like we back up. and she'll be like get [ __ ] say please you know you get mad you know and it's all good the art of living that's it for youtube. if you want the uncut the raw. the edited the unedited sorry version uh of the show. go to our patreon patreon. dot com patreon dot com. crystallia that's where you can. get for just six bucks. the whole episode and then also you can get uh the rest. of the episode there's one extra episode. a month for the patreon. and you can get that. and the link to. our discord and all that stuff. for just six bucks but uh i think we have like 26. episodes now there that aren't on youtube. they're just on the patreon so you can go watch. them all now thank you very much. patreon dot com crystalline [music]. 