 foreign she's singing christmas. music as we speak literally she's singing. christmas music in the other room. you can't hear it. you you uh i just like this. you singing christmas music. you singing christmas music. congratulations [music] i think you were i don't know she said well she sings. christmas music and she absolutely does. it to you know. i mean did she she probably didn't even. hear it honestly uh kristen probably. didn't even hear it. it's the night oh well i guess. i shouldn't say that well. i guess this comes out. the 19th in december. when is this going to. come out i don't know. when this will come out. what is this uh let's see let's see. uh i don't know it's coming. up close to. christmas i know that because we're it's close. to christmas now so um oh the 21st. this will come out okay. hey uh we're recording so so kristen. what you doing yeah oh she's making a coffee. nice she making a coffee. so she is making a coffee. now here's the deal i guarantee. she's gonna look this is a christmas. this is basically we're doing a twoparter. with kristen because she loves christmas. and uh i told you uh this i've been working. too hard and i thought that. you know since we had david sullivan. on the show we could also have kristen. on the show and this way. i'll be refreshed and rejuvenated for the new year. and i could start doing um just you know. obviously i the podcast is solo. um so yeah so i guess. for now we can just do my dates. here as she makes her coffee. but i will be in um san diego. coming up uh the the weekend. of january uh 7th. i will be in brea. california that's just a club date. but come on down and uh portland oregon. seattle washington january 20th. 21st i'll also be in lakeland. florida the 26th daytona the 27th. and jacksonville the 28th. uh florida come get your tickets. san antonio texas sugarland. texas new orleans texas uh northern texas. new orleans louisiana february 5th uh providence. rhode island the 17th of february and then new york. new york february 18th. two shows at the beacon. chicago illinois kansas city missouri. springfield missouri look these are all places i'm going to. austin minneapolis columbus boise. uh chrisley dot com get your tickets. and get them and you can get them. for christmas gifts too if you know. your loved ones or fans. or whatever the hell uh but come on. down to the don't. push me tour i've been having a lot. of good times uh doing the tour. i love being on tour. you know i like being on tour. because um i like being on on the road. doing these shows more than i even used to. i loved doing my stand. up but also now what i love. is uh just doing it uh and also being i'm very grateful. for for everyone and everything um hey what's up. hi hi you look. so pretty look at you. the camera loves you that's what. they say in hollywood. and i know that because i've been in hollywood. now my kid i'm kicked out now. let's start with now let's not start. with bad net bad energy. right hell yeah do it. okay well so we could go you. know what's on there is the jeremy renders thing. you can do it if you want. to put the headphones on. right there but you don't have to. but i think hold on. okay i'll be right. back okay all right so she gotta go. she gets nervous on camera. she's gonna go throw up. and then she's gonna come back. no she's not but um yeah so we're waiting for kristen. um and she is going. to uh come back in a little bit. my whole thing with uh uh what i was saying. is being on tour. as i love being on tour. now and it was a little bit i mentioned. this on my um my uh tour. vlogs which is on if you go uh my other channel. not this super cult studios which you can like and subscribe. that'd be great. we're always trying to. gain followers which i think we're still stuck. at 596 000 don't know what's up. with the algo rhythm but uh leave a comment and subscribe and you might not even be subscribed you might think you are so subscribe to. this super cult channel supercar studios but um i described this. in my other my crystallia. channel that you can also subscribe. to on my tour. vlogs that uh i am it. used to be like this. rock star [ __ ] like i would go out on stage and i loved it for that reason but now i love it because it's just absolutely i just feel very grateful. and that's what i was describing. on it i think my boston or my not my boston one. but my uh it might have been my boss. in one of my denver. one or my uh cheyenne. one uh my tour vlog. anyway what anyway anyway yeah you look great. the camera loves you but you got to. talk into this. it's one of the main things now. um hello kristin hi sweetie. hi you have uh this. on backwards did you know. that do you want me. to change it it's okay. okay cool it says calvin. but it's backwards i'm sorry. it's very cute um and uh how are you feeling first. of all but well i asked that. because i caught you singing. chestnuts roasting on an open fire. no you weren't singing. it that good obviously that's not true. what i think if we had a competition. between who was a better. singer i would win you. are a pretty damn good. singer if i'm going to. give you yeah because when you know how i said like taking liberties. and i was leaving. and you were saying take me. out to the ball. game it was funny though. no but i actually thought wow that. actually she did kind of kill. it [laughter] i told that story i have that's why. everyone now people will come into. taking liberties because that's what that's from. yeah but you were she was. like you were doing that. kind of stuff you sing. you know what it is you sing. every song like it's a christmas. song yeah that's what you do. that's a good one right. but sure like you'd be like more human. than human and dong and that's by. rob zombie you know. but that's michael buble by rob zombie. so um so so i ask you because i caught you. singing chestnuts roasting on an open fire. well is that that's how that song's called. is that what that song's called. okay wow really good. for the audio people just shrugged but um so uh my uh so so you are you. love christmas and i feel i felt like since you know we've been talking. about i've been working so [ __ ] hard i've been trying to. do you know oh no. no i have been saying this on the podcast. so that's why i'm trying. that's why i had david sullivan. on and that's why i'm having you on. um because you guys are so close. to me but also i need to. i need to refresh myself. and i and in january. i want to. come back with a bang. and do you know because it's a solo. podcast but i figured since it's christmas. yes and you love christmas. i do yeah that we would have you. on as a twoparter oh yeah. this is a twopart oh yeah. one of them is going. to come out uh like around. the 20th 21st. oh my gosh do i have it. in me an enemy. do i have it oh do what did. you have what in you oh. my gosh christmas do i have an enemy. do you have what two. hours of time oh it doesn't have. to be two hours. we're gonna you know the episodes. are a little bit shorter but um but yeah do you have it. in you you do have it. and you could do it. okay so and then also um so one will come out. before christmas and then one might come out. after christmas you want to. move over in the taint. of the holidays that's what we call it. yeah okay that's between uh christmas. and new year's the taint. of the holidays yeah because it's kind of just like it's between. the grunt it's the grundle. of the holidays oh the grundle of the holidays. that's you could that could be a song too. yeah you're saying a lot. of words i don't like grundle. jane and grumble and teen. so far so far that's really good the grundle. outside is frightful and the teen. is so delightful that's a beautiful. song now you like it all of a sudden oh the girl what if a guy. lost his mind a lounge. singer and that's what he started. singing immediately my favorite well i'm sorry. oh the grundle outside is. frightening and the tank is sort of lightning the lightning is so merry christmas. merry christmas you love christmas. i'd absolutely do um what. is it about christmas. that's a good question. oh boy and she's still talking i mean. if you're gonna talk about someone that talks. way too long about stuff. days that's only you okay only you talk. the most words and cow. oh my god you and cal. say the most words necessary to. make a point like it can be said in three. words instead of saying ice. cream he'll say can i ask you for an ice cream. favor it's so cute i don't know if i told that on this. practice before but he said i daddy. can i ask you for an ice cream. flavor and bent over. like so polite very. cute and i gave him ice. cream i'm a sucker. you're a sucker yeah. you don't think you are i think you are a bigger. sucker you were at the airport recently yeah i went to. the bathrooms i was not with you. guys for about two minutes. and i came back and chris had already bought him. a dinosaur plush from some random. store as we were walking. i was like christopher you can't. just i mean he's gonna go home. with like 45 toys every time. you come from a trip. there's toys i know it's very sweet. i know and so i know the balance. of it is what do i do. i want him to. be happy but also i can't spoil him. because he can't get everything. he wants so what the f. what do i do well. i think spoiling is i think we use. that word out of context. because i think we think of spoiling as like um like overly loving. and really sweet well. there's no such thing yeah yeah. but like we can we don't. spoil him with things do you think i don't know i mean. he has a lot of toys he does. have a lot of toys but that's honestly. yeah 60 comes from that is. true because he's the first grandkid. that is true and so he's just constantly getting. comes from different people yeah he gets as many packages in the mail. addressed to him. as i do yeah he signs. up he has an amazon. account he goes ooh blocks and it comes um we got him. crabs the crap little crabs. and the the he doesn't like when things make noise. no he's the crab. dances and make noise and he says i want. it off he'll do like that. and we turn it off. and he doesn't like it. on the other day. at preschool he brought um he has this blue. crab that he got from amazon. and it walks back and forth. sideways it's kind of alarming it actually is kind of scary. yeah it's kind of scary. yeah it's unsettling but it makes it sing. some song and makes a noise. and he likes the crab. but doesn't like it when it's on yes and so we were at his preschool. and his he was holding the crab. and his teacher came over and was like hey you know i think today's the day. for music i think we're gonna do some music. on out here and cal. starts crying right. and i was so confused. and he was like no. we're gonna keep it off. we're gonna keep it up. i'm proud of him for that. he thought that she was talking to. like saying that they were going. to turn off turn on the crab. yeah i get that and i'm i'm i'm proud of him. for that because i don't like music. and i was and i was and i was driving in the car. with him today and he did not ask. to turn on the music. and he was just asking and dude. he does not stop talking i know. and it's so funny and it's so cute. i'm also part of him. for that he's going to. start a podcast on the super. cult channel in a few months. calvin's gonna have his a podcast. that seems like terrible. parenting uh and he's going. to be a star and i'm going. to make sure he's a star and that's good parenting. so what is it about christmas. that you like so much. we're just gonna gloss over. that whole thing that you just said well. no we never got to. that that was the actual. question maybe you don't know much. about this podcast and i feel like you need to. be caught up but um we talk about things. and as the tangents. hit me we go. we go this is an octopus of a conversation. okay and the nucleus of the conversation. is the head of the octopus but we go on. all sorts of tentacles. so how do you feel about christmas. okay this is a lot. of popping all over popping. like popping from thing to. thing yeah okay i'll try and follow. yeah just well how do you feel. about this i um i saw something on tick. tock that really resonated that's weird. you saw something on tick. tock yeah i like tick. tock wow um i got dummy viral. on tick tock. do you oh yeah no i don't even. see you on there well you blocked. me maybe i blocked you all right. so anyways and it was this. girl saying that if you had a good childhood. you'd like christmas oh you don't. you like hanukkah no then. you had a bad childhood. and i think maybe that's why i have like the fondest memories. of christmas growing up so yeah. you know what i was thinking. is like when i was we were watching. that frosty the snowman thing the claymation. thing where it's always where it's like hello. frosty you know and it's mickey rooney is playing the guy. and [ __ ] and um he's playing santa and and i was watching it and i was sitting with calvin and calvin loves it. and he's having a great time. because we have a good family. and everything is like you know. beautiful you set the christmas. tree up nice and all that one. of the christmas trees. that we have up nice and um and i was watching this. frosty or something and i remember watching it. as a kid and i'm watching this. and i'm and i'm and i'm mixed. with emotions like i've always said that. nostalgia you know retrospect candy. coats everything but i think if you dig. deeper like for me. i was watching this. frosty the snowman thing and i was like it was making me feel good. but also very uncomfortable watching this. thing reminding me of how it used. to be when i was a kid. and if you ask me. i had a good childhood. so i guess my clinical. question is since you're in therapy. and you're trained to. be a therapist sup. with that i think we both. know the answer to. that oh dude sup with that. i think there's some under the layer. surface oh the weather outside is frightful and the childhood. was so delightful no matter what you [ __ ] say i didn't block. out anything everything that isn't loving. isn't everything that is not loving. is also can be considered not. anything that's not nurturing can be trauma. all the way oh mommy warm. terrible don't you dare say. i had a bad childhood. i didn't no no no. i know you didn't but i'm just saying if the audience. is thinking it i called my last special. no pain and it's not. because i block stuff. out as you say you do in our relationship the guy the guy. the concert who's the rapper. that does the face. like this you're black no. racist consequent not consequence racist. uh he's wearing it's like salutations. or something conceited i follow. him on instagram i think i do the thing. that chris does do they know. about that this no yeah. but well i do it. sometimes okay so anyway i do that this is how i do it. really bad and you hit the microphone. so bad doubly bad so um yeah and so it's weird. though because like i don't like that feeling and that's why i don't like to. listen to music as well. just a deeper deeper. 100 it's a deeper. dude yeah well also doesn't like looking. at old pictures of himself. oh when we finally kiss. good night oh and that's a man. gonna be warm we both. can't possibly be blocking stuff it. would be too much. of a great coincidence you have that's what. vietnam [laughter] guys or here's charlie. because they get so because they might hit the deck. but they are just an idea i love you. i love you too. um so yeah so dude. i'm just you know. it's like we so now. let's talk about sleep. schedules i mean you asked. me to elaborate on. something you did you said. you had a good childhood. if you said you had a really fond. loving memory of christmas. because you had a good childhood. and because you heard something. on tick tock. where a girl said if you had a good. childhood you like christmas. if you had a bad childhood. you like kwanzaa or something. and i think that's very racist. okay and um so yeah okay we'll go. to your next no. but i mean i but i love i do love. christmas i love christmas yeah i really do yeah and i live through. it now with calvin and it's very sweet. yeah and like we were looking. through toy magazines the other day with him. and he was like on that. aunt that and we were circling some of the things. and that was very i actually felt like i i actually it. was literally the same feeling. that i felt as a kid. when i used to. look through those magazines yeah you felt the same. way totally yeah and that. is interesting because um i'm not a kid. anymore and i but i had two feelings. i had to oh this. is so cool to. look at these toys like literally in the back. of my head i'm like maybe i'll get some yeah. for real and obviously i've got some stuff. that i'm repressed because i still go. back to being a child. no i do too and i may. and i see gator golf. and i'm like maybe i'd have fun. with that but i know when it came i wouldn't. put it together um so yeah gator golf. so kevin wants gator golf. kevin wants robot blocks. yep um and uh anything with a face on it. he's very he loves faces. yeah sometimes we were we were just at. lunch and he saw a cow and he says there's a face on that cow. oh yep yeah he gets alarmed. when there's not a body part. on it that is supposed. to be like there was a fish. or something and it had just two. eyes and a mouth and he was like where is the notes. where are the ears fish. don't really have noses. you know well you'll have to. tell him that you'll have to. be the one to break. the news because i just kind of bypassed. i'll do it in a new. year we're dealing with a lot. with the holidays and all that yeah um and uh yeah so so i love christmas. so that's good it's good. that i love christmas. good that we both. love christmas yeah um but also you know we don't just have a christian. fan base we also have jews. in the families and we love. jews and we also have other people that don't celebrate either. so uh congratulations whatever religion you are and congratulations. whatever holiday you you celebrate whether it's kwanzaa. hanukkah christmas or any of the other ones. that i have no idea about and i feel like you guys. sometimes you get sad during the holidays. right there's that seasonal depression do you um during the holidays. only because of the fact that it happens. during december yeah but like the holidays. make it better for yes they over. top i agree with that. i agree with that yeah. um i've always wanted to. be a jew why god bless you. they seem like the ogs of like all. of it like they were like just the first these are. pretty cool yeah and like they've just like gone. through so much yeah yeah and they still have like so much money. yeah that's cool jews. are cool jews are like they're cool. yeah yeah even like when it. comes to like like i think that if you like think of like the cool. race like everyone thinks like black people. like black people are like yeah you know. they're just cool about themselves. but then jews are like we we've dealt with what you're dealing. with thousands of years ago. and nobody even really remembers. that's how og we are you. know what i mean yeah. and and and you might be thinking you're cool. but then you're cool and they go like oh hey you know. what i mean yeah i kind of wish i i it. would have been people think i'm jewish. yeah and i always i'm like i'm attracted. to neurotic energy which is why. we work so well which might be why. i also love you're attracted. to neurotic energy yeah really look at sweetheart. no no i know i'm neurotic a bit. but also like i got that. no no no but also i've got that. swagger that makes up for it. you know what i mean. and you can't argue that oh yeah. larry david you think larry david. is hot yeah do you uhhuh. oh interesting yeah i have some issues. though well i mean i don't know this. is what i think i mean. this is like so deep it's a deeper. yeah but you'll have to. go sit deeper yeah when i was uh i was a gymnast growing. up and i had a gymnastics coach. named sam you loved him. he was like my dad. um he was amazing. and he was from new york. he was jewish hey don't flip. or something he had family. die in the holocaust actually holy [ __ ] and then his dad was on a roof oh he was jewish. yep his dad was on a roof. with his dad they had escaped from. the holocaust after the wife. and daughter had died and then his dad. fell off the roof. and died so it was just him. and then wait his dad. fell off the roof. where in the holocaust okay. we got out whoa. so sam's dad was a kid. when he got out of the holocaust. oh god okay his dad. fell off the roof. oh okay and then he met sam's. wife i hope this is. oh no one's gonna know. he met sam's sorry. sam's mom and then she died. during childbirth with sam this is just them. too christ wait so when was falling. off the roof during. the holocaust after okay. after they got out oh just a freak. accident yeah jesus wild. but he was my coach. he had a accent like you do. he made fun of me. only always and it he was like my dad. and i absolutely loved him. and it like got to. the point that i was like am i in love with him. when i was like later. but i think i just was he was just don't [ __ ] flip or something man get off. the beam right and that ain't no. tea you get a [ __ ] four for that he was the best would he talk like that a little bit really no he would just be like talk like that i took a little bit like that but no it wasn't like that it was just like what are you [ __ ] doing right that kind of thing pissed off all the time well just like he work harder. you know and i'll be like okay. yeah hey you failed all. right we're done here you. [ __ ] up right oh okay i got you and he was also like not a [ __ ] creep. so that was helpful. yeah there we go. you look good on camera um so what and i put it in front of you. um all right so you like to. wake up at what time. in the morning if you had your your perfect time. to wake up in the morning. eight oh my god 30. changing it. why do you ask that. because i my [ __ ] is 10 30 10. sweetheart. i know who are we're lying. what wait what what do. you mean i'm lying you wake up. at 11. no no no no i might at the earlier. i might well that's not true. i don't wake up at 11. at 11 the earliest that's not true. unless you have something to. do if you don't have something to. do you're knocked out of the bed. by 11. maybe but also i'm i'm saying when do you like to. wake up which is i like to. wake up at 10. but i don't want. to i like to but i don't want. to because i want to. stay up as late as possible. watching great movies oh i see okay. this is what we're i wish i could only do like if i could only get five. hours of sleep and be [ __ ] firing on all syllables. i would like to. do that i'd go to. bed at you know uh three and wake up. at well i guess i could go to. bed at five then wake up. at 10. it's a point of contention. in our relationship with this oh the weather. outside is frightful let's not get too. deep into it let's keep it. on a light no and not. again argumentative well we spent like the first three the first three years. that we were together. yeah we right we've been together. for six years yeah. that's crazy that is absolutely crazy. and i like you just as much. now my darling that is not the truth. my darling hi my darling. you don't respect me nearly half. as much i didn't say. respect my darling you liked. me so much more in the first three years. it's not even actually [ __ ] close to. the same amount do you remember when we were in the car. nope next question the first the first. night that we met. yeah and mike linochi was in the back. i do and do you remember what. i asked you who's that. weird guy no what it's like are you guys sad. oh yeah i do remember that. comics are sad right. are you guys sad yeah. you're like are you guys. should have known then yeah but i i don't think i. was sad but i wasn't accessing. all of my emotions i had my walls up. right because i would not i didn't like the fact that's a question. i was like well i got to. do so many jokes. because we're not getting into. any [ __ ] here right but we were like no we're not sad we're happy and we were but well i can't speak for mike. but for me i was blocking out. any sort of realness yeah because i wasn't a real. person back then um and what do you think your change into. being a real person like how did that happen. well i'll show you [applause]. sorry sorry but it's for the bit. so you moted me so look look. i'll show you i just float away uh yeah. what well since because i'm on i'm never on. the podcast oh god this was a mistake. so maybe we can talk about that. stuff what therapy and stuff. well it's just like the real. stuff about you like oh the weather. outside is frightful you're getting. dangerously close to. having my heart beat it's going. so freaking fast i'm gonna have to. take an alprazolam after this. you're so dumb yeah um okay. can i just ask questions. oh my god dude we might have to. cut some out that's fine. okay um what was it. about me that you oh like knew that. i was um gonna be your wife you're obviously. okay look there's wife material. right you're obviously wife material. but besides that it was your energy. you were just absolutely the most even. killed person that i've ever. met and i need that. i'm nuts okay and you were just fun. from jump and like not serious. about yourself like you didn't take yourself. too seriously that's a. big thing for me. when people take [ __ ] too seriously i take themselves. too seriously and don't go. with the joke that's a huge thing. for me yeah your whole. family is so good at just going. with the gym yeah i i it's really hard. for me to deal. with um anything yeah it's hard. for me to deal. with emotions and stuff and like um you know uh but yeah so you're getting really good at it. though thanks or it's a skill. that you are um improving actively so. that's i am trying yeah. um but yeah that's uh you are um you're just great. you're great and i've i say it. on my podcast and sometimes. i honestly say like you're my angel and i don't actually like the way. i say that because i it. you're an angel and i am lucky. enough to be around. you oh baby that's how i like to. say it better than that. you're sweet but i say you're my angel and i don't like the way. that says every time i say that. i'm like i kind of cringe. because it's not i don't think that's right. to say but yeah i'm all right. dude wanna hear why. i like you or why. i fell in love with you. i want you i hate it. ew so the tear. built up in my eye. went down to. my cheek built up on. my chin it got bulbous. got too heavy and too much. liquid fell down caught it bloop. and then wanted it back. inside my body one time. my aunt martha she used. to live in the basement. of grandpa bam and grandpa. dottie's house my dad's mom. and dad my grandpa's and my grandma. my grandma and she and she her. husband uh um cut himself. really badly and he was really. old and he said i wish i had the wherewithal. to to put my mouth. on the cut and i would have just drank. it and put the blood all back. inside me as a joke. i know but he said that. and i remember as a kid. i was like did he really. think that that's how it works. and they were like no he was just playing but that was how dumb. i was as a kid. i was 25. so no but um yeah anyway. wow that was what we call in the therapy. world deflection no it's one of the tentacles. that we use in this. podcast we need to. get back to the head. of the octopus got it okay. the head of the octopus starring crystalia. and kristen taylor the head. of the octopus but what so i met. you and i had um been watching i watched. your vines in college. wow like probably let's see i was 25. or six when i met. you so when i was like 22. um and i remember thinking like i bet. i would like him or like i bet. we would get along you were. right and then i saw you perform. and then um you were so i liked you so much. more than i had ever liked anybody. that i feel like it. it um jump started my own. like journey to. becoming a better person. oh wow yeah because i was like i need to. really get my [ __ ] together if i'm gonna be like worth him oh gosh yeah and so i really really did that [music]. why is why you seem like that's bad. no it's great i loved you. so much i was like dealing with that. kind of actual connection. is what do you mean. it's so hard to. actually feel all those emotions yeah yeah we've had it we've had quite a journey together. [music] you just leave we have had quite a. journey what's that the lighter. stupid dude holy night. not even good pantomime what you're doing. well maybe this can be for the patreon. because i feel like regular people don't [ __ ] care about any of this no it's not going to. be for the patreon oh okay. well hey let me stop you right. there and it's great. but it's not for the patreon. oh okay people like [ __ ] you know and plus we got to. tell them what they like we do. what we do dude. um so that's also why i like you yeah. i know i know what do we do so let's stop talking. about why you like me. it makes me very uncomfortable. i don't want to. be so exposed to. everyone suddenly see more dude. i was in you did. plays when you were a kid. yeah i did a little shop. of horrors i wish i was uh the dentist. didn't get the role of the dentist. trent reynolds got it he. was a senior because i was and i was a freshman. and i wish they did little shop of horrors. when i was a senior. and they didn't instead they did what. do we do when we were when i was a senior. what the hell did we do. when i was a senior. technical or drink up i think elvis. that's what i think that's what we did. when i was a senior. and i was uh uh the pharaoh um and he was and i was not joseph you. have pharaoh energy for sure just like oppressive why. did i do that evil. i'm a pharaoh yeah just like what's a pharaoh. even hmm i kind of make it up. in my own head yeah that's fine. i think that's the best. thing to do let me. look at pharaoh yeah but yeah so we were in the same. first play like our first plays. were the same you weren't you were an oedipus. no guys goes um i was adelaide. and you were a man. of many my talents i was i was every part. that was the [ __ ] part that nobody wanted to. do because i was too. young and they wouldn't give me the good. parts and maybe i wasn't good i don't. know but um pharaoh is a time. a ruler in ancient. egypt that's that's me i mean. i knew that oh i didn't know. that well i i did know. that i did know that. but but are they real yeah. okay it wasn't it's not like david. crockett is david crocker real. no clue no idea it's not. like joe biden joe biden real um so i might the first. play i did was hms. pinafore in eighth grade let me let me just go. through my [ __ ] okay hms pinafore and that was the one when halal latif man this [ __ ] story i okay so we had to. have black shoes because we were sailors we could not wear white. shoes the drama teacher told us we can't wear white shoes. because sailors have to. have the black shoes. that's what we have to. have so everyone was like okay. halal one of my friends. still keep in touch with him. love the dude halal latif great. dude um had lunch with him maybe you know eight months. ago uh he said that. he was like i don't have black shoes. and she's like we're gonna have to. get black shoes and he said i don't know if he said it. or if the drama teacher. said well you you know. if you don't have the money. to get black shoes. because i don't want to. tell people to get black shoes. you can put black socks. over your whatever color. shoes you have seems unsafe didn't even think about it. i was [ __ ] 14 right. so halal says socks. over the shoes okay puts. black now so now show. time halal shows up in black socks. over his big ass. white shoes it's stretched out. you can still see the white. through the socks they were so stretched out. and hello um shows up and i'm laughing. right not because he's not gonna spend money. on the black on the black shoes. but because this whole thing. now i get how ridiculous is it. it is putting socks. on over your shoes. is so [ __ ] dumb looking and unsafe. so we do the the s the opening. number it's opening night opening. number and halal is right. in front of me. during the whole opening number okay. and we're doing those you know. we're always doing like the box. dancing and then the [ __ ] hey and then there's a we're singing a song we're on the [ __ ] bow of the ship hey hey it's hms pinafore. i don't even know what the [ __ ] song. it is but um there is a part. where i you know. i remember i'm in this. position ah you know. i'm on the left side. just going ah holding the note. and a halal is below. me on one knee uh you know. we're both hitting up. oh you know and we're doing the note. and then we have to. get up and go and and walk and oh no. we have to get up. and then do a dance and then and then that's we have to. hold this note right. so halal stands up. and and we all go. ah and he falls back down. he falls down hard because he slips because the socks. are over his shoes. okay and halal was a bigger. dude in eighth grade. like probably the biggest dude. in the class and he's how big are we talking he was a big. dude bigger than anyone i mean. we were we were in [ __ ] eighth. grade i want a pound oh i don't know. i don't know how much i weighed in eighth. grade how much are some away. in eighth grade so he falls and the whole my point. is saying he's bigger is right. because he's also he's not on the stage. we're on this thing that was built outside. of the stage in front of the stage. that covers the orchestra's pit. and it's not like it it. the noise reverberate and so he gets up. and and and we're and we're holding the note. and i'm holding the note. and i'm like try not to. laugh and i hear halal say. whoa dude no notes came out. of me after that i was just like i guess. i'll hold the position. i am my whole body's. shaking i'm crying i'm crying. so hard laughing and halal's. just gonna go ah dude. i there was the longest. note i ever tried to. hold didn't hold it but dude. i couldn't stop laughing it. was so good and i gotta bring it. up to halal again. now i'm gonna text him. after this dude um it was so [ __ ] funny and and that those memories. of doing [ __ ] like that were so fun man. theater was the absolute [ __ ] oh fear theater was the absolute [ __ ] theater was the absolute [ __ ] that's the code word to. take me out from across the building. it was so fun i got the code. sentence fear theater was. the absolute [ __ ] oh the weather. foreign [music] i wonder how much time. like if we end up spending. our lives together how much time. i'm doing bits yeah. how much time is just me. waiting in the wings while you're finishing a bit to. just like continue on with my life. because this isn't just like in a podcast. setting this is like my whole life. and you'll because you get pissed. off if i'm not actively participating. watching affirming thank you for. saying all that i appreciate you. saying all that i mean. it's got to. be months dude i get so pissed. i get pissed off. for two look who reasons sweetheart. you get happy for two. reasons you get pissed off. together good all right. so here's the deal man. when i'm doing my bits. when someone else's doing. their bits you let them do. their bits that's my rule someone. doing their bit if we got a guy. who's bit heavy like for him. anwar he's bit heavy he's always doing. bits he's so funny he's very funny right. one of my buddies he does bits. he goes heavy on the bits. you wait it out you join. in sometimes i'm a professional. he's a professional we join. him we have a good. time eric bit heavy dude. eric griffin a bit heavy. dude you let him go you join in you're pepper. in if it's his bit you peppered in a little bit. now if you're a civilian if you're not heavy. on the bits and somebody's doing bits. you let them do bits. sweetheart in in the context. of a married couple. at home you doing a bit. does not make me. a civilian [laughter]. do you use civilian take this. professional comedian i do do you civilian. take this comedian theater is [ __ ] amazing. [music] like if i don't have my phone. i mean like right. now i need to. bring like like little games. or something so i i need to. bring little things to. do like a little tictactoe or something. that like while i'm doing bits. yeah i don't even give a [ __ ] if you're laughing or not. honestly i'll still do it. yes you do well no no i want. you to laugh but if you're not laughing. i'll still do it well. here's the thing if i laugh. sometimes i laugh oh i'm giving you a dirty. little secret do not even i'm gonna tell you right. now i've asked you not to. do if you admit. what you're going to. admit i have asked you. not to do this. if it's what i think it. is i'm going to. get upset go ahead sometimes. i laugh to. make the bit be over. hello therapist yes we need a an emergency session. okay thank you because i know. that if i don't laugh you're going. to do it six more. times and drill that bit. into the [ __ ] ground until i get until i laugh. is that or is that. not the truth [music] dude. no no 99.9 of the time. i'm laughing for real. i don't know so many [ __ ] bits. that's still that point one. percent is still one out of a thousand. dollars three days the man of a thousand bits. um i i don't i i don't like that. and that's okay and i i'm gonna hold. it against you for the rest of our lives. is that okay wow another good answer. for the audio i will uh i will ask you from now. on if you really laughed at. the bitter if you were doing. it no so congratulations. hey shake my hand. no no congratulations that's my hell do you. see now say it in the mic. say that's my hell in the mic. i know but say it go. right up to the mic. and say it in the mic. you're my hell you see. how much better that sounds i. mean not necessarily the the actual substance of what. you're saying but target like this. and you're talking like this sounds so much. better yeah but like you said i'm a civilian. dude a joke's in your pocket. jokes in my pocket um so hold. on so can you talk about that. while we were watching we were watching. oprah and the [ __ ] dude and we're watching. oprah and why men. cheat and the and the dude. and the the dude in the in the being interviewed by oprah. she was like so why. did you why did you cheat. and he was like man. i don't know he was like i like this. woman because she was showing me. adoration and she had jokes. in her pocket she had a joke. on her pocket yeah. she had jokes in her. pocket dude um so so we came to. the conclusion that men cheat. because they're being affirmed by. women it's not necessarily the sex they're just like getting. adoration yeah it seems to. be the common thread. yeah i mean i think there's a bunch of different. reasons why but yeah because cheating is something. that we often you know. talk about talk about in our relationship yeah we do talk. about that just not um i think that [ __ ] we were god. damn it i wanted to. do a bit and then how are you ever. gonna come up with another. one there was some bit. i wanted to [ __ ] goddamn do i'm sure. you'll you'll find 10. to make up for it. sweetheart with every bit. lost the 300 movie 300. with one. soldier down we replenished. it with 300 more um dude. i yeah yeah you be careful. when you cut the head off a bit. because that just grows into. different bits you're going to. want to cut the head off a bit um you're going. to kind of you're going. to have a bunch of different. bits right it's like when you kill the leader. in north korea you. never know who's going to. replace it so be careful. when you kill my bits. you might be trying to. assassinate it being junk kill. jongil well that's it for youtube. if you want to. catch the rest of the episode. go on over to uh patreon dot com. crystallia and you can. catch the rest of the thing with me hearing. kristen we're doing it in two parts. so uh you know it's either. part one or part two. right now but either way go and catch the full version. of part one or part. two by going to. patreon dot com crystalia also you can get all. the backlog episodes that come out that have come out uh full in their entirety and also every month we do an episode for patreon that is not on youtube. so check that out too. and all that is just six dollars. so going over to. patreon dot com crystalia thanks. a lot foreign [music] 