 [music] runk hello. hello hello hello will hello hello it is. truly uncr anyway go. ahead hello unc crankable anyway. okay go ahead do the intro. it's episode 90 and guess. what it is december. 31st and guess what that is it. is new year year's. [music] eve new [music]. year a drunk elephant. uh welcome to lifeline. is the last episode of the year. 2023 tomorrow if you're watching this. on the day of its release is the beginning. of the year 2024 and guess what you should do. in that year the very first thing. not that the very first thing. you should do if you haven't already if you have done. this already you're the greatest. person in the world if you haven't done. it you can still be the greatest. person in the world by going. to do it now. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. sign up for lifeline luxury. it is the second greatest. show on earth after this. show which is lifeline but also i'm on tour. brand uh new material from not from grower die. a different different stuff. doing all new stuff can't bring myself. to do the old stuff i get bored. with it whatever hey w. uh bria california anyway i'll be there i'll be in sacramento. i will be in phoenix i will be in el paso. albuquerque uh kona bc vancouver so many places kitner rochester. new york houston texas go to. chris dot com there's a lot. of uh dates out there. nor for virginia durham. corpus chrisy houston yeah all right so uh that's that. and also if you want to. send in a video here. click the link below uh and uh also send a thing for matt. private record private record dot com. got the podcast the private. record solo podcast coming out real soon. you're gna love it uh go follow. it on instagram and tik top tik tok. youtube tipp top tippy. top tip tiping and so the oneonone advice sessions with matt. at mat dot com and the merch lifeline. merch dot com so look we did. the holidays and here we go. we have another one. i you know i've talked about this. on my i think on my podcast. congratulations but uh all the holidays. are smashed together not like well that's jesus. shouldn't have been born so close. to new year's eve. you mean horus you mean jesus. should have had the presence. of mind to. be born right after the pilgrims and indians. broke bread you mean horus. and right before the new year. you mean horus horus. grant no not way later. horus grant was the egyptian god that w. uh died on december. 22nd and and rose back from the dead. on december 25th and there. were three kings with him and he had 12. followers and disciples and it is the story basically of jesus. only happened 3,000 years before. jesus high yeah but the epic of gilgamesh. i mean every one of those. stories is the same there's flood there's the you know it's the baby. and horus was the first documented. immaculate birth i understand it from. a virgin he was born. from a virgin. was born from a virgin. hey would you look at that. they're also similar all the abrahamic. religions and also all the religions. before entering the age of aquarius. christ i mean stop saying horus christ. hor christ and we are. entering aquarius the age of aquarius. and we are doing that in 200200. and once that happens. we will have a new deity. to worship and that's what will absolutely. happen i've seen way too. many conspiracy theory doc dude you are just off. the deep end stop i won't. watch different stuff but that's actually true. though read i do read. this is what i get the information. from but read like a book. not some absolute batshit insane. website that no one's ever heard of you. sight dude what i'm saying. is when the age of aquarius. comes well i'm starting to. sound like a crazy what does that. even mean dude you're like you're like the pisces seea dude. and seea the most sea ever. okay moses died then jesus. happened and after jesus. dies is going to. be a new deity worst. history lesson of all time. okay stop saying a horist christ horus. christ horus christ horus t. christ horus horus tyrone christ. you better call tyone horus. christ hor you saying horus horus horus like h o r us s though not horus a h o r a s e oh god no not horus i'm saying it so he'll understand what i'm saying but it's horus is the h o r us horus i don't know how to. spell it but it's the guy. with the [ __ ] eagle head and he's egyptian dude yeah horus grant who played for the bulls. in the '90s the same. guy dude teammates with harold miner. no it's not him okay. herold miner won the sam dunk contest. and he was absolutely [ __ ]. onito not the chicago bulls. was on the chicago bulls. with michael jordan scotty pimp. scotty pimp pimp was horis. grant the one with the face mask. thing yeah dude he was the man. like like it's a horror movie. why do they wear that [ __ ] why did basketball wear that i think it's oh it's cuz vis they have. vision problems no their nose. you're talking you're talking nose. it's when they have a nose. thing no horus grant had this. just goles oh you're right. yes i'm talking about not that. that that is right i got it. i got it mixed. up but what is the thing. with the glass on their face a nose that was broken recently. or something like that on your face. wow yeah that is crazy. it's really sensitive cartilage you can bang. it again no i understand. but just don't play right. well if you understand then don't ask you well you have to. play understand after you told me. oh okay yeah but don't but you have to. play because if you're the man. and your team needs. you you have you can't be like oh my face. is going to maybe you got to. put the mask on. and get and suit up suit up. got to get zed up. from the feet up suit. up okay all right. well harris grant was a good. basketball player but he got forgotten. because of michael jordan and scotty. pippen and that's okay dude. how about scotty. pippen and michael jordan in like a loggerhead. situation you know michael jordan's son. yeah you know about this. yeah i do did we talk about this. on the no we did not talk. about on the show but i'm i'm i'm well i'm up. on current events jordan's son. events is either engaged to. or dating or maybe even married. to scotty pippen's exwife. scotty pimpin pimpin booya booya. and booya know this no see and even michael jordan's. like nah that ain't cool. isn't that weird even michael jordan's. like don't do that his son. is yeah micha michael basketball. jordan um it's uh whatever somebody jordan let me. let me see yeah and he's he's younger. obviously and scotty he's. really really handsome is he obviously. michael jordan is so handsome. no michael jordan's fine. looking dude i think michael. jordan is so handsome really. yeah oh i mean i would never say. he's not a fine looking. guy but i think michael jordan is absolutely. one of the best looking. like major uh uh athletes of all time. said that's crazy scotty pippen's. son no no michael jordan's. son the only person we said is dating. or maybe even married. to scotty pippen's exwife. yes they're they're they're they're intimate together. don't stop even say dating or married. just pick one you know. lana what's her name he had it. up and then he ruined. it oh wow michael jordan son. is good looking marcus. jordan and lara pippen 25. years after michael jordan and scotty. pippin won their michael's son. marcus and scotty x. wife oh have a wedding. yeah dude they have a wedding in the works. and apparently michael jordan is like not in they're like tmz. asked him or whatever. and he's just like that's [ __ ] up. i say that's [ __ ] up but you know what i mean. look how handsome his son. is yeah he's a good. looking dude huh. and larsa pippen looks more. like uh mr potato. head she's pretty much low kim and white. makeup but i look at all. the random parts that were assembled on her face. that nose is is cre she must be. b she must be bad in real. life the lips look. like they're just injected with every possible. thing she must be bad look. how [ __ ] sick ass michael. jordan's son that is though. so all right so there's so there you go. that's wild yeah michael jord is good. looking look michael jour is so. but to say he's one he's the one. of the best looking major league. major athletes no that's crazy. name two that are more handsome. than him seriously yeah. go ahead well first of all there's so many baseball ones. so name one there's many many many footb. name two that are more handsome. than michael jordan i know. it's subjective but oh yeah obviously. tom brady sure i mean i don't agree but i totally get why someone steve. young steve uh uh oh what's his name from uh the guy who has 900 kids from um yeah obviously he's hot. because he's been banging ringing. um the the ty what's what's his. name ty tyell owen. what sport oh terell owen that. guy's major handsome no come on. oh come on bro you know who really handsome. was really handsome a lot. of quarterbacks were handsome. right joe montana i mean. sure joth was handsome. joe namoth was handsome yeah yeah. joe joe montana's okay yeah no michael jordan michael jord both. the same michael jordan's mad. handsome dude did you guys. say tom brady. already yeah we did. that was the first one. we said um uh uh who's the running. back uh barry sanders is really goodlooking. more than michael jordan i don't know. i mean he's well he doesn't look. so good there oh no. you know what i'm not i'm not. talking about barry sanders i'm. talking about um the one in the other one. emt smith emt smith he. yeah he that's who i meant. but who tony cusa tony larusa tony lusa. dude um uh not dennis eckersley. was really goodlooking. get the [ __ ] out of here. i tony lusa you know. no yeah a lot of dennis sley look. up dennis sley dennis e. c k e r. s l e there. you go yeah come on that. guy was good looking that's a good. looking dude he had a vibe. but he wasn't yeah i guess. yeah oh oh oh oh yeah the e. was hot dude the steve saxs. was really hot the hottest todd. zal was the hottest he says you know. what's his name steve. saxs s a s ax. and go go his name. is almost sex sex but with an a uh and then go s go. young it'll come up he's a good. look old guy yeah here we go. oh let's see let's see. let's see the bat one. that one that one player profile. on the left though. not on the left you're right. but right there yeah so there you go. dude i mean there's many many more but to. say michael jord that's you're only. saying that cuz he's you know. what you're a hoe people act like derek. jeter is like dude he's so ugly. dereck jeter is a very goodlook. guy what it's his eyes. no cap br you're out. of your no cap that that. that's crazy dude dere jeto is a goodlooking. dude you're crazy you've never been honestly. you have never been more wrong. that's crazy dude derek jeter he f. he he's he's good he's got the sauce. you think he's better looking than michael. jordan i do yeah when he was young. you talk about mind. is shattered dude you talk. about young it doesn't matter anytime he was never better. looking than michael j what about. this uh pete sis. andre agi okay well you're talking. tennis tennis is like the hottest guys. look at dark j's wife dude. nadal federer sis look at his l. about hockey players dude. hockey you're forget dude you're crazy. you're out of your element. look at d jer's wife bro. i don't oh yeah i know. d jet's a hot. wife he's worth $800. million i know i know i know i get it. i get it i get it. [ __ ] anyway uh michael jordan is a fine looking. guy but i would not say he's the we're talking about. it too much but i would not say he's one. of the best looking athletes no. way i love the way. michael jordan looks okay. you know physically physically physically i love the way. he looks that's f. that that's the only way. you can like someone looks is physically. i'm just i'm just someone i like the way. he looks emotionally you. can't say that i i just mean. like on i don't mean. like on the court when he's in when he's in motion. i'm talking about physically still images. i love the way. michael jordan looks get it. all right i get it. all right i get it. my baby start um and on the heels. of that let's start with the advice. okay cool i guess i'll start. with the advice uh hey chris hey matt. hello um try to. make this fast so i'm such a goofy. person when i am by myself. uh i love who i am. when i'm by myself i make myself laugh and like i don't care. who i am and then all of a sudden when i get into. groups of people even with my husband or whatever i like i get really quiet. and shy and awkward but like i want. to be a weirdo. i want to. be the weirdo that i am. and i want to. be who i am in front. of people but i don't know how to. start that with people that i already know cuz i can't be weird. and quiet one day and then all of a sudden be weird. and crazy so what is your advice. for slowly taking steps to. be who i am around. the people that have got me. forever you overthinking it huh. thank you i love you. bye you're overthinking it though. not that it's not valid. totally yeah right okay. but you're just overthinking it. and it's making it worse. to overthink it is. making it worse that's true. of almost every single thing. honestly okay but but not but not everybody. overthinks things and i'm saying this. is she is is what she's doing over. what i'm saying is overthinking. things almost always makes things worse. right got you okay cool. so so that's the way. we should have said it. right but you didn't say. that exactly what i said. anyone who has questions about. it can rewind and see exactly. what i said which is exactly. that so uh yeah i i actually totally get it. not in the way of like i want. to be my true. self and it's weird but like i've had the experience of being like i've changed or i believe i've changed and people. who know me know version. of me that they insist on being the case. and i feel like i've grown in a different way. than like they see me. because they've known me and that. you know you when you know someone you come. to expect behavior from them. and it can be hard. to be the way. you want to. be and be seen as such versus their ongoing. expectation of what they've always thought you to. be so i can relate in that. sense but it the truth. is the only doesn't matter ins. and out specifics nuance. don't really matter all that. matters is you have to. act the way that feels natural to. you and right to. you regardless of what people's expectation. of you are even if it's very very very different. right that's it there's no other like you could go on. and on about it. and talk about your specific case. it doesn't matter like the only way. to solve this scenario. or issue problem is to. act the way you feel. is most aligned with the way. you are and the way you want. to be even if people are like oh that's really different. at first they'll get used. to it if they're really your friend. they'll get used to. it i think she's expressing. some sort of uncomfortability though. is what that when she's doing it. it feels inauthentic even though it's authentic because she's around people and it gets and she gets all bunched. up about it which i do understand. but i would say that. which would be another symptom of overthinking it. right yeah but i would yeah i would say that. also with age it it. it gets a little easier. i don't know how old she is. but you know i think that like cuz i was like that. in my 20s um also putting yourself. in situations where that's hard. for you makes it easier. you know it's like when i do stand. up and i would bomb. i'd get better because i would just be like oh this. is what bombing is who. gives a [ __ ] and then you know you you end. up going on stage. and you make you know. you and you and you figure it out. and they don't sniff that. fear from you so you're you. unapologetically you know what i'm. saying i do i don't know if it applies to. her but i do yeah. i don't know i have something. that halfway applies as well. too i remember dude. i remember the day. i became no longer shy. what i rem i distinctly. remember the day it. happened i was the cross the crossing guard. at my elementary school i was in fourth. grade and the crossing guard. who i saw every day. he'd walk me across the street. when i would go to. walk home from school. he knew me and he knew me. as like a really quiet. shy kid and i had this. friend who was the opposite. of that and i think it. was the reason i was drawn to. he was so unabashedly himself. all the time and he was a really wild. kid and funny kid. i thought at the time. and when he when this crossing guard would see us. together i assumed he thought we were both. like that but in reality it. was just my friend this. day i was alone. and i remember thinking i'm going. to act the way i feel is more aligned. with who i really am in front. of this guy because there's no stakes i don't care. what this guy thinks uhhuh. but i was shy. to everyone in the world. including this guy so i was going. to test it out on this. guy wow and i started being like you know. doing i don't even remember what. i was doing i remember i started. i think penis i started. peeing all over the road. and on him and i was like being silly. and goofy and it's just me. i realized like there are no. consequences it's totally fine. to either be shy. or super outgoing and silly. and goofy and honestly. from that day on i was no. longer a naturally shy kid. waa how old were you i was in fourth. grade i don't know that's 10. or 11 isn't that weird i don't. that's crazy i remember i used to. be shy i see it. in calvin now you know billy's only eight. months old so i don't really see it. but uh i see calvin being shy. and it's interesting well here's the thing. i know i was cripplingly. shy so i i know. i was wary of that. so i was on the lookout. for it so when he started talking to. people i would make sure that i was with him. and i say it's okay. why don't you say hi. to that person and tell them. and when somebody says what's your name. i say tell them. your name i don't say. it you know it's okay tell them. and and now he's you know. i don't know if you could say a fouryearold. i don't know if he's outgoing or not. for a fouryearold but he'll go. up and he'll be like you know. he's less shy than i. was oh that's good and and and and you know. part of it is because probably he he has some of kristen. in him but like a lot. of it is i think because i led with you. know me uh knowing how i was and how it was hard. for me as a kid. how scared i was cuz i was always scared. of everything you know. and i don't want i don't wish that on you're huge [ __ ] true. that you were a giganto. [ __ ] so i wouldn't say giganto you were you a a giganto little wussy. baby boy okay okay. giganto psy is very disrespectful and i will tell you this. it has the adverse effect. of what you think it. does because a giganto. psy means it's not an effective. p ussy because a lot of uh people would like the tighter ones. so what you're saying is i'm not yeah. but that's now you're getting off. the point here what you're saying. is i'm an ineffective p. ussy which means i'm brave. so thank you very much. no got out of that. one yes got out of that. one so dumb i've thought. about this and getting out. of that one bothers me. so much when you say get out. of that one bothers me. so much you laugh at it. so how do you feel about that. you laugh at it so it doesn't bother. you deep down so let's talk about it. how how does it make you feel absolutely. detested how does but then why. do you laugh at it. yes got up to. that one you no it it. says more about you and who you are. than anything else imaginable yes. does crushed you on that. one what what does the fact. that you say got out of that. one when you're not even in one. okay i was in one. you weren't in one. you're never in one when you say. got out of that one. you're never in one you're just like we're talk what. would be in one predicament. really and you're cornered and like that's not what. a conversation is well i got of the predicament. using using is my point using. uh uh gymnastics using linguistic g. gymnastics i was able. to you know what i mean. that the part where uh katherine zeta jones. is doing the thing in entrapment where she's trying. to get through the laser beams. that's me god so weird. that that is the enduring image from that. and every time i bring up. ent tratment that's what you say. this cuz i can't believe it. though also why do you bring up. entrapment so often well real question. it was a movie it. was it honestly before that life. was good and then entrapment came. out and things really went to. [ __ ] but i will say it entrapped. you but i will say that. movie the reason why that happened. was because that was pretty sultry. i know but it's weird. that that it's so weird. to me the things that become touchstone like uh enduring. images of things okay what else is one uh can we think of one. yeah i mean this was on my mind. earlier today so i don't know. if everybody knows it but the exorcist. the image of max von. sidow outside the apartment and near the light. post that was the poster. yeah it was a post. to that one got hollywood. out of that one got hollywood. out of that one you didn't you weren't. in one hollywood was in one. hollywood was in a predicament. when you said that. iname so uh yeah but that was the poster. yeah i guess it was i don't. know if it was the poster. what the poster in was heres. it might as well be yeah yeah that is weird. how that stuff sticks in. our minds but maybe it's just us. if we say ent trapment to. someone else first of all most people be like what the [ __ ] is ent trp. of like a movie and they be like oh yeah that one. was sean conor they might not even. know kather zeta jones is in it you know what let's google. images see when the comes up okay scroll. it's going to. be no don't put post. the posters doesn't yeah no poster. don't [ __ ] it up like that movie just do movie you got to. put movie you got to. do movie you don't have to. do movie i mean there it. is it's first page it's right. there was it really it's in the middle. yeah it's in the middle and keeps [ __ ] it up there is yeah yeah yeah there it is the very first non. poster image was that that's so weird. what is it look. how many people have watch that. well 2.16 million views and we get it. we understand why it's not. because of the plot it's because of her rious maximus. yeah uh isn't that weird. that's so how much in all the press. photos how much did sean connory smell. so bad and knew it. and made kathern zeda jones. deal with it and was just like put the chairs closer. he say dude and also how about when he said he would hit women. and he should walters. was like yeah so what so said yeah. i still think that so dark. you know like the darkness. in that in in his memory his mind. what's flashing are like some of the darkest moments ever you know when they're talking about that. i don't understand how and and that that. came out that they were like trying. to say [ __ ] about him when he was still alive. and it just kind of went. away what do you mean. say [ __ ] about him you know how the people they'll be like oh you're canceled. because of this or whatever. yeah but it was people there's no like rhyme. or reason or or uh uniformity to. that working like people try to. do that [ __ ] with many many people it doesn't work you know true. i guess you're right it's just like some trains. just keep rolling and you're right. you know just i wonder if it affected. sean conor at all you know. no no dude he's an outrageous. [ __ ] is he yeah well obviously he said that you yeah well yeah that i don't even mean that do you know other dick. there are crazy stories about him. being just a giganto. dick you can't now you know what's weird is i know guys that like stars. that like are like that that uh you know. they're not my friends. but i know people that are dicks. and people think that they're great. and they don't know the real. them and they're such [ __ ] [ __ ] and it's crazy that these people are not like get get passes. or or or or don't get exposed and some people do and then some you know. what i mean it's like odd. it's completely so odd the idolatry of public. figures in general is stupid. because the chances of someone who's really really famous. and really really especially really really powerful. being a good person are crazy. low that's the thing that i don't. understand about how like then they do the most the most most put on a pedestal. and beloved by people who have no idea about them well that's the thing i don't get about like ellen or like it's like oh you when remember when it was comment that she's a big dick. and like she she's not going to. do the show anymore. i don't know if she doesn't show anymore. but like but like oh your boss. is a dick yeah that oh your boss. is a dick the ellen. one was weird to. me because it was like she's just a a mean. boss every everyone is a mean. boss yeah paull the public. i would i would guess 70% of people. think their boss is a dick. yeah yeah and but guess what guess. what most of the time. their bosses don't even. know they're being a dick. they're just the boss and they're like oh [ __ ] really i didn't know that. [ __ ] you yeah but even that's immaterial. because they're being a dick. and like the person under them. thinks so yeah it's just true. across the board it's so weird. that was a really weird. one that was a weird. one but there were other ones. too everyone was like she's such a monster. who was the one who did. the the directed the who was the guy. that directed the uh uh he did some superhero. movie oh james gun no not him. that was just for some jokes. he did on twitter which was stupid. brian singer no let's be real. about james gun though. he made too many jokes. like that but go on yeah. okay but still they were he was trying. to be funny not they were not funny. very obvious that it. was a joke yeah. no it was was it the it wasn't weeden. was it oh jos weeden yeah yeah dude. the the thing on him. i was reading it i'm like nobody's even saying anything. specific they were just like yeah he made me. feel bad i didn't read. anything about him because i don't care. about him but everyone does. so yeah everyone cares. about him go go. up go up go up. go up accused of misogyny i i i i read it. and i was like i mean. i i guess look i maybe i didn't read the whole. thing i don't remember but i remember being like what is this. oh yeah he's mean somebody said he's mean oh i remember this. everybody was like he's a huge dick. and everybody came out with stories about it. yeah i mean well look here's the thing. i don't know if you're a huge here's the ultimately if you're a huge dick. to everyone you encounter. you should expect there to. be a lot of people eventually. it might start to. trickle out slowly at. first but eventually everyone's going to. be like that guy's a huge dick. and it'll kind of course correct. so i get it that like people. want to let the world. know that their heroes are dicks. that's fine with me. though anyway i just hope that they reboot. buffy yeah well that's what the conversation. is all about okay. let's do another one. uh all right yeah yeah yeah way. too long hi. chris and matt my name is emily. i'm a huge fan chris. i've seen you in new hampshire. and boston and matt we had a private. session because my mom was dating a. que in honor. which is no longer happening. so thank you oh uh so my issue. i am 33 i've been single for. a long time and would like to. get back into dating um. after having done a lot of work. on myself i am now. over a year and a half. sober from alcohol and my struggle. is that i don't know. if there's a right time to. tell a guy about my sobriety. um and if there's a way to. frame it where it's not automatically seen. as a red flag i've been rejected. a lot i understand why. a lot of people would have addiction. and alcoholism as a deal breaker. but um it would be nice if i was given. a shot any and all advice. would be greatly appreciated. thank you well it's up. to you to. help the stigma though. i mean like you can be an addict. and still you know there. should be no sh you have to. you have to. get to a point. where there's no shame. in it you know. is she i'm sorry just for clarity. is she saying she'll tell people that she's sober. and they'll people will hold that. against her well i think i'm not i'm actually. that sounded like i was being a wise. ass there are people who are like that. and obviously the answer to. that is you don't need those. people in your life yeah those. people suck dude but i think to. go beyond that she's talking about the shame. she has where she feels. like she has to. bring it up and she doesn't want people to. have a certain reaction to. it and when should she bring it. up and i think that it. helps period it. helps things if you just drop the shame. you learn how to. drop that and just say yeah. i'm sober to. somebody it doesn't matter. if first second date whatever because it's just it. comes up when it comes. up and if they don't want you in your life. like because of that then they're doing you a favor. i i i i think that you know. being an alcoholic and being an addict is. is tough uh to. navigate and you have to. come to grips with the fact. that you're okay you you you're a year. and a half sober. that's amazing that's that's actually a lot. of time under your belt you know. i mean you're you're you know. yeah there's people who are sober. for 20 years but you know. it's uh it's a you're doing. a good job and you should be proud of it. yeah 100% exactly not not oh what's this. person going to think uh and and and fur furore. so many people are addicts man. like the people you tell this. to they don't even know they're addicts. in some way or another. and they're just saying you know. but i i get it. i get the shame but like you you you should just you need. to work on get to. a place where it doesn't bother. you because i know as an addict. that when you let the shame uh take you over. it just spirals you into. more of a of an addict you. know of addict behavior so um yeah so work. on a work on it. to where you're okay. with yourself and [ __ ] [ __ ] them dude if i me people yeah that but but also about when to. bring it up i don't think you i think this kind of a version. of what you're saying. but like you don't there's no right. or wrong time bring it. up when it comes up. the first time you guys are in a place. where he might be ordering. a drink and you don't explain. it then just don't i don't mean. explain it like defend. it just say it i don't i don't. drink and oh why oh i'm sober. i mean maybe i'm feel a certain way. about it because there's so many sober. people in la m maybe it's different. in other places in the country. yeah true it is that there's more. of a stigma but here dude. it's so not stigmatized no. not at all at all. but also you also don't have to. be make it this thing. where like hello i'm sober. this and that like you can just be like oh yeah. i haven't drank for a year and a half. i don't do that [ __ ] anymore. i' [ __ ] my life up you know what i'm saying who wouldn't understand that yeah who's got a thing about oh you don't here's the thing you want to. make the focus about it. i don't drink because i'm a better. person and healthier and wiser and it's better. for my life because i don't not when i drink i get all [ __ ] up and it's this illness that i have like no no no you don't drink. because it's a better. decision for you not to. drink that's a a thing that everyone should be. seeking in a potential partner. they've weeded things out of their life. that make their life worse. you have a good think of it. as like a badge of honor. not a badge of [ __ ] well it is yeah it is a bad that's what i'm saying. it is a badge of honor. yeah period yeah that's it. um think of it that. way and when it does come. up be proud to. talk about it i yeah if they don't like it for sure. [ __ ] them why would you want that person yeah yeah yeah even if you're not sober and you're with somebody that thinks that you don't want to. be with them that's a weird. way to think i think. i think yeah i agree does. to solidified i do have a question. for um mao actually and he just went to. the bathroom but he's coming back. mao yeah you gave me an accessory to. charge my i phone you gave me this. which is so so big right. can we agree lifeline viewers that. this power pack is it's not. just big it's heavy literally. than my face it has a lot. of charges on i believe that. cuz it's got a lot. of charges on it so that's great. okay i plugged it. into my iphone i i got a charge i got a charge it was great. it was going well then i looked and down and it said accessory has won't charge the device. because it has too much. power that's that's what it. said your device has too much. power anymore it doesn't say that. oh it said that. oh it said that. why would he why would he make that. up well i don't know. if it's going to. do that again now. because it's probably not going to. do it again now. okay so when it comes back. i'll show you okay you're my witness okay. so i i'll keep it there. okay can't wait for it. to do it again. being so loud it's no. but it's can't wait all right. so let's do another one. okay hey chris hey matt. chris i saw you in salt. lake city a month so absolutely wonderful. show matt i saw a trailer. for uh your movie and you look like christian. bale when you shave your head. in your face so uh know that. okay great i love you. both i love the podcast. keep me going through my days. thanks brother so i got this. thing where i work with heavy. equipment and i'll be pinching my fingers sometimes. and i get a blood blister. and i'll cut it so that it. doesn't stick on my skin. looking all gross. and weird and [ __ ] sure but i didn't know if it was was weird because i'm self haring uh like an emo uh i want to. know you guys thoughts on that. i love the podcast. keep ripping life ripping appreciate. you guys take care uh 65%. of men who live in salt. lake city look like that guy. dude how crazy is that look at him. he's got the salt lake. city face i mean right. there it looks like billy bob. thorton in sl but um yeah i don't know. i i i that's not self. harm you know of course. not but i will say it's [ __ ] fun as [ __ ] why is this so fun what is what is he talking. about he's saying he's got blisters and they they they bulb. up oh yeah okay. yeah and he pops them. is that weird i thought he said he cut cuts. them yeah yeah popping them. is cool why are you cutting. them well i think that that's you. got to you like heat. the blade and then no is that what he does. you should right you don't want to. use some random blade it's dirty. and [ __ ] yeah but i think what he means does he means he actually cuts. it off i thought he no. i think he cuts. it open and and let the juice. which is popping it. let's the juice squeeze out i mean. this guy semantics and which is popping. it it's not popping it. it's it's what do you call. that when you like lancing. yeah yeah exactly yeah dude. how about that i am a linguistics and i the way. i get out of [ __ ] is unbelievable. that technically wasn't a yes got out. bo but i would lance. it off i would lance. it off if you boil. i boil up with fury when you say i got out. of shakespeare i but i feel my body welling. up shakespeare hot oh body. hot volcanic oh body of mine. boiling blood over the over the hills i'm boiling um yeah i i don't know i i i don't think it's weird. i do it and m man. do i love it you. love that that love you. drain it that's how you l. and then dra it i mean. get a thesaurus for [ __ ] sake. i didn't need one i did. it myself fess where my thes guess where my thesaurus. is all right well stop would you like to. look look at look trying to. check if we have pants on. what does that say. it says cannot use accessory this. accessory uses too much power. so what's it mean. my phone's [ __ ] right here. of course not that's [ __ ] now though cuz you just broke it here. here sorry why is that. 28 lbs and what what is. that so what does that. mean it doesn't mean d. nothing my accessory uses too much. power or his accessory uses. too much power who. cares you're saying that your phone's charged i no. it's not completely charged but it's enough. but what if it [ __ ] it up and i got to. get a new iphone. dude just wipe it off. you'll never know it's already. gone wipe it off you know. hey no swipe it all right. i get it swipe it. what uh calvin would say swipe swipe it. off d he thinks it's skripe. can you sripe it that's cool. it's so cute all right. um yeah i don't think it's weird. to land [ __ ] off it's not weird. at all wait i did. one recently what i do. i i uh oh i had a oh dude. it didn't come back what was it. coming back i had a thing all of a sudden. i was like rubbing my it. hurts so bad and it was like a uh a skin. tag mhm oh yeah i came back. really i think so we don't talk. about this why'd you bring it. up then well i didn't want to. now i didn't want people to. back yeah i feel it no. no no no that that that's not it. that's that's not it that's not it. i had a different it dude. you know stop [ __ ] so many times i know that that i i was getting upset. and then the last time. it's like i get it. i was just waiting for you to. react it was weird. don't be like that dude. i caressed his neck. [ __ ] little brother ass [ __ ] i i caressed his neck but it was weird though i know but you took so many times to. say it was weird. i thought it was interesting. anyway i i took it off cuz when i was at the beach. once no no the pool. we were out on. vacation as as kids. and oh it's a long. time ago yeah it was just me. and you we left mom. and dad at home. no we went to. we're at the pool and i had i had this. uh skin tag that. was here i had them. all my life yeah and it was it. was falling off and as it was falling. off i was in the pool. i just go i took it off. oh okay kind of that's what was hanging. out by a thread. right and the next week it. was back it grows back. you know that right. mhm right so i got it. removed the doctor got removed and so. um this one way little older. than this one but all of a sudden i'm like what the [ __ ] what is the how can you know what i'm saying. when you get older. some [ __ ] will just appear like crazy weird. yeah so i i it was hanging on by a thread. so i i twisted. a little it hurts. so bad sounds painful sounds gross. too like someone stabbed. me so i'm like all right. [ __ ] it so i get the kristen got me a nail. clipper kit hold thing. all what are you doing. okay took the [ __ ] sharpest lance. i go like this gone no didn't hurt. okay and i just realized no it's not. back it's not back it's not back. oh what the freak how. crazy is that it'll come back. it'll come back it'll be. i'll wake up one day. and it'll be like my dresser. you know why though i feel stop if we've talked about this. already on the podcast. it's in your dna to. grow out of your body. at a certain time in your life. and then if you cut it. off after it comes out. your body's still wired to. have that so it'll be like wait. no you need that and regrow it your body. goes exactly no no no yep um no yeah we did. talk about that before. on this podcast okay. so i got three moles removed. though when a month. ago dude oh yeah good i that's good. i when i was little i think in i think again. in fourth grade a lot. of fourth grade stuff. coming up okay i had a big. mole removed from my back. yeah and i it was it. was big enough to. need stitches i thought it was my our other brother. but okay we no i thought we had three brothers. but that was a mole. oh now you get it. good job yeah okay that. one and and i started showing people. at school and said well this is hilarious. actually i don't think i've ever told you this. i said the scar. was from my brother. stabbed me in the back shak so [ __ ] symbolic. how crazy is that and people believe mears like that. big you know would i stab you with a toothpick why. did nobody say anything to. me about it they were scared. of me that's why yeah. they were like why people were scared. of me m's a word. when they came around dude. i was pr pretty much. tony soprano dude pretty much yeah. and then there was that other kid. who said you were a drug. dealer who i beat up. after school and lot lot a lot. of things said untrue about me. so but anyway let's do it. let's do another one. yeah hi guys chris matt um called it. before chris you remember my kitchen. you said it looks dope. come over anyways um i need help. there's good friend of mine. her name is to. be not announced anyways um she's really. cool and i don't want to. stop being friends with with her however she has sperm. eyebrows you know what those are mco. can you bring a picture of sperm. eyebrows i've i don't bring up. stuff anymore but nope you don't look wrong. [ __ ] thing anyways whatever uh their eyebrow literally little ball and then cho tail like a sperm. okay i'm not saying my eyebrows. are the best but okay. uh sperm eyebrow what do. i do what do i tell her. how do i be like yo go get a microbladed. yo well let's see look. up her sperm eyebrows. that's not a thing she made that google. sperm eyebrows thanks love you. chris i'm going to. see you sacramento vip. let's see go can you google. it yeah you can google. he's g to. [ __ ] see what you type in you know this isn't even going to. be his fault i i i don't think. there's no such thing as a sperm. ey brow oh well that one. looks like it is that. one looks like sper. oh oh my god that looks so much. friend well that's drawn on right. of course i never really oh oh oh it really. is a thing oh my god can you can you just go. to like news or something yeah. news about sperm eyebrows. can you just go to. like not the pictures though. i want to. see if there's like links sperm. eyebrows like buzzfeed did something. sperm eyebrow updates dot com. can you go to. links can you just go. to all go to. all not lord almighty dude. why would the [ __ ] would do not want images on that because i want to. know if it's a the story of sperm. brows so now we know. it's a thing dude. this guy really doesn't get it. huh early 2000 sperm. brows making a comeback. it look sperm brows. it's a thing look listen. it sounds like sperm. brows are a thing that people do. on purpose yeah that's what it. does sound so why would you tell your friend. that she has them she obviously. knows she's doing them on purpose. that's crazy this is a non. thing to call in about you. don't tell it's like you don't tell someone. like hey do you know. you just got a haircut. yeah they they got a haircut. cuz they got the haircut. hey hey uh you got sperm. brows she i know oh okay. see movie exactly um but that's a stupid. thing that it's a thing honestly. that's a stupid thing because all eyebrows kind of look. like sperm anyway that's a dumb. thing that somebody made up they all. kind of look like sperm. wait what do who which group. of people are you saying are dumb. though i'm confused the people. that do anyone that made up. that that thinks sperm brows. is a real thing no. i totally get it. no no no no no i i understand. but eyebrows are already so on their way. to look like sperms that you can't. be like these eyebrows it's it's not. it's like you know yes you can though. because no that's exactly. why you can because they look. like flat things that curve. around your eyes i gu when you shave like all but the little ends. but they look like balls. it looks exactly like a sp. i understand but but but maybe also people are just born with it. maybe she's born with it. maybe it's maybelline maybe she's born with it. maybe it's sperm eyebrows. [laughter] maybe it's sperm. eyebrows yeah dude exactly but i i don't i this. is not this would be like hey my friend. has that step haircut. that was really popular in the '90s. i get it i don't know. how to tell him. he has a step haircut. and it's like you don't need to. tell him he got the step. haircut i know i got sperm. brows done yeah hey dude. you got a shirt. on yeah right yeah so next hi. chris hi matt hi big fan. of the podcast my husband and i listen. all the time um so i'm currently. four months pregnant y. do at the end of may. great and i have a friend from college. which was many years. ago now um who's getting. married in june um she's asked. me to be a bridesmaid and um last time. i talked to her um you know. she just wasn't totally understanding that. i'm expecting to have a baby. at the end of may and it might be it will. be really difficult to. be a bridesmaid and have a baby. within the same month. um as you know due dates. are not set in stone so i could potentially have a one. to two week old um and she's just not totally understanding without me. having to say that i'm not. confused looking for some advice. on how to. approach that conversation with her um and tell her that it. just doesn't feel possible. to be able to. do both um any advice. that you have would be greatly. appreciated thanks okay cool i got great. advice your friend [ __ ] sucks big chunky [ __ ] wow first of all that street is really loud outside your [ __ ] friend you need to. move it is so loud. on that street how could your friend. be so terrible. as to not understand. why you wouldn't want to. be in their [ __ ] wedding when you're literally going to. have a baby that day. i got one word that's conjoined. brilla okay next it's like i don't. like to say this but brilla okay. i don't like when you say it. either yeah no i don't like brilla at all. but uh in this case. it people are well people get married. their this is the problem. about weddings dude. when when women are like this. is my [ __ ] day no it's not it's everyone else's. day too you're just happen. to get married on that. day it's everyone else's day. [ __ ] it's my day. i have to go. that is infuriating my day. too that is upsetting. yeah yeah that actually there's nothing that. would yeah you would particularly be really infu so something. that would make me. mad did so congrats yeah uh yeah just say no dude. say no that's too much. on your f glee dude. she no she said she did. say no and her friend was like not understanding i understand. but keep to. the no is what i'm saying. i mean i should [ __ ] hope so right. i think she's more saying like why did like what do. i do about my friend not understand. it yeah that's not cool. you have a baby do on. yeah what she like hold. she's just like hold it in your [ __ ] yeah what does she expect you to. what is the solution. even i do she's up. like sh yeah water just dripping down her. leg yeah kn cuz kn cuz on there. cuz she's having a baby. cuz that happens to. me how that is like peak selfishness. think about it yeah it. is that's crazy peak selfishness. peak selfishness because it's not even just about. it's about the lady it's about the also the baby. you're ruining a a bunch of stuff. so many stuffs i imagine you were born. at my friend's wedding i couldn't say no. to i had to i sorry. dude sorry yeah i had to. hold it because i had to. make sure that you know. i printed out her vows. making her feel so bad and [ __ ] cuz of this dude. come on yeah yeah that that's tre. was loud huh i really it. was getting to me that. you were doing that you know. yeah i know but uh i think lay just going. to lay it out there. it was getting to. me i think it was good in fact i missed. the first one and that's what pissed. me off because here's the thing i saw the first one go by. i was about to. do it and i was like i shouldn't do it. and then i got upset. i didn't do it so then i did every single car. after that secret and then when i was delighted. when i saw cars. go this way too i was like oh cool. and then i saw one make a turn and i go. delighted i did it yeah okay you got it's the small wins. in life you know. i agree with that but that was a loss. it's the small wins in life. and i won there that. was a that was a net. loss it was a gross. win cuz you're going to. learn about loss what's that what is that from it. a gross win i don't even know what it's from. it's from a movie oh oh you're going. to learn about that's from kate. fear h you're dark um all. right all right next one. what's up matt what's up. chris see this i will be 6. months sober um i had. a very bad alcohol problem um and that led me. to move home to. get some help temporarily so i'm staying with my parents. um good for you and through. the time at home i've noticed something. that my dad does it. drives me absolutely insane um so my mom. buys ice cream she buys. it she doesn't eat it. she buys it for me. and my dad to. share it's like a communal ice. cream okay well that sounds like a zack. movie and we both eat out. of the carton now my dad likes chocolate. syrup i sometimes like it. most of the time i i know. what's going on my dad. will pour the chocolate syrup. into the carton of the ice cream. instead of putting it in a bowl. inexcusable and that ruins. it for meable most of the time. i don't want it so when i go to. open it there's chocolate syrup. all over the place says there's not but there. is oh i like this. because i'm looking at it. um now i need him to. know that it's an extremely inconsiderate. thing to do um and if he wants. the chocolate syrup he should be putting it in a bowl. yeah but he doesn't think that. he should be putting it in a bowl. because he says oh well it's you're not going to. notice it i eat all. of it and he doesn't and i've seen that. so that's ar you don't where do you guys fall. on this and how do i get him. to understand that this is something. he should not be doing to. his son uh chris i'll see you january. 20th at celebrity theater in phoenix life. rips hell yeah d. chris dot com for dude. hey how about this use bows you [ __ ] heathens yeah here's here's the main thing. though how do you convince him. like show him show him the chocolate. syrup in the in the car. you mean you don't like he doesn't believe. it i know what's happening. it's not that much and and the dad's just like of course. yeah so it's like i get what. the dad's doing but use bulls. you heathens d you're two different. people yeah yes exactly share. it you share it you. know you share it heathens and also um chocolate syrup. is gross sucks. bro you're [ __ ] disgusting. father you're a [ __ ] disgusting. father fat [ __ ] and honestly disgraceful that you use it sometimes. you heathen and here's another thing. that you could always pull you you say to. your dad oh you know. what you you do. it again you put chocolate sauce. on the thing i'm going. to start drinking again. great it be on you my life's. on you as you walk away. and then the next day. show up so drunk. you know what interesting. congratulations on your sobriety though these kinds of things. are often like yeah but yeah but da da d well but it could be that da. no that's not what this. is your dad is plain ass. wrong plain old plain ass. dead ass wrong i'm liking. it okay i don't like anything about this. so now what you're going. to do is make sure that he uses a bowl. from here on out okay. or give your mom you cheap. ass [ __ ] a little bit of money. to buy two ice cream. fair have one that is yours. and one that is his him. yeah yeah but when he does then. you'll have even more of a legitimate. gripe your dad is [ __ ] everything up won't matter though but give your mom a few extra bucks. to get two of them. okay no that's the answer. is use blls obviously but it's cost. effective but it's obviously not going. to be done by. the father [ __ ] i'm angry yeah. that's the point so we got to. work you know what i would do. honestly when the ice cream came. i would take half of it. out and put it in a bowl in the freezer. wow you're crazy i would that's crazy. though it it needs to. be done it's a necessity and when i would do it. i would go like this yes got to. of that one yeah you would do. that because dude it's like god chocolate. syrup sucks so bad. why does he want. chocolate syrup on his ice. cream it's fine you like what. you like but ice cream comes. already done it's finished. so sweet it's so sweetly. flavored and so nice it's finished. completely finished tested the taste of it. i i i i know i dude. you're talking to me. bro and they put the thing in the cart. and it's done i don't even like cranberry sauce on thanksgiving. dinners i get it dude. yeah it's done i want everything. all aart so when i can you know. me right i have met you yeah. so it's like i got the brownie. and the ice cream i think the brownie. i do out how much ice cream. on i want out the brownie. you don't put don't you dare. put the [ __ ] ice cream on the brownie. that's different n it's not different. dude i'll tell you why. it's not different too because the ice. cream melts all over the brownie. cuz the brownie hot dude. guess what i'm in the restaurant. don't even [ __ ] microwave. the brownie i'll decide thank you. very much you'll decide what the heat. the temperature and how much ice cream gets doled out on the brownie. at a at a restaurant. how you're going to. go in the back indian. chief um i going to. go in the back no. no no i say i would like dude. i go to this. restaurant sometimes i don't and they get they have a a brownie. and and the nerve of these [ __ ] man you order to. the brownie and they say okay. great you don't say anything. they bring it with [ __ ] whipped cream ice. cream nuts [ __ ] it says brownie. so i say it doesn't say under it. comes with so i say brownie. i want the brownie don't heat. it up and then i want ice. cream on the side of it. uhuh and it comes bing bang. boom i got the way. i want it okay. okay that's the end how but you said you sounded. mad that's the good ending it's infuriating. that people think brownie comes. with everything oh yeah yeah that's here's another one. hey oh dude this drives me. [ __ ] why do people put a [ __ ] line in club soda or water. here's the worst part you don't think. that's bad well let me grind. your gears okay would you like a would you like a line. that they just ask that. right yeah no thank you. yeah great that's how it should be you're saying. right no that's what they do. oh okay they go club. guy at the bar just puts. the on here now you're we're getting into. territory you ask me some [ __ ] i didn't i had to. answer it shouldn't even be on there. period cuz i just asked for a club soda if i want a lime on it. i should say hi i'd like a club. soda with lime. if i just said club soda. don't ask me. about lime but if you're going to. ask me about lime. and i say no connect. with the bartender on it. mh yeah i completely. agree i didn't think you're going. to agree no of course i agree. well i mean if they ask you do you want. something you say no and they bring it. to you and it comes. with the thing you specifically said you didn't want. i know i know then there's no you could have said. it's not a big deal but there's no opinion. there it's just is a plain fact. that obviously it shouldn't come. with the line i know i know all right. let's do another one. all right so h. what's up fellas my name is hans. i live in anchorage alaska. um that's southern alaska not northern alaska one. cares however many weeks ago. chris mentioned how people in northern alaska may. not find anybody you know. or what um i did. find somebody my fiance is from. alaska however we did meet in boise. so there's that you know. but i just wanted to. mention that cu you know. maybe our oklahoma girl there's some hope for her. you know i found found love all. the way up here in alaska. so anyways i'm just call on. though with some some questions. um i'm getting married this. summer nice uh and i know my opinion. does not matter and i'm okay. with that th% okay with that however. my fiance still wants input. yeah how do i go about. that you know planning for a wedding. that's my question but knowing your your you. know opinion or or input. isn't really going to. be taken seriously i i'm not. offended by it but she still asks. all the time i know. i want to. be involved but it's like her. day she's going to. get what she wants that's my question. guys you're awesome and hello. from alaska man apprciate here's how it goes you. say look i'm 100% happy. to give you my opinion. on options but i'm not. going to generate any ideas. for it because they're just going. to get shot down and why. waste either one of our well he's precious time. so what what you should do. is do pull together your ideas. and then you know as like a sub. whatever of your ideas options. about those ideas and i will pick the things. i'll put my vote forward. but i'm not going to. be generating any ideas. about this stuff nor. do i think i should that should all. be from her and then you get your input. you tell you know you have your voice. heard about the options she provides you with. but i think that he's talking about. when she asks him a question. yeah not necessarily generating ideas. i think she's like like i took it as hey what color. do you want the napkins. this one or this. one yeah that's what it. should be what do you mean. that's what i'm saying because i think bro. cuz women will still be like you'll. be like oh i like this. one they be like nah i'm going. to go with this one. that's crazy well then here's the advice. say okay yeah don't care. if you don't care then what do. you care yeah that's the thing. if you know if you don't care. a and you have no problem. with your voice being drawned out. by hers what's what is even the problem. how to act this. is how you act hey honey you. know i we want the tablecloth but we don't know. if we want this color. or that color what do. you think oh i want that. color and she says oh no actually i think this color. is better you say. oh yeah that color is great. too you finished you finished. it all congrats you're done. i don't know you go. like this i like this. you like this color. i like this oh really. i like this color cool. i'm not marrying you or that. yeah i don't um yeah i don't know. uh i think it's fine. and marriage is less. about you know i think wanting. to you know i mean. you you say oh w give up. g no but you look at your house. and you're like oh how much of this. did i decorate zero. you know and then it's like i don't care. actually yeah i think that's the the the the the dude. it's so good for everybody. and this is a recommendation. to every everyone men and women. and everybody in between okay. the more things you don't care. about in your relationship. the better off your life. and your partner's life will be yeah that is true. so anytime you realize the sneaking suspicion. oh wait a second oh wait. oh i don't give a [ __ ] about this. roll with that stick with that go with that because it's good for both. of you it's good for business. everyone's going to be happier. mhm so stick. with that that that is man. and woman's best friend. yeah it's a dog. but yeah good for business. no man and woman's yeah. right okay after dog it's man. and woman's best friends. so dog's men's best friend. second best friend to. man not caring about the relationship. well no dog is man's. best friend not caring is men. and woman's best friends. different categor not caring. okay so a a best friend. is man how about single man's. best friend is a dog. best friend in a relationship if it's a if you're a guy is not caring about the rel what what. the woman wants in a relationship. and letting it slide taking it so seriously but if you have a dog. in the relationship then the dog. goes to moves to. second right m yeah okay. okay great that's fine. are we done i would say. yeah well you know what honestly. i think we're done with the that. could be it that. could be the last one. that's that is literally the last sub. submission of the year. 2023 oh wow yeah. that that was okay. i will say that's the that. that's not uh for last submission. in 2023 is horrible. it was horrible but guess what it. gives it makes the bar. for next year lower and we're going to. top it you raise. me up you raise. the bar [music] up um josh. groin for some reason. i can't sing it so i'm not. going to try i i to. the tune of you. raise me up i think and sing sometimes to. myself the lyrics you braze my beef no reason. at all we better. not end the year. on that sing you braze my beef and that'll be the end. you you braze my beef see it's good. dude wait you've always thought this for some reason. i just think you braze my beef you braze my beef there. you go see that's a great. note to end are you. kidding me that's tippy top. [ __ ] what do you call those um uh pressure in a beautiful pressure. cooker you bra my beef. i i don't even know. if you're bra beef in a pressure cooker i have no idea nobody knows anything nobody even knows what the word braze means even chefs that's not true yes it is dude. if and if you prove me wrong. right now it's over braise my braise your hand. uh all right well look uh happy. new year tomorrow happy new. year tomorrow and get those tickets. dude uh i will be in albuquerque. and el paso and sacramento. and brea and houston and uh phoenix and all sorts. of places corpus chrisy i'm going. to be in for some reason. uh kona vancouver and go watch grow or die. you know what go to. chris dot com get grow or die. watch it tomorrow watch it on the 1 would be a great way to. start your year that's my new special. um and then come see me. on tour see all new. stuff watch the special and then see all my new stuff. thank you very much and also subscribe. to lifeline luxury yes patreon dot com. back sl is it sl. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. the second best show. in the world first show first. best show in the world being this. show lifeline my pod my solo. podcast the private record is coming out. real soon go to. the private record dot com to. submit yourself as a potential guest. on that show follow us on instagram. tik tok subscribe on youtube. you want to. one1 with me you want. to one1 one11 one1. with me go to. mata dot com book an advice. session now and of course if you want the great. lifeline merch go to. lifeline merch dot com. all good happy new. year we will see you all in 2024. oh yeah you brace my beef. hello hello [music] hello hello hello 