 foreign [music] hey yo what's up. another episode of congratulations. you know uh uh before we even. do the intro thing. that we always do which is just great. it's great to. do the intro thing. we love the intro. we love the song. made by mr green and we love all. that just wanted to. thank you for being here. man very grateful we love we love having you if you're part of this cult because this isn't a podcast. it's a cult and you know. that and we love that. um and we are going to. be you know building. a log cabin at some point. and sharing ideas in the tall. grass so i just appreciate. you you know if you're part. of this channel like and subscribe. it's great and if not dude. if you're just a casual listener you're not. part of the cult that's all. good too my baby. uh but this is another episode. of congratulations congratulations [music] did i drink. too much coffee today yes. i did i did okay. full full bonkers just got it. going on just drank a bunch of coffee. am i coming down yes. that's how i feel like it's happening. i'm coming down it's like uh it's like that. fast relief release coffee uh and i'm just like ch. you know what i mean. i feel to come down and i'm just chilling. because caffeine was not. a whole part of my thing in december. and really january and i'm like you. know i'm taking a little bit of a baby. sips now i'm getting back. involved with the caffeine and and we're we're playing with it. you know we're dancing. we're letting the caffeine. we're taking a sip we'll let the caffeine. dance in my mouth. right and uh and we're seeing you know. this is my second or third. i don't remember honestly. [music] but uh is dancing. around my mouth having a good. time on my tongue uh and that's absolutely disgusting. if you think about it if i said that. in front of my wife. she would go ill but she's not. here in this room she could definitely hear me. outside probably and she probably go. in like this ill but whatever it. doesn't matter um i'm happy. you're here and this is yet. another episode dude we just keep on. having episodes huh that's it. it's not like a tv show. that ends eventually i guess. i'm just gonna keep doing this. podcast forever or what is it. dude you know i don't know i guess i like doing it. i like doing it and you know. it's it's fun it's a fun. thing to do i do. too many podcasts of course. because i'm also on golden arrow. i'm also on lifeline and i'm on this. one too and it's just too many. but i just like doing it. you know and uh i love doing stand. up too i'll be in new uh well. actually this will probably come out. after that i'll be in kansas. city i'll be in tulsa springfield. i will be in minneapolis. and i will be in austin. texas minneapolis crystalia. dot com go to. get tickets don't push me uh and i'm gonna be in midland. wherever the [ __ ] that is don't. know where midland is. but it's in the middle of the land. of texas apparently probably uh it's in texas. and it's called midland so that's it. um yeah man it's been a great. week uh you know. i guess it's been a great. week and you know. there's always ups and downs. and we're just uh we do what we do. my baby let me add it. up um and uh my son just got done. with his nap you know. what's really beautiful is my son. uh got um he has robot it's his birthday. coming up so he got robot. tattoo he wants to. do a robot theme party. and you know kristen is crafty. and she's doing all the things. like she made a cut out she made a whole time. machine and like a rocket ship. and like she's in she's an insane. person in a beautiful way. she just gets like she she does. a lot of stopmotion animation you know. she used to. do a lot of it. and now she just kind of like does. everything for calvin and it's beautiful. and it's beautiful and she's just like got this. machine that prints out robot images and just cutting them. out with an xacto blade and all that and just it's crazy and uh he's got tattoos of robots. on his where do you want. to put it he wanted. to put it here. and here because he wanted to. be like dada and that was just beautiful. and i love being a dad. and it was beautiful. and another thing that he did. was beautiful that i now he does. this thing where he wants. to lay in bed. he wants he says we left. me for a little bit whether it's me. or or kristen or both of. us we lay with me in bed. for a little bit either. we both do or she does. or i do whoever's putting him down. and we say yeah and now it's becoming like a thing. we lay with me for a little bit. so i laid with him. for a little bit i was putting him back. because kristen was already. in bed she goes to. bed a little bit earlier. not because she's eight months. pregnant but i put him in bed. you know calvin's like he's on comic time. dude he stays late. he stays a wiggly whatever. so could lay in bed. for a little bit so i laid. in bed for a little bit. and then i left i gave him a kiss. and good night buddy. and i walked away and as i was walking. out the door he said daddy. i said yeah he said i have a little problem. i said what what's that. buddy and he says i need a kiss and i go. you got it dude. and i went over and i said where and he said on my cheek. and i kissed him on the cheek. and i went uh and i want you know. and i just uh and i went to. bed dude it's the whole thing. is just like they say what's the meaning. of life and i go like this. raising your kids um but then i know it's like some people have kids. and they don't want anything. to do with it and that's really what that. makes me sad so uh but you know. that's not what this. podcast is about we don't talk. about sad things we talk. about happy things um yeah we talk. about happy things what's with everything. getting shot down out of the sky. what's going on there. huh what is it about. i know it's part of it. is the media it just i have trouble. believing and look i do believe joe biden. is a lizard and goes into. the ocean and sheds his skin. but what is the deal because look i told you you know. what letter to the alphabet. i support and i you know. i'm not saying it because i don't want to. get demonetized and flagged but you know. what letter it is it's a circle. with a line through it. that's me dude um what's the deal. with all of a sudden now everything's getting. shot down out of the sky. remember the chinese balloon. that got shot up they left. first of all they left it. up in the air about where was it. above it was above. i can't even remember somewhere. in america they left it. this is how much has happened. things have gotten shot out. of the sky since then i don't remember where the first one. was the first one that they reported. on they left it. up in the sky above. america for like day for like weeks. so i'm like well okay but then all of a sudden. they shot it down. because people were like what's the deal. with this balloon we don't know. what's going on where's it. from and then somebody's like it's a chinese. thing we don't really know. and then they're like okay. we'll shoot it down and then biden. was like ah oh and then shot it. down weeks later so it's like shoot. it down way earlier. if you're gonna shoot it down shoot. it down immediately know what we can't. have balloons from china be doing gathering. intel so if you decide you're gonna shoot it. down shoot it down immediately. before it can gather intel. whoops it's got the intel. spin up for also things like technology. can gather intel immediately. so shoot it down very quickly. i'm talking about get it. going once you see a balloon. shoot it as a matter. of fact we're living in a world. where if you see a birthday. balloon shoot it down because it's just like we can't. be having intel be gathering. our intel is for us. after a chinese five balloon. was shot down february 4th. at least three unidentified objects. have been shot down over. north america okay so this. is what this means many. things have been hovering above. america for a long time. and now it's a thing so here's what i gotta. say i guess doesn't matter they already. got the intel shoot. down whatever you want done. mad at this point the us. military shot down at. least three unidentified flying objects. over the weekend after a chinese. spy balloon that had invaded american. ears anything that invades american airspace shoot it down yeah right there's no people in it cap. it there's no people in it. let my cat talk. to it what up. homie at this point it's unclear. what the objects were their purpose. or who sent them. if it's unclear what the objects. are they're bad right. nobody looks at a pizza box. being delivered and goes huh. because you know there's a pizza in the box. if you see that smiley. amazon thing you're fine it's some towels or like some bulk nail. polish if you see a box. with a bunch of chinese. writing it [ __ ] being delivered in rochester. new york your interest is picked you go. hey the hell is that. what is clear is that the united states. of canada have become hyper vigilant since. the balloon incursion and that. yeah okay so february 4th. the chinese spy balloon. is shot down over. the atlantic ocean k should have done it. sooner whatever an f22 fighter. jet fired a sidewinder airtoair missile to. the balloon okay it was sixty. thousand sixty five thousand feet. which is double the height. of an actual commercial airline. why do i know that. because i'm smart because i fly a lot. i know that 30 000 feet. is the that's where the air. is thin and you can kind of whatever. so if it's 60 000. feet the chinese people be. going way up there um okay. so that's fine february 10th. this is six days after. the chinese a ufo a ufo. is shot down off alaska. on friday a u.s fighter jet. brought down an unidentified object. over the waters of alaska. the object broke into. pieces after being shot down. it was most likely not a balloon. okay well then what the what was. it a drone why. is it stationary okay so it's a balloon. gather and end out the a defense. department official said a white. house official said the object. was the size of a small. car that's too big. all right so whatever it was headed. toward the north pole before maybe santa. was doing some surveillance. oh oh no that's what he did. when i got shut down. so then the next day. dude a ufo is shot down. over canada another f22 fighter downed. another object on saturday. over the yukon territory which is alaska. right yeah uh i know that. because i'm smart okay. so then there we go so then unclear. what the object was. but prime minister justin trudeau canada. said canadian airspace. okay then the next day. oh you have so shut down. ufo how do i keep saying. ufo a uf oh a shutdown. over lake huron which is in michigan. area whatever montana oh first. appeared over montana and then it wound. up in michigan hey dude. don't let these weather balloons or these intel. gathering balloons be traveling they're getting. all sorts of intel. you want to. get an incel over. lake huron not a big deal what. are you going to. get some waves maybe you're going. to get some people from detroit. on vacation okay. but you let it be traveling. so february 13th they say. the objects were not sending signals but did. pose a threat okay. what the third look. the first part i don't care if it's not sending. signals or sending signals it. doesn't matter as long. as it poses a threat. hey if it's pose in. this threat it doesn't matter let me. say it clearly if it's posing a threat it doesn't matter if it's sending signals or not get it. right so then the guy the white. house is saying hey guys one thing's for sure. and we just want to. let you know it's not aliens. so okay they keep going. on and being like so it's not aliens. all right so number one. that quells my fear on. it not being extraterrestrial. but then also you know what's definitely evil. humans gather an intel. that aren't american on our soil. but also what it means more. than that is it's aliens. because that's what you say. when it's aliens i don't. want everyone getting you know. what it is not it's not. aliens oh oh i was lying. now you're this tall because they shrink. you the alien shrunk you. i just like what's the if you're not. just all of a sudden shooting down. four balloons in 10. days and it hasn't been happening. right so what's the deal. but here's the thing the media. is not going to. tell us but here's the thing. nobody's going to tell us. so here's the thing you can't. even do your own research. because we don't know so the media. read it nobody knows so i guess the government is just gonna be doing what it. does and also i mean the chinese. government and also i mean the american. government so it's just gonna be doing what it's doing. and we're just going to. be sitting so you know the people were like i gotta get to. the bottom of this we need to. do our own research we're [ __ ] anyway dude this all goes back. to the thing where it's like you. can't take our guns we need our. guns because what if the government. overthrows and the thing and that and this and that. oh what are you gonna. stop with your measly little ak what are you gonna. stop with your have your go. i am not against guns. right to bear arms okay. cool sounds good i don't give. a [ __ ] but here's the deal though. somebody wants to. come get you they can mow. your house over with a tank. so great so great but all good. i don't know man we're all [ __ ] i guess i start thinking about things like how it's like you know when you think of stuff. like chat cbt you know in the technology. it's just exponential and technology. is just i know it's been a while it's just getting. started dude exponential exponential we're going double it. we're going to double. it we're going to. keep doubling it until the until they kill. me almost but that's fine. but let me look at the up. to you the youtube. almost opened my mouth but let me look up. in the youtube dude. see that's me in this. podcast i let you guys understand. the real me i doublet and a doublet and i almost rip. up my mouth let me. let me see if i can pull up this. tupac quote double it. until they kill me. tupac um of course the music's. come up interview is. this it is it we love a. tupac interview well. play well absolutely play please. well play please oh this. whole thing is like 30. minutes long great that means. with a big slice okay. so good i need to. dress like that i'm not even. [ __ ] around dude dude we're a a what do. you call it a a leather. vest and a beanie and nothing. under the leather vest. is just the absolute illest outfit. and i gotta start doing it. dude this is a test remember when they do that. i gotta start doing it. and i will frankly. i got beanies already. i got beanies i. bought them already i bought some carhartt. beanies here i'm putting this. video on this thing so you can have it. tupac it's right there um i got beanies. from carhartt that's it. dude that's fine i got them. i got a bunch of different. colors you know how i do it when i get one thing i got all the different colors and i'm gonna wear them you know and that's how i'm gonna be and i don't want any kickback dude uh because every time i wear something someone's like dude you i swear to. god i could put on a tshirt. with a cat on it. you know a year ago. you would have said if you wore. a tshirt with the cat. on it you would have flamed. them if you're not growing. you're dying that's what i say. baby um but yeah dude. stop shooting stuff down off the sky is what i'm saying. but what was i saying about doubling it. until like keep doubling it. until it kill me i don't remember hey guys let's take a break. from the show i want to. talk to you about ship. station uh listen it's great. first of all it's great that's me. crystallia saying it in a landscape. we're free and fast. shipping is the norm it can be hard. for smaller ecommerce businesses to. compete keep yourself competitive with ship station. when you use ship station. you can lower shipping costs. make returns easy and keep your customers happy. and that's the name of the game. with all the time you save. from uh automating uh automating your shipping tasks. you can keep your business. growing all year long. running merch for me uh it can be stressful obviously it's it's a whole. big deal having ship station. uh in our corner makes several aspects of that. a whole lot easier um i love. ship station uh it just makes it easy. to grow your business. by handing uh they handle your orders um from every platform in one. place shipstation effortlessly integrates everywhere you sell online. including amazon etsy ebay shopify and all of those more than that uh with enterprise solutions that make warehouse optimization easy. ship station scales uh when you do with the best. discounts in the industry the best. discounts in the industry you'll never worry about. overpaying for shipping get up. to 84 off usps and ups rates. that's 84 84 percent uh and if that's not enough use my promo code to. try shipstation for free for two. months over 130 000 companies have grown their ecommerce businesses with ship. station uh that's a lot. and 98 of companies that stick. with ship station for a year. become customers for life so you do the math. keep growing your business. all year long with ship. station use promo code. congrats today at shipstation dot com to. sign up for your free. 60day trial that's shipstation. dot com promo code. congrats thanks crazy crazy but uh i wanted to. uh i wanted to talk. about the uh dude. you know what's crazy is. this um what do you call. it the uh the flash. movie splitting everybody dude flash comes up. dc all this stuff. happened with ezra miller. right alleged i have. no idea but you know. they arrested him for kidnapping and grooming. and you know uh uh uh abuse and and and uh burglary. and like everything [ __ ] in someone's front yard. like just crazy like jaywalk. like the gun for everything. and dc goes like this. because they just shot the flash. and dc goes like this. uh well let's uh let's see uh let's play. let's play it out they wait. a few months they do. reshoots with him so they're like well. they're dublin done okay and people like they're really should drop the trailer. in the super bowl now people are like hell yeah. i can't wait you know. all the people in like the foreign. places are like hell yeah. i can't wait for this. movie and then there's the the woke people in america. that are like what what they i will. not support the you know. and it's like okay but then i go like whoa. dude they're just gonna put this out. there and that's hundreds of other people. worked on this movie let the movie come out. you know how i feel obviously about it. because also i got cut out of some [ __ ] and it was a zack snyder thing. and zack snyder runs. dc and he's they're just letting this. ezra miller thing come out dude. was arrested and i'm just like oh really it's about money. dude us about money. though so anytime you know i hear i see you know this was years. ago zack snyder in an interview oh yeah. well for the humanity the right. thing to do is. recast the thing oh what's up dude. and i don't know what's true. or what's not true. with this with this guy ezra but it's like oh so you don't actually. care it's all about the so it's like huh. so it's not about it's just not. really about humanity it's about. oh ha okay all good just so as we know right just so as we know it's like you know capitalism. always wins dude you don't have. to like dude you don't have to. come out it's so crazy. when people because some people get cut out a movie some people don't it. depends at all you know. people got recast and we got recasting. something recently because there's something. somebody come out saying something. about i can't remember what the [ __ ] it was but it was like that. the whole thing with cancer. culture it's like people only get mad when they think that they can do something and and they can change it if they don't then they won't or they might but it's on deaf ears. and whatever that's all i'll say about that. but it's just [ __ ] crazy dude people are like yeah dude people are just like so mad at ezra which i don't know. it's i don't know if it's true. or not i have no [ __ ] idea but then it's like the flash. though and then oh but then michael keaton still batman. okay well [ __ ] it dude because you know what i mean. and this is why because because dc but also warner brothers. but you know what i mean. but like yeah and we know. it was there was a bunch of accusations. and he kidnapped someone. but but uh you know. what i mean so go [ __ ] yourself all he is yes and no all he is i don't [ __ ] care anymore. so it's like i want to. do you know what these [ __ ] i swear to. god the chat gpd things it. is taking it over bro. i think technology has just started. we're not gonna need actors we're not gonna need we're not gonna need actors we're not going. to need actors i guess if you give someone's like this. like you tom hanks will it. by the time tom hanks dies. we won't need him. anymore you understand he's not he's not gonna die. in the next you know. 10 years but like by the time. he dies we won't need him. anymore we can still have tom hanks in movies. and the tomax will still be in movies. because they will just still make tom hanks. in a movie with ai. and chat gpt and all this. [ __ ] and you could do like [ __ ] philadelphia too or like philadelphia beyond the grave whatever the [ __ ] you want to. call it but it's like you can do what. do you call it uh uh uh uh bridge. of spies part two was he in that. was he in that paul rudd's in that. too it doesn't matter. it doesn't matter actors are done. novelists done chat gpt is already killing. it you see log lines. at our rights go put a chat. chibi t and say. uh write me a tom cruise. uh log line for the new mission. impossible movie boom that's it guess what it'll be at least just as good as a log line to. another um that already exists. so we're [ __ ] dude job wise. people who graphic designers drivers of cars. [ __ ] captains of boats. and [ __ ] doctors we're [ __ ] 12 years away of somebody releasing. a bunch of [ __ ] work ants inside a chest and and and not only they don't [ __ ] replacing a heart. rebuilding a bad one. doc see oh but we need the doctor to. inject it yeah for a little bit until we make the things smart. enough to just be the room. where it the whole robot. is the room and then that's and the injections and then it pumps. the little army ants into. the thing and they were you don't need this. [ __ ] you don't need a doctor done the only profession that will be necessary. is standup comedian [music] and why. be because humor is very intricate. and subtle and yeah you could make a robot. that does jokes i get it. the chat gpd that that. we do sometimes on this. podcast it's like okay um when i talk about it. in my way it does. sound kind of stupid and i do think about like well what the [ __ ] that is basically what i said in this podcast but you need that [ __ ] dude you need me we'll see we'll see by the time we'll see though dude i can't wait till the first standup. comedian chat gpt ai guy comes. out i can't wait to. see it i can't wait to. see how bad it. is you know it'll be it'll be better. than a ben stiller movie. a hundred percent but i don't mean. to [ __ ] you know smash on ben stiller i do hear he's a [ __ ] but i don't mean to. smash on him but i'm just saying. let's do a chat. gbt joke right now. this is a tom cruise. one you just did it. tom cruise and what just tom cruise. you just put tom cruise. in it as a joke. is this a joke. thing for me write a joke. about tom cruise oh. so ivan gets rid of rodin. write a joke about tom cruise. in the style of crystallia. that's what he wrote. and here it is you know. it's crazy now i did not. write this chat gpd wrote. this now this is what i'm gonna. do read it and i'm gonna try to. i have not read this. yet i'm going to. try to do it. as much like me as i possibly. can first read you know. what's crazy tom cruise. runs in every movie he's in like what what is the deal. with that it's like what yeah you. can't just walk or take a taxi. but no he's gotta run. everywhere he's like the forest gump. of action movies i mean. have you seen the mission. impossible movies that guy is sprinting all over the place it's like calm down tom this is not a marathon but you know what maybe it is a marathon maybe it is the tom cruise neverending running challenge and the prize being in more movies i guess i don't know man guys got energy dude what that i don't need to. you know what actually scratch. that i don't need to. do this podcast anymore. that i i am actually going. to do a whole podcast. of just chat gpt and it's going. to be an hour. of that not now but in the future. this is unbelievable you know. what this chat gpt is doing for me. making me realize stuff about tom cruise. and mission impossible you know the only thing. i would rewrite is tom cruise. neverending running challenge and the prize. running in more movies would be funnier. than being in more movies. this is crazy it's like a hamster. wheel of the [ __ ] wow now i'm just being chat gpd. basically how the [ __ ] do they know what i would do this is insane. this is about artificial. intelligence jokes about what in. my style of crystallia or i haven't get rid of just the artificial. intelligence my style chrisley style of joking. here we go i did. not write this artificial. intelligence huh what a scam. it's like every time i hear about. it i'm like where's the real. intelligence i mean we've got robots. that can play chess and answer. trivia questions but they still can't fold laundry. or make a sandwich it's like come. on ai step up your game. but you know what maybe we're asking too. much maybe ai is just like us. trying to figure out life. and find his purpose. maybe one day robots will run the world. and be like remember when we thought we were just playing chess oh man. how silly we were but until then i'll just stick. to using it to. play video games and have conversation. with random strangers online. that's the ai revolution okay. so what that was what it. was so this is terrifying. because also not only is it. getting me nail on the head. this is crystal style humor it's also secretly telling us what it's doing. ai through me in my mind. [ __ ] this is [ __ ] how does it know i guess it just took my stand up into. a database and or my podcast. and now this is what it's saying. it's secretly telling us what it's going. to do ai it's secretly telling us. where's the real intelligence they can't. make a fan that is. true though that is true actually why do the robots. not make sandwiches for us. yet why isn't it folding up. we have to get like a [ __ ] a nanny. why do we have to. get a cleaning lady to. fold our laundry because they know. the ai knows if they were robots. doing stuff in our houses yet. because there could be right. but if there were if they ai made this [ __ ] then what they could do that seems threatening here's another one about ufos humor and socrates. leah all right here we go. ufos man what's the deal. by the way i wanna i want credit. with how good i am on. these first reads okay ufos man. what is the deal why does. everyone say what's the deal. this is like a [ __ ] seinfeld thing like that this is just the what do i do yeah. i do i say that. i'm a hack all right. ufos man what's the deal. with those things it's like every time i hear about a sighting i'm like really aliens. i mean i want to. believe i really do but it's so hard. with all the fake videos and the photos out. there it's like who do we believe the government the conspiracy. theorists the people who claim they've been abducted. it's like who do we trust. but you know what maybe that's the point. maybe the aliens are just. messing with us playing a cosmic. game of cat and mouse and maybe one day they'll land. their ships on the white house. lawn and be like surprise we've been watching. it this whole time and we'll be like oh my god and then the probably try. to enslave us or something but hey at least. we'll finally have proof of extraterrestrial. life so you know there's that i added. you know but i was that i okay. let's this is making me. feel bad about my comedy. honestly and i know i said that. already before that but this is unbelievable. that oh wait you know. what we should do is do a do a bill. burr one do it in the style of bill burr. and i'll do it i'll do it. like bill burr um chat. gpt uh i don't know what would. pick something what tom cruise for bill. barrow okay cool sounds good. this is tom cruise with. the humor of bill. burr uh and then put it on here and then we'll see what's going on here this is absolutely insane. to me that chat. gpt can do this but how about the thing that what was the thing. called the the seinfeld thing. that they made the loop. and then it got canceled. what was it called. nothing forever you heard about this. nothing for everything on twitch. it was basically a uh a um ai of seinfeld. episodes that would just feed. off each other and then it would keep adding to. itself and it was going. on and on on twitch. and it was like it. was just basically this chat. gbt thing and then all. of a sudden it made a trans. joke and then it got canceled. a robot got canceled. ai got canceled it didn't. even know what it was doing. it's not even ai yet. really it's just uh like an algorithm. talk about and then they go oh we gotta cancel a robot. has been canceled you understand. here we go here we go. this is this is bill. burr tom cruise in the chat. gpt in the humor style. of bill burr here we go. tom cruise what's up. with this guy i mean he's got more energy than a fiveyearold on. the sugar high he it's like does. he ever stop does he ever. take a break does he ever. sit down and watch a movie or read. a book or something no he's always running. and jumping and fighting it's like come. on man slow down. you're making the rest of us. look bad but you know. what maybe that's the secret to. his success maybe he's got some kind of superhero. ability maybe he's got some kind of alien blood or something i don't know man. all i know is i can't. keep up with this. guy he's like a human. energizer bunny he just keeps going. and going and going well imagine that's what. he did on paper tiger people would just be like um maybe that. means he's a good comedian. because his isn't funny and mine. is [ __ ] ai [ __ ] they are yeah they are they're very similar there's no difference if i just did that in my voice it would be wow this is unbelievable okay well look we're all [ __ ] i don't know what to. do anymore um is what it. is is what it is you know. i just think it's crazy. that uh you know. what's everything's kind of becoming the same. like i i look at this. uh super bowl i know i talked about it. already the super bowl but like when i look at super bowl and the people who were there like the the the celebs at the game. it's like such a celebrity. thing it makes me not want. to go you know. there's you know there's that. whole thing where like look. social media is absolutely. awful for us and we know. that and i wouldn't be on it. if i wasn't a comedian. but um it's like the the you compare yourself. to these people online. that obviously it's not even. how they live life. like you know you go to. somebody's instagram kyle kardashian kylie whatever kyrie what's her name kyrie irving kardashian and um and you see all the the moments where her of her big butt and like with tyga or whatever she's dating what the [ __ ] a guy's name travis scott and uh kyrie irving kardashian is dating tiger scott and so basically you see her in a limo you see her wait you know what's thinking who the [ __ ] it's limos anymore. there's no limos anymore. right i was talking about this. with one of my buddies. they're just done you just get uber escalades if you want. to be balling right. i gotta bring the limo. back dude didn't that long stretchy. thing right the only i was talking about this. let's talk about this was i talk. about this at golden hour. i don't know the only person. who gets limos is if you arrive in vegas. and they want to. treat you nice right. what dork rolls up in. a limo now it's way. cooler to arrive in for real. uh hyundai elantra and an uber guys. driving and i don't sit in the front. seat i sit in the back. i don't care i don't. care my buddy brent morin's got that. joke where it looks like two. friends and one and then they got in a fight but i don't i i go. in the back dude i'm not sitting in the front of your uber. and here's why because i don't want to. have this moment i i don't you. can't see me i'm the back. i'm in the back you. can't see me i only want. you if i'm in your car and i've never met. you i only want you to. be able to. see me if you're using a mirror. that's it oh yeah that's the combo. okay well that's cool that's it. so uh uh social media. is toxic couldn't think of the word. social media great um social media. is toxic you know. you look at just take me. people think i'm a raging. [ __ ] because of the stuff i talk about on my podcast. i'm activated i'm online. i'm on the i'm you know. i post a real of me. bitching about the food in my rehab. or you know talking about [ __ ] about rihanna whatever it is you know making a joke. being silly but you know i i get it. i'm biting and [ __ ] and people just think i'm an [ __ ] this is a 60 second clip. online that i'm posting or you know however. long it is and people go. [ __ ] this guy they don't know that after that after i do my podcast i go i cuddle. with my child i kiss my wife. we watch something really nice on. tv like a bug's life. we watched it the other day. by the way bug's life. does not hold up okay. they don't even know this. was pixar it was 1998. it came out they didn't even. know that they had to. make the characters look different. they all look the same. it's really really it's depressing. my son was having a blast watching. it and i couldn't turn it off. even though it was kind of depressing. it doesn't hold up. but my son was just like loving. it anyway i digress. but what i'm saying is you don't get to. see those tender moments you. don't get to. see the real person moments. you just see what i put on instagram. or whatever it is tick. tock me yelling about. a [ __ ] dry cleaning service or whatever happened and i seem activated. and so you think that guy's a [ __ ] or you think that guy's got it made because i took a picture in my [ __ ] car with the bloody guts. oops and yeah i stack gaper but do you know. what's going on in my metal. but that's fine i don't mean. to make this about me. but my point is what the [ __ ] did rihanna do after that halftime show she looks like she's got it man. she killed it she's [ __ ] four and a half. five months pregnant whatever. it is she killed it. what she do afterwards. she probably went into. the bathroom and [ __ ] threw up because she's too pregnant. or whatever it is dude. people go through what they go. through my point is kyrie kardashian and uh tiger scott they got their [ __ ] going on and it's toxic because you have a representation. of who they are and then not only that you see. the good moments of their lives and then you think your life. sucks because you don't have those. good moments of those like in the meantime. you're posting your cool pictures. in wherever the hell you. are with nice filters. and looking cool you got your new fendi. bag and you're showing it. off at the grand canyon. but you're crying over. a breakup and you're not doing it. there the picture so my point. is yeah it's very toxic. i don't even know what [ __ ] point. i was trying to. make there but oh you see these celebs. at the super bowl and they're having a good time. you look at diplo. you look at you know. whoever look i got a whole thing. here of the people all the celebs at the you know. jayz's there you know you had uh gordon ramsay. on the field being a dick. to people or whatever it is. you got quest love. with uh adam blackstone i don't know who it. is cara de levine cara de. levine with the rihanna shirt cool. jordan sparks which yeah. uh you know look at these different. people uh bradley cooper you know. it's i don't know everyone it's like and then you look and you like and i know you secretly think like ah. [ __ ] i want to. be there i get it. and you know me. i don't want to. be there anyway because it's got a bunch of anytime a bunch of people are somewhere i kind of don't want to. be there unless they're all staring at. me and it's my show see. good testicle but all good but the point. is um tracy morgan look at that. in with the booth. in the front of the thing. he's rich as [ __ ] huh. because he got hit by. a thing walmart truck but how rich do you have to. be for real to. just be on the field. and not be like gordon ramsay. just straight up they go. they go how much for tickets. and they go they say ah it's like uh you know seventy thousand. dollars for a bad seat. and he's like uh what about. i feel like i'm gonna be on a field. and they're like it's actually priceless. and he says i'll have that much elon musk. on the field right here he is. on a field the people. on the field just priceless. i have that much who are some of these people. actor paul walter hauser who's that. this is where i'm going. i'm scrolling pretty far so oh twitter founder. yeah why yeah well he's got some money. huh jayz okay baby. face oh tiffany i just love her. dude um so it's like i don't i don't want to. be there you catch me. at a starstudded event. just know if you see a picture. of me there and i'm i'm i try. to be a positive person i'm hey i'll smile catch me behind my face. though dude i'm hating it. dude i do not want to. do it i don't want to. be there and the whole goal. is to get there. and be a part of the show. but it's not fun dude. man it's really not fun. you get caught up in it. in hollywood you get caught. up in it like i was like yeah. i want to. do movies and i want to. do another movie and then this movie will help. me do another thing you get bigger. i don't want to. i don't want to. get bigger i just want to. have my fans i want to. rock with you [ __ ] i want to. talk on this podcast. i want to. be with my family that's it. dude do i want to. go to the soft. opening of some no yeah but nah you know. who's gonna be there who this. new upandcoming rapper and a guy who cooks food. on tv nah i'm good. yeah but it might help. you i don't that's okay. gq's gonna be there and. so it doesn't matter is calvin gonna be there. no i'm good my wife. she gonna be there still want. to go i'm good she could go. to bed at 9 30. p.m because she's pregnant and i'll just watch bad. movie i'll just watch you know what i'll watch. i'll watch the last 10. movies bruce willis made that's what. i'll watch the movies that they forced him. to be in he didn't even know where he was that's the movies. i'll watch gasoline alley or something. it's called right it'll be him. and the guy from [ __ ] um what's that. movie uh final destination that's what. it's called gasoline alley. you think i'm wrong i'm not uh bruce willis. and the guy from final destination. in a movie called gasoline. alley that's the movie. i'll watch when my wife goes to. bed early rather than hang out. with [ __ ] baby face and uh dr drew who by the way i love dr drew and i'm sure babyface is a nice guy. time to change your name. though huh like i mean i'm in dude. i mean no i'm in home. because i was at one. time i was out in a vet at an event. i can't remember what the hell. it was but it was like you should go. and i was like all right. i'll go and then uh i you know i used to. follow this she's a good actress. i think she's good man. nikki whalen i think she's a [ __ ] good actress and i was like oh she's [ __ ] cool and you know this is years ago. she would say oh you're so funny. i'm like oh yeah that's [ __ ] cool. whatever she had a boyfriend. you know i tried to. hang out with her like [ __ ] nine years ago. and then uh and then she was like uh she always would write. like haha or something i was like she's not interested. or whatever it was all. good and then uh i saw her. at an event and i was like ah [ __ ] hey what's up how you doing and i go to. like give her a hug. and she goes okay and she was so weird. about it and i was like ah [ __ ] all right. okay we're not people i'm done. then i'm done then i'm out i'm out. i'm not coming to. these [ __ ] gq parties and [ __ ] you gotta stand next. to a [ __ ] sweaty guy that was like that's in [ __ ] what's that show modern family. and uh and josh peck and by. the way i love josh. peck but it's like what am. i doing here i went. to one and i was with aaron. paul all night and then i got pink. eye the next day i'm texting aaron paul do you have pink. eye no like what is hollywood. so weird it's such a rat race. once you get unhooked from the matrix. once you get unhooked and you realize oh i'm just a guy who [ __ ] speaks to. my fans i'm by the way i love you. [ __ ] and i don't even like the word fans. i get it i know. you are but also your people and this is why. i say it's a cult. dude we got to. get in that tall grass. and build that [ __ ] log cabin and a guy with a podcast. that's what's up dude. gunit that's what's up can't say. that the do the n word. in the middle but so the calm down of the coffee. is real but i'm just saying it's a rat race. it's always about getting the next. one right everything in life. is always about getting the next. one it's so hard. to be so happy. and centered and happy. with what you already have it. seems like people with long. beards are happier but it's like because you just kind of gave up. and you're like this is my beard. though what am i gonna do. do guys with beards. get invited can i go. like this you know. ah like and subscribe to. the channel by the way we love it. we love it and leave a comment. for the algorithm you know. i don't know if this is a patreon. episode or not but if it's not leave leave a comment for the algorithm. you know and share with your friends. dude how the [ __ ] are we supposed. to grow this i heard that. jerry oh wait no not jared. leto who's the guy. that is it jared. no jared leto had a cult. and he invited people to. his cult but there was another guy. recently that had a cult. that was like ayah uh what was it. i don't know what it was. i can't remember some some guy. had a was trying to. have a cult and uh he invited. people no who is it. jared leto no it was somebody else i don't know whatever. what yeah celebrity who cares. i need to have a movie. i need to have my own. um hollywood that's why i say i want. to get into bollywood. let's take a break for a second. here i gotta go to. the bathroom now let's do some [ __ ] misconnections and these are only back because mgk asked me. to put him back. so you could thank him. for that go on his instagram. and say thanks for kristalia. bringing back misconnections this. one's called oozing out. gross already but let's see if it. gets grosser my guess is it. will i have pipes. that need to. be cleaned two weeks of build. up are ready to. come oozing out assistance. please not a sit like i need assistance. from you like assistance like i need a few people to. come help assist me with that. and i don't know if he meant. to write assistance like i need some assistance but i like it. way better if he's like please. only apply if you're an assistant if you're if you're up. to being an assistant do not. contact me with unsolicited services. or offers that's amazing. great here's another one. anyone looking for dot dot dot and in the body. of of the [ __ ] post it says head with a question mark first of all i love it when the title has more words than the body it's so disrespectful and lazy anyone he didn't write anyone dot dot dot and then the body looking for head he wrote anyone looking for dot dot dot oh what's this guy looking for you check the body head and you go whoa actually yes because it was not do not contact me on solicited services officers that means that you better. just be looking for ahead. if that's what you're that's great. dude i love how it's not kg at. all how come some of these people. are like man need a plumber. to come by to. see what's going on my pipes. there might be some kind of thing. maybe some guys who work at the on. a boat like some semen. can come like and it's like so like oh what is he talking. about but we know what. he's talking about but then some guy's just like hey honestly. come from the dot dot dot s all. right bleep that out we're gonna get demonetized. but here's another one. you look you looked good to. me and this is the the poetry this. is a poem i guess. i don't know maybe it's written. in the haiku form not. haiku because it's way. longer about poetry form this. is what it says after. that you looked good to. me even with your insecurities. written by a japanese guy that has known english. for four years so look it's called. you look good to. me and it this. is the first time you looked good. to me even with your insecurities. then another line you looked good. to me then another line. you looked good to. me oh that guy's such a [ __ ] first year poet. writer dude you look good. to me with your insecurities. you look good to. me you looked good to. me dude you know what it. is it's like the [ __ ] uh so i married. an ax murderer you look. good to me even. with your insecurities so you look at me. that you look at me. you looked good to. me you looked good to. me if you'd taken time to. see if you'd taken the time. to ask you were so busy. looking at this is a [ __ ] bryan. adams song you were so busy if you're taking the time. to see if you're taking the time. to ask you were so busy. looking at them titties no. i don't know what he's gonna. say but you were so busy looking at them. while i was right. there looking at you well. this is brian adamson this was. the this is basically the song. from robin hood with [ __ ] kevin costner while i was right. there looking at you you looked good. to me if you'd taken the time to. see again you looked. good to me even. with your insecurities i'm sorry. i was never good enough. for you to see me. so [ __ ] atrocious this is the worst poem i've ever heard in my life. this is a brian at what what is. the [ __ ] what's the [ __ ] chemical we gotta play a little bit of it maybe we can't play it oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah everything i do oh i'm gonna do it for you but i die. boy dude when i heard that. song as a little kid. i go like this oh there. will not be a song better. than this one dude. when i was nine and i heard that song. a nineyearold hearing bryan. adams just screaming. that [ __ ] [ __ ] out on a rock to. the ocean i go as a nineyearold. i go like this oh well that's actually really sad. because i'll never hear another. song better than this. in my nineyearold brain that's what i thought dude. and then honestly life as a highway came along. and i go oh never mind. and that's the second podcast. in a row i have mentioned life. in the life is a highway so you're welcome. and also know the podcast. will do that and we talk. about the hardhitting issues. and you know it's like what do. you what else do you want. for me so here's another one. pornhub actress needed santa. barbara by living in santa barbara and doing poor you must be rolling in it you don't need anything she's like you'd have all your [ __ ] together here we go hello exclamation point looking for a female modeling partner or s partner or partners if this speaks your interest please feel free to. respond must be clean with recent. proof and a face picture. it's a great opportunity. and foot in the door. to be noticed in the adult. industry series serious inquiries only please. thank you hope you have a good. day and hope to. hear from you looking as long. as this is up. dude this is the thing about like this. is the shady you're gonna. get murdered if you do. this you're going to. get straight up murdered this. is a murderer doing this. it's this is one. of those posts where you look. and i actually read because i read a lot. of these and i go oh you know. what this actually seems legit. the second you think something seems legit. on [ __ ] craigslist you signed your death. certificate you're dead the most shittiest. thing i ever did on craigslist. is i went to. go pick up an xbox. when it first came out the first xbox. ever i got it in an alleyway i handed. the guy [ __ ] hundred dollar bills and i went home. i played call of duty. for nine years and i will tell you dude. it was the shittiest thing. i did i went with another. guy if i didn't go with another. guy there would be no crystalia. foreign but i went with another guy. that xbox never got that. red ring of death it. was always working so anyway. dude thank you very. much that's the episode for this. evening or this morning. or whatever it is dude. uh kansas city minneapolis austin. texas i will be there. chrisley dot com oh well that's the episode. uh for youtube if you want to. catch the rest of the episode. the uncut episode the uh on with no. ads no nothing just a raw unedited thing. just go to patreon. dot com crystallia and you'll get every episode. and it's entirely with nothing. cut no ads and you will also get all of the backlog episodes. of congratulations there's like 22 23. now it's worth it and it's only six bucks. patreon dot com crystalia thanks. foreign [music] 