 [music] lifeline is an advice show. for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or a licensed professional. [music] like a heifer to. the slouch we starting did. did we started all right. [ __ ] he goes he goes we're recording. so [ __ ] chilling so what are we gonna do dude well it's [ __ ] lifeline episode 19. actually this is the first time i really don't know there we go see we're getting up there 19. 19 dude 19. uh so that's it. and we're we're doing it. and you've got your blue. chips hat on and christian. leighton was in blue chips. and so was shaquille o'neal. you know what else i got this. shirt it's not a shirt that's a rag which is that's a wrap. a bit falling apart. but check it out. i'm retiring it today oh. this is it for this. show the last time. i'm ever gonna wear it for obvious. reasons should have definitely retired. it way way earlier than that. it looks like you got in fight. with many many bobcats. you can see my tattoos yeah okay well it's all. good uh that's a horrible. [ __ ] shirt uh what was it less um was it less in the in the pool was it was it less uh ripped earlier oh yeah well no i didn't buy it like this but i mean it looks so perfectly. ripped like it's so weird. there's just like holes in. it so it had small holes. all over but you know when you put on a shirt. with small holes. in it you put your arm. in too fast the worst. type of the worst time. you rip it out. yeah you put the look at the hole. in the middle i'd like to. talk to you about shirts. oh wow crazy so you know. what it looks like you have turned you kind of turned. you went to turn into. the hulk and then kind of gave up. halfway yeah that sounds about right. for me and my personality. actually um so yeah so we're downtown we're coming to. you live from downtown los angeles. at our lifeline studio at our supercode studios we are doing the show. lifeline and i brought my son. down here with me. and he's chilling in. the studio so it's very cool. so if you hear some stuff like in the back. that's calvin okay i hear. it now yeah but they won't but he's he's drawing. um he's drawing uh daddy. pig what's that what daddy pig. yeah he's drawing daddy pig. okay so peppa pig is. a is a cartoon and daddy pig. is the dad in the cartoon and that's his favorite. one in peppa pig. style he does love peppa. pig i knew yeah oh there's the video right there. it is we'll show it. maybe we'll put it up. uh at the end of the show. give it to. me uh give it to. me i'll show you give it to. me give me that funk. that sweet that nasty. that gushy stuff the [ __ ] nope so that was so bad. nope so this is what. calvin did dude [music]. this going to be on the internet. he's good at it oh. okay he he take it back. he did daddy pig um. george georgie pig that's peppa. pig and that's mama pig. you know how many drawings. i've seen that are better. than this yeah but dude. he's two and a half. okay i'm just saying it's really. good for two and a half. you don't need to. drudge it on a sliding. scale just for a sake of the art. this is bad no it's good. it's abstract he does abstract [ __ ] all right. so what about my hat. i bought this at a seven. o'clock a video game hat. a hat that just dude. there is not a hat. that somebody who doesn't speak english. would wear more than that. i mean i love it. because i'm a mr. adventurer they when you when you went. to purchase it at the gas. station they looked at you. and they and they literally thought but you're not mexican. like that's what they thought. well they could think i'm mexican. first of all i don't look i don't look unmexican are you unmexican. dude do you know what you know. you know what you're either. a mexican or a mexican. in [ __ ] johnny what's that. movie uh what is it. before the devil knows you're mexico. once upon a time in mexico. no no neither one of them. i mean the worst titles. of all time uh once the devil. knows you're mexico you're the mexican. american it's the [ __ ] robert rodriguez followup to. desperado what's it called. something something mexico. i was right yeah you didn't say. once upon a time i did no he didn't what. did he say i said that. second i said uh uh before the devil. knows you're me yeah he did. not before the devil. knows your mexico then i said once. upon a time in mexico. a guy who says before. the devil knows where mexico. would get that hat because they don't speak english. yeah well i'm wearing it. so anyway do that so it's all good. um so anyway dude. i mean retiring. this shirt just don't even. wear a shirt you know so what are you. gonna do with that shirt. afterwards wash your car it's gonna be a rag you know burn it. ceremoniously i would say though. you probably don't wash your car. because that the guy who wears a shirt. like that doesn't keep his car. clean also i i definitely do not. wash my car there we go. and i'm a detective. baby oh [ __ ] he figured it out yeah or you need to. crack just do that talk to. what or you just knew. that about me ruin it. i also seem like a detective. dude too many hats. too many water bottles. all good dude you gotta have backups. back up hats if you don't like the way. one hat's looking on. you feeling on you you gotta you got it. in rotation you got another hat. if you don't like the way. this is a song calvin. would listen to. you if you don't like the way. one hat looks you put on another hat. if you don't like the way. it feels such a bad song. tony bennett after he lost. his mind tony bennett with dementia. such a bad song if you don't. like one hat put on another if you don't like the way one feels okay you might like the way the other one feels wow forgot the words. well that's what tony bennett. does okay uh you want to. get right into. it dude whatever you want. yeah let's do it let's get into. some [ __ ] advices dude this is lifeline you're either a mexican or likes a kent okay uh before the devil. knows you're mexico so bad. and so uh so that's what's up. so all right so and then also i'm gonna be in dallas. dude this is let's do this. last like one of the last times. i'm going to say. this before i'm in dallas. i don't believe that uh i'm going. to be in dallas. i'm going to be in wichita. and i'm going to. be in atlanta and washington d.c and savannah. georgia go to. crystalia dot com to. get tickets and that's to. see your boy live live. in the flesh and uh you'll see me. and i might not see you unless you're in the first. two rows because it's shiny and that's why. we were on travis scott's. side let's get into. it wow hey matt hey chris i have a question. for you um i'm a golf. coach over the summer um for. a kid's camp and i'm paired with a head golf. pro and he's super nice he's like my dad's age. like super friendly but he's been doing. some things i don't know. if he's like trying to. flirt with me like just a good. guy he'll like buy me. lunch we'll like split it talk about golf. he bought me like two. really expensive like golf. clubs to like improve my game. he's been wanting to. do like private lessons with me. which like i need to. work on my golf. game and also this sunday he invited. me to go golfing with him. and a client and then he invited. me for drinks after so i don't know if he's just being like a friendly. nice guy or if like he is. like trying to flirt thanks. let me know what you guys. think hey quick question where's your brain. dude it's a sign 40 signs. but she's doing the ones. that when she says hey are you doing. this he can say no no no which which i don't like now. [ __ ] it's gonna be given signs. be more overt and obvious. don't do the ones where you can. be like i was just being like [ __ ] yeah whoa i don't like that [ __ ] yeah either i don't like that either that's the worst kind of guy dude. yeah but but also if you do do be our overtly hopefully. you're not famous because that. can come bite you in the ass. snaper so anyway what you do. is so what you do. is you realize now immediately that. we're telling you it's a sign. ah jesus it's a sign. he's definitely dude this. is the question if he was doing this. if he was doing this with a dude. would it be gay. um no not well whatever necessarily not. not but you would definitely think is this. guy gay no because it's like the age. factor makes me think it could be like a mentor mentee thing. i'm not trying to. defend the guy but it doesn't sound. like anything he's doing is like across any kind of line. it's not it's not but it's not. it's not but he's like he's like you know. she's like well you know. what he bought me two really expensive. golf clubs you know. he took me to. a client with golf. and then he took me out to. drinks afterwards i just don't know you know he went back. to his apartment i'm just not sure. he hit some candles when i was walked in the candles were all lit. i'm just not sure if and then when i was laying down. in his bed and he entered me i just don't know. he thrust it a few. times and i'm just like kind of like is this. like work he proposed he had a ring and he proposed you know. i have i'm pregnant i'm big. with a child that's what they said. in the tutors i'm watching the tudors. and the dad said to. amber lynn when you're big with childhood. so rude such a rude. ass way to put it. said your daughter dude. you know when you're big with child. it's it's it's common for the man. to look elsewhere that's what he said. well big with child dude so misogynist. dude big you're big with child. yeah you're just big you might as well. say fat at that point. yeah big is actually ruder than. fat yeah yeah when you're fat. with child when you are plump. with child when you are [ __ ] look like you can roll down a hill. with child wow you know the worst. idea when pregnant when what i don't. like is when people write those shows. the tutors yeah when they don't they didn't live. back then and they're just kind of guessing. what they sounded like you know. that there's ways to. research it kind of but you don't really know. like like i sort of got one. on one show the tutor jonathan. rhys meyer said come on man he did yeah i'm not [ __ ] well that's not that seems like a s and then they say stuff like i mean um and it's like did they say i mean come on what they say i mean did they like dot dot oh yeah what they said i mean and then come on man i mean come on i mean come on man what are you talking about in one time and one time the [ __ ] ambulance. dad she goes i'm pregnant. and he says it's lit. [music] what's amber lin ann bolin. is the woman and bolin. yeah okay i thought you were saying. something wrong ambulance. entertainment ambulance all right. cool so yeah he's definitely trying. to donk you all good been the [ __ ] problem since the beginning of time but he's doing this stuff that he's gonna be like whoa whoa whoa whoa i'm just getting you a drink chill i didn't know it was gonna be all like that and then he's gonna definitely say like something like you stuck up [ __ ] like that's what those guys do that's what those dudes do i was just trying to. be a friend you stuck. up [ __ ] i don't think she's gonna say that if she calls him. out on that don't make her think she's really gonna say he might think it but is it worth bringing here's the thing. i think what you have to. weigh is is it worth. bringing i know this is not what she's. asking should i bring it. up with them she's asking is. that what this is i think it. probably is that yeah but you have to. weigh personally if it's worth bringing. up obviously he hasn't quite crossed. any lines but obviously if he does you do need to. bring it up but he's playing in that. gray zone which we don't approve of but it's not you. have to decide if it's worth. calling them out on it or not you know. it's it might not be there. yet yeah it depends just [ __ ] watch out. you'll be big with child. yeah with him yeah big with child. when you're big with child it's common. for a man to. step out on his mistress. but you need to. pick his mistress so you can control. it like the stress that was in the tudors. was unbelievable the stress back. then is unbelievable dude. what do you mean. the stress like the fact. that people used to. live in the 1400s. and be like oh god am i gonna say. something that's gonna result in it. counting as treason and then i got to. have my head lopped off yeah that's so you know. what i mean the stakes were higher. also the life expectancy was like 12. i know. yeah but also henry viii would be like say i'm more. important than the king otherwise you can. be locked up forever. right and then you're like oh but you even believe that. he's not more important than. the church like who gives a [ __ ] like pride was something. yeah probably much more something. than it is now yeah. i'd rather die for my church. than living you know. what i mean it's like what yeah. stop right there dude people were willing much. more willing to die. back then than they are now. and all they wanted to. do was be big with child. and keep on moving. the the race all right. let's do it okay. by the way he's okay right. talking like hey chris and matt. okay he's good okay good. let's do it hey kristen matt. big fan of the show. i think you guys are awesome. hell yeah uh keep doing. what you're doing uh quick. just quick here this guy. burke thinks he's my boss. he isn't tries to. micromanage me it's starting. to get to me i'm biting my tongue. for weeks now and i'm just i'm this. [ __ ] close from snapping and i don't know if i should confront him. i don't know if i should go. to my boss and say hey listen. i'm sick of this. [ __ ] guy um he he just he he texts me throughout the day. he won't even like confront me. in person about it he'll. text me because he's too much. of a [ __ ] uh so i don't know i just i don't know if i should confront him. and get get in his face. like i don't want to. like cause a fight but i mean. like i'm i am a groomsman i'm sick. of this [ __ ] guy right so i don't know any advice would help tell me what i should do thanks guys oh i would well i'll tell you what i would do 100 is it absolutely block. his number like that's so annoying. i'd block his number and then when he came up. he'd be like why are my texts. green and i would say oh look at that. a conversation right i mean. that's horseshit but i think you don't. want to give him ammunition to. get you in trouble. with your boss you want. to be in the right. when it is presented to. your actual boss when it. comes to that i think what you really want. to do is confront him. but don't like not when you're ready. to snap bring it up. when he doesn't actually do it. bring it up independently and so you can have some kind of objective. setting be like you know you're not really the boss. i don't know why you sort of whatever. it is give me orders whatever. whatever you know and then if that. doesn't work then you go. to the boss you don't. want to go straight to. the boss because then you're kind of making it. maybe more of an issue. than it has to. be if you can just confront the guy. directly look him in the eye. don't look away don't look down. and when he tells you go hey make sure it's like right. if you need to. just take his actual head. and manipulate his head yeah hold it. like this and say it like this. cause you're struggling that might be a little bit. of a problem in the workplace. so yeah maybe but you know. and then and then what and then or you what you can. do is be like hey come with me. to the dude and then you know it's gonna be so bad no no. this is this really works. okay so you know walk. him over to the office. to the boss's office right. and the boss is sitting there and the bus goes guys. i'm busy what's going on. he's like i just got him. come here dude. and you're closing you're gonna. point point to the boss's butt and say who who's whose ass is that and when the guy goes what and it goes i don't have time for this no boss excuse me that's very important whose ass is that yeah and then he says that's the boss's ass and he'd be like oh dude that's why you're not sitting with your ass in the boss's chair yeah oh [ __ ] dude because he's the boss right and that's why his ass is in the boss's chair yeah yeah that's good because it's very clear yeah yeah be like so then don't tell me what to do right and then yeah and spin move okay on the spin move you know yeah no no but i'm saying you have to have this one because and also you can get oh dude i've been wearing mine have you been wearing yours like a good little boy or a bad little boy have you been a naughty little boy have you been a nasty naughty scummy little boy so weird so weird or have you been a good boy i'm i mean you know so weird to look in your brother's eyes and say that [ __ ] so so weird [ __ ] my i mean dude come on dude i'm being with child i'm all about the weird [ __ ] you know yeah honestly have you been a naughty nasty little boy no i haven't been i've been a good little boy no i have been either one oh you've been a [ __ ] cool man [laughter] all right i've been a good little boy okay okay all right so let's go to the next one hey chris matt love the show love what you're you're doing uh you guys compliment each other so much it's a great show thank you uh and podcast i guess anyway i was seeing an advice on managing my how to manage how you speak to others i think you guys probably are about the same as me and the fact that we kind of say how it is we're really honest we're blind it's black and white that's what we need that's what we want and people sometimes take that offensively especially lately my spouse oh uh not quite sure what you guys do with that especially chris you know you have your spouse and matt with the dogs how do you not offend them with um telling them your needs and managing your expectations let me know and it's. uh it's always work in progress. but what are your tips. and tricks for that dude. i wish that uh there was a show that was not our. show that i could call into. with this um because i have a tone apparently. i have a tone and no. matter what i say and even if i try to. not do the tone i still. do it stop and um maybe i should sing. it no no i think uh this is this. is hard you didn't mean. stop all right go ahead this. is hard because i think you two. apparently but any relationship and i do it. you cut me off no. you cut me off i know. but you're adding to. it but yeah um so i think any relationship. that you or i have been in we've run. into a version of this. problem which is it's it's all. it's baked into. our sense of humor yes. the the purse not the person not like where this. separate thing from who we actually. are but it's it's like a sty manner of speaking. and a whole kind of sense. of humor that is aligned. in this one way that the tone. of voice can come out. jagged sometimes to people that are not as familiar with it as we are and that completely makes sense. first of all but it's also hard. for either one of us to. just change the way we talk to. people that we're close. with because we talk the way. we that we talk and i think the partner. that one of us has at any given time. will tell us but you at least. can talk differently to. me now that is a misconception because that is [ __ ] hard yeah to. speak to everyone right. the same way and then one person a different way. so there has to. be and this is my advice. to you when this comes. up there has to. be some sort of meeting halfway. of like i understand that. my tone of voice. can be harsh yeah but i need you to. understand that the way you're hearing. it is not always the the level. uh hold the cough for what. i'm done that's why i heard it. but uh we need to. sort of figure out a way. to meet halfway spouse they're married. obviously this is something. they have to. figure out yeah and i think the way. to do it is to. explain that like clearly without being angry. and then get she didn't specify. if she's married to. a man or woman. but let's say it's a he if he's like i mean. she's married to him. man you know but it's usually it's usually the other way around though. is why i say that. yeah you know the one married. to a woman yeah the ones. with the right voice problem. when she said that. i was like wow this. dude's tripping exactly so maybe she's married. a woman who knows um but anyone's big. with child then she's more emotional. okay but that's true. uh that's my advice what do. you think uh yeah you have to. like i mean well i will tell you this. much like yeah it is it. is baked into. our [ __ ] yeah personality because it's yeah yeah and our family growing. up like our family. would be like that's how we honestly. that's how we showed love. we would make fun. of each other and then laugh all together. and then when you do that. with somebody who had a [ __ ] bad childhood. then this is not kristin. she had a great childhood. but like but like it's like and they all they know is chaos. and then you're like yeah well you know. it's because you're fat not that. i would ever say that. right but like you wouldn't say that. but like but like that turns into. um a trigger moment. for them so it's this. constant balance and it sucks. but yeah you definitely have to. have that conversation whereas like look. i will definitely be more. mindful with how i speak to. you and you just have to. trust that because sometimes i'll go. in and i'll be more mindful. you know it depends on what the [ __ ] mood. they're in you know sometimes. kristen's in a [ __ ] beautiful mood i could say something she laughs sometimes she's not in a good mood i'll say something that i think is funny and it's not you know it doesn't get over uh it's not perceived well so um which is crazy because i'm a comedian and what i say and if i if i say it's funny you should be funny right because and so um so i'll say it's a joke. but that it hurts your feelings. you know it's a whole thing. whatever and it's not a big. deal but what i should what you should say. is like i'm gonna try. and do that but like just please like understand. that this is the way. i talk because otherwise it's like dude. thank god you're not dating. a russian like you would just you'd be like oh well this. guy's an [ __ ] the whole time. you know what i can do. it leads to. different facial expressions and i get a whole. smorgasbord i mean i'm practically. on the [ __ ] i'm all the guys. from guess who you know what i mean. like you look at me. i could do smile i could do surprise. i could do [ __ ] pissed off i can do oh bewildered i can do all that. [ __ ] so can everyone no no russians don't do that. dude well i have a question. about mcdonald's in the russian. in the rush when mcdonald's. reached russia they almost [ __ ] up everything because the mcdonald's whole thing was serviced with a smile and then the russians were like here it's your stuff. and russia was like what the hell. is all this stuff why. are you smiling you want. something from me so i have a question. about russians they sound angry. and mean in their own. language to us who don't speak. their language and when they speak in uh with their accent. in english yes do they sound. mean to each other yes. in their native language. yeah but that's how they do it. it's like we're talking to. each other in our family. that's what they do that's how they do. so it's like that with everyone if you're if you greet. somebody in russia with a smile. yeah that is considered like. weird like oh you must want something. from me no i've what yeah. they're like what is this. you're trying to get one. oh dude that is such a weird. you don't smile unless you're actually happy. you know how like you you beat this. this is true about mcdonald's. the whole service you made no no no when it first got over. there in like the 70s. or something it was a whole thing. russians were like let's go. see what this is like with us. where they smile what the hell. yeah [ __ ] 100 and i know that because i'm smart. no well then why do i know. that because you saw something. on the tv once. and it stuck with you all. right you gave in you know. no i read it. okay okay google you know. and looked it up on youtube. okay but yeah so uh anyway so just basically the whole. thing is you know this. is not really anyone's fault. except it's kind of his fault. like he needs to. get with the [ __ ] program. yeah like she didn't mean. it [ __ ] but she can't tell him that i know she can't we'll [ __ ] tune in here buddy hey buddy relax right dude you're married for [ __ ] sake she doesn't hate you yeah yeah wow maybe it does i do understand though dude i i understand it's hard people communicate in different ways their whole. lives and they meet when they're adults. and they got these different styles it's true. about how you express love too. like there are these different love languages. it's right that's also with actual language. people speak differently and they have their whole life. totally totally so it's hard. like somebody figure it out you know. somebody might be like don't fart. around me that's bad and then another guy everyone's yeah. but when i do that i'm open. with it i'm open. with you and that's because i love you. wow your ass is open. that's for sure but also it's different. for it's different for men. and women right like if you were like if somebody like if if if my significant other was gonna say something that made me feel bad right and i would be like oh that makes me feel bad and then they would be like oh well i didn't mean that and then i would be like all right and then like three minutes later i'd be like let's get pizza but if you do that the other way around like if i say some [ __ ] to. my significant other i'm not talking about kristen. this is very general but like and then i say like something that is deemed. to be assholey and then she's like oh what the [ __ ] you know you did that. i'm like oh [ __ ] my bad i didn't mean to. do that she'd be like okay. and then for [ __ ] a day and a half. she's gonna be like i just you know. i don't know it was just the way. you snapped and you leave it. snap right so it's like well what the [ __ ] so it's hard to. deal with so my point. is it is different since. you're the female in this. situation and you know i guess. you might be a female that you're married. to but um yeah i don't know it's a tough it's a tough. thing but have that conversation. of hey i know exactly. i know what you're saying. and i'm going to. try to be aware. of this now make me a sandwich. you [ __ ] fat piece of [ __ ] wow that's not a good uh way to. wrap up the advice do all that. except the last very last. thing chris said okay. now a word from our. sponsor betterhelp who we love how well. would you take care of your car. if you had to. keep the same one. your entire life that's how our brains. work so why don't we treat them. that way yeah people don't think about this. uh and they really should you need. to keep up with your mental. okay i do that. uh better help is a great. thing to do that. you go to betterhelp dot com. just uh with better you can do. a better help or therapy. in general honestly it's great. um so it helps me. it keeps me kind of at bay. dude therapy has helped me. for years and years and i've actually tried better. help and it's truly truly amazing. yeah it's been lifechanging. honestly yeah uh and uh just lifts my. honestly list my spirits overall which is uh and it makes you better. in situations you don't. feel so good in it. does feel like a sure superpower in a lot. of ways yeah you know. uh better help is online. therapy that offers video phone and even live chat. only therapy sessions so you don't. have to see anyone on. camera if you don't want to. which is uh which is a huge thing. i know a lot of times people. get nervous about it so you don't. have to be seen it's much. more affordable than inperson therapy. over at betterhelp and you can be matched. with a therapist in under 48. hours that's very quick it's a lot. quicker than having to. go sit with someone see if they work go. to another one see if they work. that could take months honestly. the wait lists for inperson. therapy sometimes in certain areas. of the country are months. and months and months. and months this you can match. with somebody at 48. hours so look better. help is great our listeners get 10 off their first month at betterhelp dot com. lifeline so if you support the show. and you want some uh some therapy here. you go to better. help that's b e. t t e. r better h e l. p dot com slash lifeline. that's better help dotcom slash. lifeline do it next aroni so i'm 25. and i've never started been on a date. i've never been on a dinner date gone. out with someone to. the movies bowling the whole dating. thing really whatever i mostly like to. stay inside i like my alone. time you know i never felt that. need to have that kind of relationship. to have someone be a part. of my life and me be part. of their life in some way. that thought kind of scared. me but i do feel like we're watching later. i'll probably have to. go out there and try and meet someone but i just don't know died. die but i just don't know. back you can give to. me and some other first ever daters. out there i mean shout out to. pearl jam yeah i mean. he went to. the future and saved. humanity when he did it. yeah yeah yeah go to. go to the go to. the part where he saved. humanity please go to. the part we saved. humanity i [ __ ] think that this. kind of [ __ ] is so funny. and also why are we watching a podcast. why does he have. a [ __ ] microphone why. does like well it's also cut together. the guy's obviously pro and so i'm 25. and i've never been on a date. i've never been on a dinner date gotten. out someone to. the movies bowling the whole dating. thing really ever i mostly like. to stay inside i like my alone. time you know i never felt that. need to have that kind of relationship. to have someone be a part. of my life and me be part. of their life in some way. that thought kind of scared. me but i do feel that. sooner or later i'll probably have to. go out there and try and meet someone but i just don't know up. up saved humankind saved humankind. in the year 3000. that was great. for several days dude it recorded it so. many times and that when that saw his cat. like spill something and then had to. be like i can't record this. again and then just keep going. dude um honestly and this has been the podcast. depression with zach pimbro. or whatever the [ __ ] um the podcast depression zack pimbro zach. pimbro i don't know does. it sound uh well he's never been on a date. and he's 25. welcome to. depressing with zach pimbro um so i would like to. talk about this now um my uh nuts. have never descended wow. uh you know i would like to. have two nuts at this. end i'm the kind of guy. that sits down and when i do i don't have. to worry about sitting on my nuts. because they're still inside. me uh and i nuts descended. you know oh i'm just curious. if you have um if you have people on your planet. with i mean people who so hello. this is zack pimbro. um what the [ __ ] do we have to. say to this guy welcome. to the podcast depression with zach. pimbro um i don't have a house. i i uh i sleep. in the dirt this. is depression um he he he's never been on. my senses he doesn't want to. be on dates i don't know. man it's hard for some guys. he could be an intel. but he doesn't have an insult. vibe at all i mean these cells are usually like online. and be like yeah i mean. anything's possible they all deserve to. die yeah yeah yeah welcome. to the podcast depression what's that pimbro. um uh but i mean what tips. to be someone who dates. exist in the world and be sociable. like that's it just i guess. if you want to. be doing the apps right yeah. do the apps if you want a quick. fix get a hat with a feather. in it and just walk around. people say something they'll be like what's a nice. hat some chick some [ __ ] chick i mean. she might be a behemoth but who knows she [ __ ] some chick. will be like what's up. with that hat and then you'll be like hi. i actually have a podcast. uh it's called you may. have heard it it's called. depression so wait you think he should get a if you're gonna have the federal. government start walking in it. you're set you're doing dating. if you do it enough. you will get somebody to. be like okay but there are easier. ways like tinder what's easier. than getting a hat with a feather. in it no because you have to. reach people that way if you just get a hab with a feather. on it and then go to. the [ __ ] glendale galleria and walk around some [ __ ] chick she might be a behemoth but why do you keep qualifying with she might be what i'm saying is that 10 isn't going. to come up to. you and be like what's up. with that hat a 10. is going to be like weirdo. with the [ __ ] feather in his hat. i think everyone's going to. be like weirdo what the [ __ ] heather no. job there's going to. be some job of the woman. that comes up why does she have to. be so big she might be making withdrawal uh oh [ __ ] i think that you'd it's such a vague. broad question i think what. you need to. do is just be more social. if you want to. be someone who's dating go. out into. the world and speak to. people then you'll get at least practice. it doesn't even have to. be a woman with a with your eye. on some kind of romantic. situation just get out there. and talk and also get on a [ __ ] dating app you want to. get on a dating app. for sure yeah i mean i can't believe they've never been on. a date or you know. what you do here's what you. do this is what you pre. you practice and by practice i mean you go. to a movie by yourself. and you sit next to. a girl she might already be on a date. with someone else just sit on. the other side and just hold her. hand and just feel like feel what that. feels like and you're watching you're watching [ __ ] beast with idris elba. and you just look over. to her so just acting like like and when she laughs like [laughter]. such a creepy the microphone. guys are man what the [ __ ] are you from depression zach pimbro. pimbro dude wow uh all right. yeah i mean that i think that's gonna do. it for that guy yeah. i mean just [ __ ] get out. there get a feather get a hat. with a feather in it. okay and get on apps. okay first get on apps then do the hat with the feather. like wait wait i can't wait to. see a followup video. if you've gotta have a feather. in it so it's really not working. um i like how he cut it. together and then also overlaid his. audio sometimes it's just facial. expressions i like steven soderbergh directed. it i liked it too right. all right let's go. yeah so let's go to. the next one another one. and another one hey matt. hey chris love you. guys so much so the issue. that i'm dealing with is. i have an older brother. and unfortunately i had to. cut him out of my life. about two years ago. he was just verbally abusive. to me he'd yell at me. in public like crazy [ __ ] like that and it came to. a point where i had to. remove myself from this situation. because it was just so unhealthy. and he has now reached out to. me saying that he loves. me and he misses me and that he wants. to talk so i'm wondering do i open. up that door to. like have a conversation and maybe thinking that. he will apologize for all. the nasty stuff he's done. to me i'm not really sure. what to do you know. i listen to. your podcast and i hear how much fun you're having with each other. and i really wish that i had that kind of relationship. with my sibling but i don't and that. breaks my heart a little bit so i need some help. thanks guys um i think you gotta at least. hear him out meet with him. and if he says he wants to. change and that he's sorry. and you feel safe and comfortable with that. uh i say give him a chance. but don't you know don't let him. slip right back into. being the way he was when you worked up. the courage to get him. out of your life just because we want someone to. change doesn't mean that. they're going to and it doesn't mean. we should give them. endless chances to. do so giving someone like a brother a sister a parent. a child a chance to. become better to be better. to be the person. that you want them. to be in your life. that they think they can be in your life. that's a good thing but there's like a fine. line uh or like a there's like a line. that you can cross that is just you know. you're being too forgiving or you're being. too harsh i think give him a chance let's see. what he says if it's up. to snuff try it. out and then if he does it again. the [ __ ] that you don't like tell him. look i gave you a chance. this is just who you are. though and i can't handle. this [ __ ] i mean your nipple is out. giving that like sage nice. advice well sometimes i'm just out. sometimes when you give advice your nipple's. out yeah at the beach. no on a show like that. you know you always give them. a second your nipples like this. yeah my nipple's saying what's up. um i think that you're right. but i also think that uh you should uh before. you even meet be like what's different. and what work have you. done you know what i mean. like he should be i don't know. how bad it got or what. but like you know if if that was me verbally being like [ __ ] you if he's i don't know what he's saying like but in public that's a lot so you know i would be like all right well i gotta get into. therapy and [ __ ] figure this out if i oh the clock marco. uh i gotta figure this out i gotta be you know. ain't uh figure out my anger. problems you know so if he's doing something about it then and if he's actively like you know i know i [ __ ] up let's meet then good then do it then then i think you meet um but uh if not then i would be wary and maybe like a you know it's also different between meeting in person and also being on the phone if he's like look i just have some stuff i want to. get off my chest and that's a phone. conversation uh but if he's like you know i've really thought about this. long and hard and um i want to. you know i don't want to. do this i i've started. looking into like being in. therapy and like my anger. um is um [music] my anger. is uh is is you know. whatever it is it's it's affecting. my life and it's affecting people. i love but get the guy. on betterhelp dot com. dude yeah yeah nice tiein. yeah yeah sure betterhelp dot com. is awesome and uh it's simple. and easy and so you know whereas finding. a therapist can be hard. but but but this guy no i genuinely mean it. like it's it's like the bare. minimum sit on your couch and get a therapist yeah yeah so it's good for you. and people in your life. betterhelp dot com yeah but uh well now you're making it. a commercial i didn't mean. to make it a commercial. but uh but yeah i was just saying like get a therapist betterhelp dot com. okay so uh yeah it's a tough thing. man i'm sorry that that's happening. but people can change and people can can be the person. like you said that. you need in their life in your life. and that's an awesome. thing especially you know families. grow you have kids and then they become important. and then you know they don't want to. not have an uncle right. yeah give it a chance. uh as much as you can but you have your limit. you know where your limit. is know where your limit. is going in and then if he crosses it. cut back out of your life. behead him behead him. i've been watching too much. tutors but also matt you know matt. verbally abuses me but i still can't. commit i can still kill. him in cow's life yeah no i do verbally abuse chris. all right cool next matt. hey chris so i got a good one. for you that i think only you can help. me with um my girlfriend and i the last two. years have kind of been going. through a rocky patch. and we spent some time. trying to figure it out. and and really diving into. each other and during that time. she bought me crystallia. tickets front row wichita kansas. august 27th head on over. to chrisalia dot com. get your tickets head on over. to the merch page. get your oops button okay. i said it so you didn't have to. all right so how do i go. about being like one i kind of still want. to save the relationship. and two i want to. get my ass in those seats. no idea even how to. go about it like i really want to. go with her you know i have no idea. what to say to. get that whole process started in the first. place uh maybe you can help. me out love you guys thanks. so this guy guys girl got him. tickets and he wants the tickets. he wants to. go but he doesn't necessarily want to. go with her right. do i have this right. oh he does he said he wanted. to go there okay. well either way you can't take someone else. if you have the tickets. you got to go with her. also if she has the tickets you know you got to. get a good graces but i think that um what is a rocket. am i am i wrong. when i say this guy is having a rocky. patch with his girlfriend she bought him tickets. to see you in wichita he's excited to. go and wants to. go with her what's the problem. yeah i think that he is. saying that uh he didn't say. he didn't want to. go he said he did want. to go it does want. to go yeah so i think that he's is this. [ __ ] just trying to. get on the show i mean. maybe no um i don't know what. the problem is yeah i guess. you're right i guess let's say he doesn't want. to go with her if he doesn't want to. go with her it doesn't matter. you have to. go with her you're having a rocky. patch in your relationship and you want to. make things [ __ ] better that is a way to. absolutely destroy everything oh thanks. honey you got me two tickets. to see my favorite comedian. now i'm gonna take my friend. jim and not you bye. yeah terrible yeah there's no way. to orchestrate that yeah i want to. go with her then there's no [ __ ] problem go yeah have a good time rekindle the romance have a sex the night that you see chris and uh let chris bring you guys back together yeah it's a winwin or is she gonna be you're gonna start some [ __ ] she's gonna take someone else and then you're gonna see if she takes it and you're gonna be like zach pimbro yeah she's gonna go with zach oh no the guy from depression is very um yeah also dude maybe he's worried about because they've had a rocky patch. like maybe they haven't talked for a bit. you know we don't know. the thing go with her go. with her here's the deal. though if you're worried about the whole like awkwardness of it. i got you bro that's what comedians are. for you let me do the heavy. lifting that's what going to. a comedy show is the best. first date you can do yeah. it is the best awkward date. you can do the comedian. is doing all of the work. yeah right yeah yeah yes and you're just sitting there. going right she's getting all hot. because the way i'm activating. no no no right she goes home. hot she doesn't go home. with me yeah but i activated. her you welcome bring a towel okay. so you go with two things. a smile and a towel and you leave my show. and it's hump city. you are yelling it's wrong. city dude you are yelling. you want her to. throw it back so that's what's up. dude yeah i mean i'll do the heavy lifting. and it's wrong city. for you population two go with the girl. rekindle the romance fall. back in love uh visavis crystalia. yeah and fall in love all. over again this august 27th. in wichita yep so not a lovely. place yeah but um you can also uh [ __ ] outta i had a i don't know it's e. you look you're either a mexican. or a mexican and you're gonna show. up and you're gonna be a mexican. before the devil knows you're mexico. all right before the devil. knows your wichita hey so david here. from nashville i just have a quick. uh question for you guys first. of all thank you for all. you guys do it's amazing. amazing show um i just have a question so my wife and i have a discussion. we're always about movies. i'm the type of person that does. not like to watch. movies more than once. me too let me explain. uh she's the the opposite. she likes to. watch movies all the time. and repeat like every time there's christmas. she watches elf and all. these different movies over. and over and over so my thing. is whenever i watch a movie um i kind of want. to get surprised and i want to. get it you know. not know what happens. next and figure out what the movie. is about and then final resolution. at the end of the movie. kind of thing but if i've seen. the movie i know what happened. so it has to. be a really really really really good. movie for me to. want to watch it. more than once so am i crazy. i don't know what do. you guys think i mean. wife changed back dude. um what the [ __ ] was going on in his house. dude he had a kid. he's from a magical beautiful. yeah he was doing some kid. [ __ ] yeah um some terrible sounds dude. we're this is us i like to. watch a movie once here's the thing. if she's just like a person in the world. who has nothing her job. isn't to do with movies. she's not like a crazy movie. buff or trying to. break him down i can't really defend. her position she just wants to. watch elf over and over. again that's just a human. being with a problem the reason. i like to watch. it more than once is is almost always because i want to. see from a craft position. how it was done. how this happened how they did that. specific thing whatever it is uh and so but that's a unique. specific thing to. me you know right. yeah i would understand most people understandably. only want to watch thing. i think once maybe twice. three times if they love it but they don't want to. watch the same [ __ ] movie and over again. yeah understandably i mean if she's a i would say if she's a cinephile. okay but she's watching elf. over and over so basically what you are. is a toddler right that's what gave it. away you're married to a toddler like if she's watching casino shot. by shot yeah okay she's a cinephile but she's watching will ferrell. dressed up as an elf. yeah you're a toddler so congratulations. you married a two and a half. year old that's who was making the sounds in the background. right right right two and a half. year old wife yeah this. is i mean put on baby. shark and see what she thinks. of that right she'll flip. the [ __ ] out mmhmm yep well in this situation buddy you're in the right and yeah you watch it sometimes. we got to put up. with [ __ ] that we don't want to. put up with in relationships. unfortunately for you that's watching. elf a lot honestly that's. not very unfortunate if that's the thing that you're calling in about you. know it could be it could be way. worse also have you seen. elf no i know it's. it's fine it's [ __ ] why do you say that. because it's [ __ ] i mean people love that movie it's fine. once and as a christmas. movie it's good once okay okay okay the bar. is lowered at christmas. for christmas movies fine you know. what's [ __ ] great is that one with uh arnold schwarzenegger. jingle all the way. is great that one. is so [ __ ] funny why don't people talk about that one more i'm gonna get the turbo man. i think they're starting. to a little bit more. it's really it's him. it's sinbad i've been on isn't it. hartman in that [ __ ] philharmonic yeah yeah yeah rita wilson's new new husband that's a good cast dude rita was his new husband in the movie oh oh oh because his room died his marriage his relationship. is on the rocks with his wife. and his wife is played by rita. wilson oh yeah her new boyfriend is phil. hartman who is there somebody to. play a new husband. better than phil hartman no. no no nobody was straight. up one of the funniest people. ever to exist. and it's such a sad. tragedy what happened it's a tragedy. when anyone dies but man. that the stuff that we missed. out on because of how early he died. oh my [ __ ] that guy how you know what he would have been he would have gotten so much bigger you know what i mean. yeah because he just got funnier. and funnier as he got older. and he would have just been this. old legend yes you know yes he is and was had i mean. snl i don't even really like it. that much oh so many of his characters are in like the top. alltime snl things [ __ ] house guests. dude how about him. and sinbad doubling up and house. guest and jingle all the way that was a good one. too those two what's the one. where he says a surprise no. [laughter] what do you he says. a surprise no [ __ ] a boat would be a surprise this. is a catastrophe it's one. from one of them yeah. probably oh my god that movie i saw [ __ ] dozens of times. when i was a kid. but then again i was a kid. there you go all right. next one what's up. lifeline what's up matt and chris. everybody podcasts and all kinds all. types of ways here's here's the advice. from we just finished a wedding. as you can see yeah yeah someone gets ratchet. and uh advice here is do. we go to the after. party we don't see our friends. very often we know. that uh it's gonna be a fun. time the friendship times but also it's 2. a.m we're tired as hell yeah. what are you going to. do what do we do in the world. and get up early tomorrow. for the friendship times 100 none of these. guys got laid. none of these guys got laid. they also all went to. the after party that guy. was like yeah man i don't even know what to. do just so sexy with his voice. already that goes rick fox. already sexy and then when he [ __ ] talked the girls. just go [ __ ] good wow nobody does that but yeah okay okay god damn dude. after the party is to. after party fomo is not real. fomo is a madeup thing because guess what the things that you miss out on you weren't. there so you don't know that. it was fun because you weren't. there yeah but you know. what happened because of stories afterwards. the guy in the back dude. the guy in the back was. secretly the most handsome wow. dude secretly um because he didn't speak up. much yeah uh yeah you don't think fomo. is something i mean. i guess it is something. if you feel nervous about missing. out on something people that like experience it. a lot bugged me out dude. i don't like any coined terms like that. i want to. make up my own you. know i don't want to. use other people's [ __ ] terms so i would just say you know about that the opposite. of fomo yolo get out. there and have a good time. i think that basically if it's 2. a.m if you're okay if you're under the age. of let's say 20. 27 or below they were they. were in their 20s. okay well they can go then. right if they're under 20. 27 or under you. can go to the after party. that starts at 2 a.m if you're 27. or old or if you're over. if you're 28 or above. you cannot go to. the after party that starts. at 2 a.m after the party. is the after party if you're under 27. if you're over 28 you don't. go yeah that's right. said it now we say it. right um i think that um you went. they definitely went you you went. and you did drugs two. of them vomited at 4am and and one passed out. where he wasn't supposed. to and woke up late for his flight. on a bench in front of the house. the only one that made it. home safely was the guy. in the back yeah because he was the most sober. right yeah totally yeah that was unreal. that that would what a good. one i want a followup. from them yeah let's get one. up so let's have a followup. from one from that one. you guys try to. get even more sexy guys in it. get like double the amount of 25. sexy men in it well there were four. sex amounts to. eight and then if there's another followup. we'll do 16. 12. yeah oh you're going. to keep doubling it. don't kill us okay. um all right um that was a good. one that was a good one. i love that one. dude that one was funny. immediately just dudes being dudes you know yeah yeah none of them. got laid no none. of them still haven't been laid. since the [ __ ] video threw up one. of them passed out on a bench. in front of the house. where the after party was and the black dude. got home safely they'd like to. go home safely and and oh the whole time smelled terrific. and then even into. the next day smelled terrific. and didn't take a shower. ahead still and just it smells. so good all the time. and had no hangover whatsoever. yeah yeah yeah yeah oh 100 yeah. and his favorite movie. is transformers okay yo chris and matt. i'm a big fan my best. friend's gay and he told me. that he had phoenix towards me since day. one okay i was okay. with it and i still am but like he isn't moving. on he knows that there's no chance i'm. a straight guy i have a girlfriend but also it's kind of difficult. for him because i'm the only male in his life. he's an introvert he doesn't have. a lot of friends geez. that's tough and i don't know. what should they do stabbing. i can't see him. hurting every time we meet whoa. wow so not should i just not be friends. with him anymore so that he can move on what should they do. because we talked about this. thousands of times whoa i mean you're not gay. he knows that much love. from lebanon thank you this. again i can't stop worrying but i'm saying he's not gay. that's like you can't you you're not. gay this guy's got to. get through his head you're not a gay. man so that can't happen. i think he's gotten it through. his head it's just their best. friends so they do hang out and then when they do hang out he's like i'm in love with you so i get i honestly. get why he likes you. dude because he's just like i see. him going through so much pain yeah he's just like such an empathetic so. so nice uh but i think that that. seems like it's a bit. of a dead end if he just told you once. then that's nothing that's totally chill. whatever you guys move. on remain friends you say well. sorry i'm not gay. i'm [ __ ] if i was obviously we're best friends i'd probably start with you if i was but i'm just not this. is like he keeps bringing it. up well that's like if you're in the friend. zone with a woman who you really wanna. be with and you keep trying. to date her she's like at a certain point. she's gonna be like i don't want to. and also you're making me uncomfortable. yeah you can't bro. we're not going to. be together you can't keep doing. it yeah it's like going. to a [ __ ] auto. shop and you're like dude. i'd love to. work on cars and like have you ever worked. on cars and you're like no. i don't know a thing about cars. and you're just like oh you can't. yeah okay i like what i said. what i like what i said better. but but i know but my thing is more i take it. to the masses right. because everyone gets their car. done no okay but everyone also has some kind of amorous. feelings for somebody so i took it to. the masses better love is universal. yeah that's what you're saying. yeah um so dude. i'm sorry but you got to. tell the guy look i love you. you're one of my best. friends maybe my best friend. whatever he said best. friend but yeah like i i you're making it. a bit uncomfortable like i i'm i i can't. reciprocate those feelings for. you it's literally my biological makeup. won't allow me to. so like you gotta either get over it. or i don't know can we still. be friends like what yeah what's going on here. and put it on him. like have him answer some questions. because it shouldn't be just you like he should also be like one would think he should be like i i don't think i. can continue seeing this guy it's torture yeah. true what i mean yeah. you'd be doing him. a favor maybe by being like yo quit this [ __ ] don't bring it up again. you know yeah and also like maybe also maybe on the just to. be the devil's advocate maybe try. it out you know you don't have. to do like fullon tummy. he might feel pressured that would be bad. i think he would feel like just a stroke. or something okay i know i think you over. the pain i think that. that's a bad idea to. pressure to talk yourself into. doing a sexual act that you don't. want to do you know. you don't want no no. no no no what i'm saying. is what i'm saying is the guy's flying. a little closer to. the sun than we are so maybe he in a way. there is some kind of like oh maybe i do want. to do some otp stuff. don't psychologize i'm not saying this. is lifeline dude and here's the other thing. because and the only reason why i say this is one time. i was having a conversation. with a bunch of people in montreal. and somebody was talking about being gay. and every anyone asked is. there any part of any of you that. would ever there was like five. of us that ever thought about that. maybe they were gay. and i was like no honestly. no you know i don't have. anything like i'm not like get penises. away from me but like i just like i if i try to. think about it or wrap. my head around it's just not for me. it's not something i want to. do and the guy next to. me said and he was australian but i'm not doing. it because but this is what he was and he was like ah not me. mate i'm not gay and i know that a hundred percent. and i was like that's such a weird. way to answer that. and i said why did you say it. like that he says because man. when i was younger. i tried it once with my friend. and it just wasn't for me. and i'm like wow so you're saying for some people to. know they have to. try it i guess i would suggest. in that case if it doesn't seem like he is. but if that guy's going through. that he should try it. with someone who's not his best. friend who's in love with him. and you know you try. it with zach pimbro. of depression because then you go on with his still with his microphone. just like this make it a date. though you make it a date so you can scratch. that off zach's list hey. guys so i don't want to. be doing this but caught up. caught up together i don't want. to be doing this. oh anyway all right um yeah so i that's a tough situation. though it is tough well. you know what i want to. say though props to. you yeah for like being openminded. i mean you know what i mean. like it's it's if you think oh having a gay. best friend it's of course. it's fine but it's like having a best. friend as a woman if you you're like look. i don't know if i want to. be one day dealing with that. whole feelings conversation you know. which you don't always have to. have but it's interesting. and even with the gay. thing it's a little bit more. because you're not gay. and he is yeah but props. to you for uh you know. not looking at color. well that's actually not what he's doing. but it doesn't matter what. color you're all good i don't see color. when it comes to. well clearly because this has nothing to. do with color let's uh do the last one. more or is that it. is that it there's one more okay. let's do it so handsome. my name is and i'm from the uk. beautiful and i absolutely love. this podcast it's my favorite. podcast i love you. too it was congratulations. for a good few years. but i could do with some help. because i'm just waiting to. pick up my parents from the airport. it's making me think of my terrible. fear of flying is. something that stops me from seeing. my friends on holiday it stops me from going. away with my girlfriend i do fly. but very infrequently and i also work in the film. industry as a set dresser. and we're going to be. uh flying around in the coming. months and i need to. be able to. kind of overcome this because i want. to do those things yeah. i hate turbulence i'm i've seen. too many films. where things go wrong. every movie so i'm a very anxious. buyer and i can really do some advice. i know that you guys fly. a lot i'm sure chris flies a lot. with all the shows um you know do you guys get anxious. what do you do. to combat that any advice. or any thoughts around. it would be really appreciated. so thank you very much. do i have a story for you uh no but go to. the last podcast and watch this. beginning um but i don't usually get anxious so you should talk about that actually i do get very anxious a lot of the time and i used to. i used to. actually have a terrible. fear of flying right. i didn't go to. things that i regret about i regret. now yeah because i was terrified. of being scared i realized that. it was about my ocd. and i realized it was. about my uh anxiety. and had nothing to. do with actual because here's something. that helped me too like you on a plane. you're scared that it's gonna crash. okay that's i guess what you're scared. of it's actually egotistical to. think that way because there's so many other people on this. plane you think you're the guy. that gets to have. this happen and it's a romantic. notion dude it's a notion of oh man. i'm going to be on. the plane just my luck. i'm scared of turbulence dude. it's not going to. happen to you because and i'm sorry. to say this but you don't matter. that much you're just somebody. on an airplane that's all it. is and all of the airplanes. all of them except like one get to. where they're going you know. and you're not on that. one and here's the other thing. too you're going to. miss out on [ __ ] which you already are and that does suck you are going to. regret it because i do and when i was probably around your age. was when i was most scared. of flying but once i started to. wrap my head around the [ __ ] fact that it's egotistical and it has nothing to. do with me it really. started to help me i still sometimes. do get nervous but also i think that sometimes. it is a young adult. thing because for me. i was scared of flying. because i had not made my quoteunquote mark. yet i had not done. some things i wanted to. do in my life with my career. i didn't really know who i was and i had a fear of like dying. prematurely and it all [ __ ] went. out into. that okay i'm on a flight. now it could happen now um there was a like a few. months where i was terrified. driving over bridges whoa yeah i would just have like a panic. attack i'd speed up and i was making myself. more unsafe by [ __ ] driving not right. too fast over these bridges. i tell you what that's way. more dangerous than flying. never is 100 nobody basically nobody ends. up dying in a plane. crash because planes rarely rarely. crash you're more likely to. get [ __ ] hit by a car waiting for your parents at the airport and die. than you are die. in a [ __ ] plane crash. dude it just doesn't happen. and keep that in your mind. every time you hit turbulence every time something. [ __ ] weird happens yeah you're just not going to. [ __ ] die there's also medication bro that really ah and there's also medication that helps way too much. like in matt's uh in match. case and then also um well there's something else i wanted. to say i don't know you're just you're gonna. you're fine you're fine. keep flying you're not gonna crash. i promise you if you crash. and die i will give your family. a million pounds okay whatever that is that's a lot. of money okay well no he's not. gonna so oh i got you i see. yeah oh yeah yeah uh uh yeah uh that's it. yeah okay that's it. that's it so yeah so sign. up for moment house. it's in the pinned comment below moment dot. co slash lifeline it'll be posted. below though and then also um you can do. that and you can uh talk with us. it's uh gonna be uh live lifeline. so we can talk back. and forth with you and you will. be there on the phone. with us yeah and so why. i also you can uh send a a thing. in by watchlifeline dot com. video and then um i'll be in dallas. and wichita and atlanta and washington dc. and savannah georgia and peoria. go to chrislea dot com. a lot of dates there. and you can get the new merch. we got a bunch of ones. we got [ __ ] merch is killing. i've been wearing it all this. week we got the [ __ ] hoodies we got the tshirts. we got the sweatshirts we got it. [ __ ] oh yeah go to. lifelinemerch dot com or chrisleya dot com. dude take pics of you in it. when you get it. and send them oh yeah. we repost them yeah. all right guys thanks a lot. thanks for listening and what did. the guy do i think it. was this [music] hello. [music] 