 [music] runk augusta north charleston austa north charleston augusta georgia north charleston c. south carolina st petersburg florida. um chattanooga tennessee. charleston west virginia and then i'm going. over to australia get your tickets. at chia dot com and it is all new. stuff from my last special. it's not rather it's not from my last. special so you can go and watch my special and then come see me. on tour you will. have all new stuff christ. dot com get my special christ. dot com get tickets. green bay de moine all. of australia and new zealand. i'll be there uh and then some other dates. go look uh thanks very much and this is the craziest one. 300 what is it something. of 377 episode of [music]. congratulations [music] conat the best uh um the best the best episode. 377 maybe maybe it's the best. episode of 3 maybe it's the best. 377 episode of anything ever. you you know not many things. have reached episode 377 but there. are a lot of podcasts. out there now so a bunch of them have um a lot of podcasts. are on like less episodes. than that though cuz podcast is still new but um anyway i remember before. um before i did when i started podcasting. uh in 200 17 well. no my own podcast i mean. we did the 10minute pod. podcast obviously but be but after that when i started my own. in 2017 uh people like actually uh like it pretty. much women didn't even know what podcasting. was it was like a guy thing. and then which is weird. cuz women love to. talk and then um and then and then now everyone knows what it. is it's amazing i think think about that. sometimes and that's it i don't have to. get into detail about it. but that's what i think about sometimes. uh wear my life rip. shirt i realize i'm an extra extra large now. so it's beefy. i i don't even know. i i i i i'm an extra extra large. t fashion changes i remember looking at remember when the um when the skinny jeans. were in and i look i remember looking at the skinny. when i was getting into. skinny jeans okay because that's where fashion. was going and where and where do i go. i am where fashion. is all right hey if you're seeing fashion. going somewhere de is close. all right he's either there. or right behind you know. um he's not asian with it. you know he's not asian with it. he's not he's not before. fashion cuz asians. are before fashion asians. are just you know you'll you'll be wearing something. that you think is is in and hip and an asian will. see you and be like no it's not that's old right. and um what is this. 2022 right like that's what they'll. be like they're on the next. thing you know they're like wearing a trash. bag you got to. get trash bags. and then by the time. you get trash bags. they go that's old um so why are you wearing. that you have time machine. so anyway um so i'm you know i'm not i'm not forward. with and by the way you can say. that's racist but it's not racist. because i'm saying that asians. are so good with fashion. okay um so i am kind of you. know i'm kind of nice with. it whatever but i'm just saying you know. it's like some days i'm you know. what some days i'm nice with it. some days i'm just not that. nice with it right. some days i'm nice with it. but i have the i have the capability. of being nice with it. right so sometimes i'm right. there with fashion sometimes i'm a few. days behind like that's how long going. to say but tight jeans. i remember when tight jeans. came out and i was like all right. i i guess i'll do it. i don't know i don't know yet. but i guess i'll do it. then i saw you know you just keep seeing. it keep seeing it. then you see one guy. wear it and you're like he's kind of like me. i bet i can pull it off. okay all right so i got tight. stuff then i wore it. and i put it on and then i was like oh this. is what it should have. been we should always wear jeans. like this cuz this is what fits. people are always like yeah but they're too tight. but they're not too tight. really cuz they're fitting. they're form fitting form fitting another word for form fitting is fitting right you know what i'm talking about so like when i was younger when i was working out when i was you know i was like 17 getting all beefed up you know and my uncle would be like oh you're getting a shirts. you need to. wear shirts that fit and i was like this. is what fits i'm showing off. my muscles it's form. fitting aka f aka fitting right. just because i'm not wearing baggy stuff. like you from eddie bower mr. ll bean so um so now uh i i i you know up until about 2022. he was hit with the skinny. jeans okay and then people started. wearing baggy things and i'm like no. dude what is it 199 whatever. you know eight again no. come on i don't want to. do this and i thought i'm not doing it. it looks silly right. and bo boy i'll be. damned if sometimes the bagg of jeans. aren't bunched up. nicely right up over my shoes right nowadays you know and i and i looked at the skinny jean pictures because i was like i feel like i betray myself man and i look back at the skinny jeans pictures and sure enough it looked absolutely terrible dude and i thought it was good so now i'm going to. think the whatever you're wearing looks bad. in 8 years years so. just do whatever as a matter. of fact you can't even get away. from it even if you wear the same. thing the whole way. through life you can look back. eight years and you will still think what was i doing. right it'll be something. a miss with your hair. or like something different. with like your sideburns that just throw everything. off like even expector inspector gadget and ronald mcdonald 8. years ago are like what. was i wearing and they only wear one. thing the hamburglar is like what's with that. mask saying it with the mask on. it's just covering my eyes. it doesn't even make any sense. and he still got it. on no matter what you look. at yourself eight years. ago you think you looked like dog. tes radio edit um oh speaking. of japan this is new music. out of japan let's talk about it. i been listening to. this really just kind of been vibing. to it there we go. here we go yep there. we go you think. we'll get copyright enris for this. look that clap that clap. what oh and and they just threw the table. down for no reason. d dude that what what is what. is it called the beginning. of it look smashed it down. and put the table down. dude here's the thing about this. kind of thing like the hardcore. quote unquote music uh whatever it is whatever it turns. into it the one. thing that has the main stay there's one main stay the people will have long hair. and just use it. you know they just like being cousin. it so and then they caption on this. they posted it on kids. takeover which is an instagram handle. nah he killed it. this is ros sui. kiasu viral show he did in. taiwan what's a viral. show how do you know if it's viral. until later in part of his entire tour. thoughts i don't um i don't i don't know like i guess. at this point i'm the old guy but like if you're play like dude. how do you s sing. [music] along so mad at the drum so mad at the drum bad drum bad drum bad drum and you twoo table you're an accomplice get out of here um i don't get it. clapping to that is absolutely. maniacal right don't clap. at it if you like it go and be ashamed. you know don't go and be proud you like it. go and whoops i like it. you know what i'm talking. about it's like when it's like when people try to. come at me and they're like yo. the tutors is bad and i'm just all. whoopsy daisy about it okay so i watched five seasons of the tutors okay. okay so so fine. so i watched it so okay. so because i won't watch yellowstone and even though. i know it's better than the tutors because i saw five episodes. of it and don't care about. it because it's not my cup. of tea no matter what happens. in that show they can shoot they. can brand they can steal. rob i don't care kevin coer can gr. is radio edit i. don't care do you. know what i'm talking about the girl. can show her back door. and top of her titties. has much you know what i'm talking. about the woman from flight. the drug the drug addict from. flight can show her titties. as much she wants in yellowstone i don't care but i you know. i'd rather watch the tutors and yeah. my wife's mad at me. for it okay fine do you want. to watch dude when i was out you know the saga of me. watching television shows with. my wife is just it's just a beautiful. saga and it's an awesome. saga it's an awesome. saga and by awesome i mean. war is awesome too you. know it's not like i'm like like you think everyone always thinks war. everyone always thinks awesome. is a term term that means cool and the 80s. took awesome and ram with it. but awesome means you look. at something and you go wow. it's full of awe. right like war so when i'm in canada. bringing home the bacon. let's say when i'm in canada. doing shows right by my loan doing my dirt. all by my lonely like like uh like naughty. by nature used to. say um and my wife texts me hey watching yellowstone it's so good. i go oh are you like me. dude i go like this. oh [ __ ] i to. i don't she asked me. if i want to. watch yellowstone twice before this i said no okay. now your boy goes on. the road right your boy. does lots of tours. bo does lots of. dates chris dot com. and when he goes on. tour his wife watches. whatever she watch it she should she should right. she should she should watch whatever. she wants when the boy gets home. the boy likes to. unwind the boy likes to. veg out the boy likes to. chill the boy likes to. have a good time. the boy likes to. not think the boy throws on. something like the tutors don't come. at me telling me. the tutors is bad i get it. i know there's better shows. alas we watch we watch why. because we can do things. like take breaks we can play. with the phone we can talk to. calvin we can you know. what i mean so when the boy gets home. sunday night and kristen says no. oh man you know what i this. is work she's like you want. to put calab b i put calab b i come down. she's watch watch in yellowstone and i'm like this. is my i i just got to. home can we she's like let's just watch it. she's three seasons in i'm like i'm not going. to just watch a random show. of yellow episode of yellowstone she's like then watching from the beginning. with me she's rewatching it. for me dude i don't even. wanna so now i'm watching. on five episodes deep. h on and i just there's too much. tan in it you know. so now i'm watching it. all right and i was going. to mention something else about it. and i don't remember but i came back and all i wanted. to do was watch something you know what i wanted. to watch is something stupid i came back with canadian. money i didn't get you know the exchange. currency exchange thing there's all. different money all everywhere. around the world know there's canadian. money there's yen there's scruples or [laughter]. whatever you know what i mean. rupal i don't know rups and so work. and so um man how ahead of the game. was rup paul you'll see that's what she would say and we did and so i got canadian. money let me just say something. about canadian money. dude it's so dope. now the thing that sucks about it. is it's not as good. or as healthy or. as expensive as american. money and when you get american. money you get that money. money money money you know like that whole that whole thing. about how like it's dirty. i love a dirt. to it but the canadian. money i guess it's has dirty but it seems cleaner. you can't rip it it's different. colors people who are elderly know what they're getting out of their purse. they don't have to. you you know what i mean. oh the red one 50 oh the purple. one 10 the blue one five the yellow. one 100 the green. one 20 a dollar a coin which is awesome. $1 should always be a coin no matter. where you go $1. should never be the and don't have penes right. don't even have them. anymore just have things end at 5. cents okay are we good so i get the canadian. money and i have a you know. i put it in the bank. already so but i i had a you know. a good amount of canadian. money i bring it home. part of the reason why i didn't exchange it. is because i i i know calvin's. going to love it. i know calvin's going to love. the different kind of money. so i bring it home. and i say calvin i have a surprise for you. and he says what did you get me. i was like it's not really. anything just you might like it i just it's not. like a toy i don't want you. to okay i hand him. a stack of this canadian. money and he goes what is it. and i said it's canadian. money it's money from canada. from a whole different country. and he says i love it. and i say yeah well so does. your dad for different. reasons but yeah and then he just throws. it up in the air. he's doing like ducktales. it's like the [ __ ] intro. to ducktales just throwing around bathing. in it right and i'm like we got to. clean it up he's like well let's clean. it up at the end of the night. because right now i'm having fun. just with just with my money like cut. out the middleman cut out the toys just get your kid canadian. money you get more of it. because whatever you have in america. you have even more of it. in canada and so i am now. the money's all over the floor. and i'm like kell don't lose. any of this because we need this. because and of course why well because money is very important. because money you get stuff. with money like what you get you. know what toys food jackets anything. okay i won't lose any i promise. lost [music] $0000 don't know. where it [music] is. i think it's in with his tetris [music]. [laughter] toys that's the most expensive. toy my my son ever. got so no it wasn't it. was the [ __ ] bounce house. my wife got him. why isn't it's yeah american. money feels real though maybe it's just because i'm american. anyway it's in the bank now. my son didn't want me. to bring it to. the bank but i brought it to. the bank so jokes on him. it's the bank um i was at the gym. and the i said this. guy this italian dude. so so italian so italian that honestly he should be wearing a leather. jacket and carrying her. on pizza at all. times and he you know. he came up to me. a while ago and he said he was a fan. and i'm like thank you he's like you know. all that [ __ ] you went through. i was all came out the other side. it was really inspiring. i'm like a that's great. i love my people bro. i love italians i love it. okay um just hitting on all. sorts of women at the gym. you know he's just and then looking. at me and being like hey you know. good thing i'm not more. famous right they come. after me right and um so the the most italian. thing happened to. me i i i you know what i felt like how non italians feel when they when when they're talking to. an italian person and i'm italian. and dude i have i have a i have a cousin. butch like i have an uncle vinnie i'm i'm i'm i'm italian. okay um you know people in my family. have like nicknames i don't even. know their real names like. that's how italian i am. and so the dude comes up. to me in the locker. room now i'm italian italian or italian. and he says and i say hey i thought you going back. to new york and he says ah you know what i think i live here now. and i was like oh yeah and he says yeah i mean i've been staying on a couch. my friend's couch but you know. i'm looking for a place. so i got to. find a place you know i'm trying. to find a place. i say oh yeah and he says yeah i say well. i hear you and he says yeah well you don't hear me. though do you and i said what and he said i mean. you don't actually hear me. right and i'm like am i getting. whacked and i guess he thought. i meant i'm in the same. boat as you but he actually. said well you don't really hear me. right and i was like well i don't know you know i mean. ian i'm not looking for a. place myself and he was like yeah yeah okay i was like oh dude italians so quick to. turn the so quick and new york. italian's so quick to. turn turn on you like that. you don't hit the bubble like that. right playing sorry that's not how you hit the bubble though. right that's going to. jerk all the dice around. am i right nah n. but but that's you right. you're the guy right. who comes in here he wants. to play sari because it was your idea wasn't it. it was your idea you wanted. to be blue hopping all around. all good and nobody's saying nothing. about it right. and everything's fine and honestly. you're winning and we're all happy. for you and then you go hit the bubble like that. ain that right so now what the dice is. all jerky right you're doing. it all jerky like that like the dice is gonna you know. i'm just saying if i'm a dice i'm gonna have a problem. with that right now granted that's personification. i'm not a dice nobody's a dice but still there's rules. about sari you're jumping all around. we're letting stuff slide. that's fine but the way. you hit the bubble though. right jerking the dice all. around tony get him that's how italians do it. tony get him um it's fascinating. how different people talk. differently it really is like i know. that's obvious but like i was in nimo. canada where is it. and it's on the vancouver. it's on the flight it's on. the flight it's on the vancouver. island by the way i don't like that. dude and i know you know that if you know me. but like have call it. something else don't call it. the other city's island that's so [ __ ] for both places. now you're in vancouver. is like oh [ __ ] they got vanc. they took vancouver island now it's both of us. kind of and then vancouver island is like h. we don't have our own. identity you know change it. anyway there's places in vancouver. island like victoria and nimo and i went to. nimo and the dude. there i'm going to. put up my standup. clip i did some i did a local. thing about it on stage. but go to my youtube. channel or you're on my youtube. channel and um just the people in nimo are all just what are they talking. about you know like there's different ways. of living but like i guess. they do it kind of in the south. it's i guess it's small talk. they in the south too usa south usa um but like i'm sitting in a coffee. shop and uh like a 90yearold walks in and strikes up. a conversation with a 20yearold. and it's like he's just like hey uh you look tired. you know and but it's not rude. oh you look tired eh. and then the the lady's like ah well i've been working you know. a different thing but i'm about to. get off oh what are you. doing after this oh i'm going. to go home and you know. maybe have dinner with my boyfriend. oh that's nice like s canadian. and dude and dude. am i a dick. for it i don't know. maybe i am oh boy. hi cal what are you. doing c you got to. put uh clothes on could. you could you put clothes on. yeah you just took a bath okay put clothes on. and then come say hi. okay sitting around in his underwear. um and he comes in like this. i just took a bath all right. here we go we got this. here you get bon into. the country w the b seman gets sent in in little vials. i mean an absolute diabolical. uh this is how the world. ends you can tell still. how do you get the se out. of the be so that's the most common. question we get asked senators we jack him. off how do you get seon out. of the bees h well. well it's probably not something we'd say. here at the senate thank you you. asked what i was you give flo how you how you do that. so it's part of a vernacular everyone wants. to know how you get sean out. of a be um to. to and i can't claim to. be an expert and you can how come i'm the only one. with a straight face here well cuz you're talking about. extracting bc and getting into. the country like it you know like it's like it's cocaine. so you so basically basically you squeeze the bee which averts its endo. fellus and then the seaman is collected. from the end and the they still alive. when you finished no but the same. you got to kill. bees also die. when they make naturally right in fact they exploded. i mean what are these australians. talking about hi cal. hi how you doing good. so you just took a bath yeah all right. and so why don't you tell me. how it went it. went good i just puted. in bath for bo and he. was done and then it's funny. he did it you yeah. yeah yeah yeah um so did you uh so let's talk about something. okay what do you think about the uh the money. that dad brought home the canadian. money oh yeah what do you. think about that great i love. it well and how why do you like the canadian. money because i just like how it's real you like how it's real. but someone's coming in yeah. billy's coming in mom's coming. in so so what do you think about the uh the canadian. money though what's your favorite. kind on 50s the red. the red do you like 50. is the red one yeah okay. 20 to and what is that i like all them all. right cool what you have. anything you want to. say no oh really so you're just coming. on here to. to like model or something what oh you probably. don't know what modeling is. um why i want to. just talk on it of course you do. yeah and what would you like to. say i i just don't know you. don't know no that's okay. yeah it's funny you can see yourself. yeah theen uhhuh yeah mhm right. there i see it right. there i mean you know what are you. doing dude so all right. so what do you think about you. like being funny this why. do you think you're so funny. because i just i just do yeah. uh do you what is that. one of your favorite things. to do is to. be funny yeah yeah who do you like to. make laugh uh you everybody. yeah yeah okay and what's a favorite. what's your favorite kind of joke. i love you oh i love you. too that's not really a joke. though is it no but that's that's good. that it's not a joke. you know what this is my funny. joke byy backy yeah backy is your funny. joke yeah it's pretty good yeah. it's backy backy yeah k. you can't touch the microphone. okay so are you all done. no i'm not yet okay. i just like i just like to. do your podcast you like to. do my podcast but when you have a podcast. what would you what do. you think um yeah look into. the camera when you have a podcast. what do you think you would want. to uh be about what do. you think your podcast. would want to. be you' be make it about i um i don't know well what it. could be about anything transformers. yeah okay and what would you. talk about transformers just there's something okay so hey guys welcome. to the podcast about transformers. uh today in the transformers. news today uh we'll go. to calvin calvin what do you have. for us transformers transform all. right well there you have it. transformers transform anything else for us calvin we've got calvin in the helicopter up. with the with the news we've got calvin. up in the chopper with the transformers. news what what do you have. for us calvin transformers. save the city absolutely transformers. save the city that's amazing. thank you very much that's good. okay well thank you very. much calvin congratulations congratulations yes. that's right all right buddy. you want to. go to mommy why go. to mommy why cuz i got to. do this all right. i just i just like to. see myself oh you can see yourself. yeah i know i know you like like to. see yourself you're like daddy. yeah oh i see my hair. you see your hair yeah wow the way. he's walking in front of it. all right so all right. go follow mommy we can play. later okay bye bye see you love you okay. you see your hand there. it is yep see you careful. there's oh great there's applesauce. down there okay let's go. back to this ban thing. anyway back to b seman the b. seman gets sent in in little vials. better still how do you get the seon. out of the be so that's the most common question. we get asked senators you back. up into it thank you. you asked what i was depends if the bee is. heterosexual or homosexual everyone wants. to know if he's heterosexual we get a really hot. little lady be and i can't to. be an expert and you can homosexual. how come i'm the only one with a straight face here if he's a homosexual. bee so basically basically you squeeze santa. monica boulevard be which averts its endo. fellis and then the seen is. collected from the end and they still alive when you finish. no but the same you. got to kill the bees. also die when they make naturally. what in fact they explode. i mean they you know. there's a better way. of saying that they explode. dude how good does that. how good does it. have to be for bees. that they die afterwards. um that is just crazy bees die. after they made then how are they still around. i guess they make a bunch of them. when they come out right. like humans only have like one. at a time or two. at a time or three at a time. maybe at the most but like bees probably just be so so much. probably come out right. how many bees do lady. bees lay how many eggs do they lay. at once probably a lot because if a dude. be is nut all up. in it and then just dying then that's one. dude be gone right but the but the lady. be obviously is still kind of chilling. she can't die because she's got to. carry all those baby bees to. term and then those bees all get born. at the same time and then there's like say 12. and then they're around for a while pollinating. and doing all that stuff. with honey and then then after they become you know of age. they mature then they have. sex and die and then they make 12. more i guess that's how it goes and so anyway i have a nature channel. but that's wild bees i don't like. when there's always somebody at a party. that'll tell you how serious. bees are you know the bee issue. well the thing you know. it all comes down to. bees you know and you're just like nah. i mean i can't tell you how many times in my life. i've heard well it's because of bees. like and i mean like nine times and i'm 44. and that's too many. times um oh this was so are you kidding. me with how funny this. was mercy from the sense. of blind entitlement some people. seem to have lord have mercy so deeper. all right dude this guy this. preacher this priest or whatever you want. to call it i don't know what he is. it's definitely christian well. it's christian because he's doing the stuff like this. which is which is so adds so much. more funniness to it. this father is getting real. specific okay and it keeps going dude. just here we go lord. have mercy from a blind. judgmental attitude over other people's appearance or dress christ. have mercy christ have mercy for the times are sharp political divide blinded. our called to care. for each other christ have mercy christ. have mercy when people use loopholes to. take advantage disability benefits christ have mercy. when people use loopholes to. get disability benefits christ have for their own. g financial gain christ have. mercy imagine being in that audience. and being like i i didn't do this. [ __ ] okay christ have mercy d this guy confessing the worst guy the worst father you. know christ have mercy from a blind. attitude over the theft of work xerox paper. for personal use lord have mercy. blind attitude dude zerox paper dude. for me it would be uh for masturbating in my bed. trying to keep it from shaking. so he wouldn't wake up. his wife and destroy her sleep. cycle cuz she has to. wake up early with the kids. and he sleeps in lord. have mercy [laughter] trying to. trying to absolutely barely. move your hand and just kind of do. it you know really really minutely and making it. you know yeah sure it'll take a little bit longer. but that's okay because you know. maybe it's a little bit you. know kinky that taking so long. and anyways trying not to. disturb his wife's sleep patterns. lord have mercy you'd hear me. in the back going oh. come on a [ __ ] guilt tripping your wife into. trying to cook food because we've been ordering too much. postmates lord have mercy lord. have mer is this about me. you know secretly upset. because your wife wears the clothes. that you're going to. wear the next day because because she knows that she can get through. the loophole because you told her. once that you like thought she was cute. when she was wearing your clothes. but secretly you wish that she would wear the clothes. that you weren't going. to be wearing tomorrow. lord have mercy this about me. lord have mercy acquiescing and watching yellowstone even though. you didn't want to. but knowing that you kind of had to. because she said she started. over with you and kind of got you there. even though you really want to. be watching something stupid like the tutors and eating ice. cream and barely paying attention. to it lord have mercy. lord have really upset. that your wife is actually. enjoying yellowstone the second time. and saying things like oh i must have missed. this part because i was toodling around. the kitchen but now i'm so happy. i get to see it. twice then i don't want her to. have that lord have mercy lord. have mercy this is about me you know getting upset. when my wife dings the side. of the audi q q. rsx7 qrs7 uh wheel. even though we have the wheel. package we're probably using too. much of the we're probably using too. much of it we can get it. like one wheel replaced a year. and she keeps dinging it. up against dur the whole. foods parking lot and scrapes. it and it looks like [ __ ] it looks like allan sir jr. just did six laps in it. lord and and and and even though. even though you get mad. at it also you had a [ __ ] you you do it too even though you do it on your mercedes but you don't want her to. know that but there's an air. bubble on your tire and you're going. to have to. go get a fix lord. have m but you don't tell her. about that keep it it. to yourself because you want to. be mad at her and you want. her to feel bad lord. have mercy we attempted to. jump the line or skirt. the rules to get a vaccine. lord have mercy lord. have mercy from a lack of courtesy especially for the elderly. lord have mercy i mean. confessing lord have mercy from a lack of humility or lack of patience christ. have mercy i mean so general. that one from a temptation to. cheat at golf tournaments from a temptation to. cheat at golf tournaments d. so rich you know not. reporting strokes or by a foot wedge. christ have mercy not reporting strokes dude you know leave christ out of it um who cares have mercy from a blind. attitude during covid. of not wearing masks or hoarding. toilet paper christ have mercy christ have mercy for the times we lack respect for god lord have mercy still didn't stop what if in the middle of it he just went murder lord have mercy kicking the [ __ ] out of a 5yearold lord have mercy this guy's awful helping designing the atom bomb a long time ago lord have mercy spitting in food at the [ __ ] uh produce section at ralphs on lasena lord have mercy having sex with a woman and then secretly taking the condom so it feels better. without telling her lord have. mercy um oh no dude. beatboxing i can't know what i can't help. about beat boxing oh god. you know just put pillows together. and they go nuts. i love it [applause]. though d that's funny. [music] [laughter] dude how [music] funny. wow [applause] i mean. just flailing him around wow how do they do [music]. that we are ven we are venom dude. these guys are a trip. that's funny beatboxing lord of [music]. mercy god there we go morin. brando the greatest actor ever claim don't. you don't you realize that. your thought of as the greatest. actor ever k was the greatest. actor ever he pretends he loves. me he wants something. to eat get out of here. the dog wow no it's true. dismissing it uh what's the difference. see that's a part of the sickness. in america that you have to. think in terms of who wins. who lose who's good who's bad. who's best who's worst we. always think in those terms in the extreme. term i don't like to. think that way everybody. had uh their own value in a different. way and uh i don't right. to think who was the best. at this so that what's the point. of it yeah dude. i agree and he just was not around. thank god he wasn't around. during twitter oh my god you know nah. marlon brando sucks cuz you know. people would say it's absolutely. insane you ever watch [ __ ] godfather though dude that movie is pretty good but i don't know man. i don't know if um look at this. tweet richard strater speaking of tw twitter. the guy writes uh 18. single alpha male wildly successful. passionately pro trump do you find this. attractive and then a picture of him. and he's gray the guy. is a gray guy. and he's outside of the [ __ ] islands in glendale. in the galleria and he's and the dude. first of all that guy's 18. i mean is this a real tweet this. is insane how about did you see. that cocky go boing. boing tweet no oh my god oh my god where is it. no no no no no this is one. of the funniest tweets i've. ever seen in my life. hold on i gotta get it. i gotta get it. my dude i can't even believe how funny. this tweet is hold. on let me get it. i sent it to. these guys um you you googled it. that can't be real right. here it is here it. is at the beach where the hoes. at cocki want boing. boing dude and the guy literally i'm being serious. this this is the way. i think satan looks that's why. are his eyes black. he looks like on his on his downtime he just he he'll be talking and then you'll be and then you think you're talking to. him and then all of a sudden he'll just and you say what. and he says nothing sorry. dude that is crazy that is a crazy. look also he has hair how do you if that's your face. bro who is this guy. cocky w boing boing. is crazy to. say and i love that. i'm going to say. that to my wife. sweetie cocki wamp boing boing. sweetie cocki wamp boing boing. there was a part in um in uh in a yellowstone where the where the lady. where the wife said to. him like come here [ __ ] me. and i go ew that's so gross. to like be like that and she was like you would have done. it and i'm like nah i mean. yeah but like it's still grow. like i and in 2015 but like it's gross. because like to be to. be like yeah come here. [ __ ] me you know she agreed. it was gross. but then it's like i think i i i found i i think i know. you know what i want you. to do guys you got a girlfriend. you got a wife i want. somebody to report back. to me i actually know the worst. thing you can say during sex. um i know the worst thing you could say. during sex i actually know it. i thought about it last. night with my with my wife. and i said it to. her and she laughed like hell. and i and and i think it's the worst. thing you could pos. possibly say during sex i think the worst. thing you could say during sex. is when you're having sex. right as you're about to. arrive you know what i'm. talking about when you're about to. get to that top moment. that top note right. you the top moment. you say you say oh no. oh gosh here comes. a boston cream by and then right. as you're about right as you're you know. arriving say park the [laughter]. car you oh no baby. here comes the boston cream pie. park the my [laughter] it's the worst. it would be i challenge you to. find the worst thing to. say when you're making [laughter]. love oh no here comes. a boston cream cream pie. ah time to park. the car the hav y. while your whole body shakes. dude oh my god someone do it. and report back i swear. to god i swear to. god that is a [ __ ] i know you're laughing i know you're laughing you got to. be laughing at that dude. if i did that i've never done. anything like that oh man. i should have surprised her. oh maybe i well no i already told her. about it that's so stupid. dude ew you know a lot. of things sound gross. when you think about it. sexually and then when you're doing sex. it doesn't seem gross. anymore what's up with that dude. that's crazy to think about like. calling it like you know. what actually i'm just going. to stop talking about this. because that's disgusting. but anyway you think this guy is attractive. he looks like he would be in that. show uh with the with the vampires. um on fx with uh kevin durand and um the what. the [ __ ] it called something with an s no um vampire movie uh show fx the strain hell yeah dude the strain [music] uh bro. this is my favorite leonardo. dicaprio is going to. play frank sinatra and martin. scures is going to direct him. and in a biopic or as krist would say biopic which i just you know. paka but leonardo dicaprio couldn't. i have to you know. what you know what here's what i think. it's gonna be so bad. that's it i think it's going. to be so bad i love. martin scorsese leonardo caprio's fine. actor i think this is the one. that's just going to. be okay no we can't anymore. right he might as well be playing an frank. it's just too much to. think of leonardo caprio. just start spreading the news. i mean think about leonardo. caprio just wanna be a part of it. think about leo dicaprio your martin. scorcia i know you like working with l. dicaprio but cast someone you know. who you got to. cast the dopest british. actor of all time you know. and but no one knows and no one knows a theater. guy and you're like and and and you and you see the movie. and you're like that was good. that guy must have grew up. in the bronx and they're like nope. manchester liverpool it's going to. be so bad start spreading the news. it's so weird leonard di caprio. is playing frank sinatra bro. that's so like leonardo dicaprio. in denzel washington the movie. leonardo dicaprio in denzel washington as denzel. and denzel washington's in it. too but he plays. someone else bro kid cudy diving in stage. coach and breaking his ankle breaking. his foot i feel like stage diving is so [ __ ] it's the kind of thing. it's like playing football without. helmets anymore like we know. don't do it but sometimes. the music gets you right. the music just gets you doesn't it. and you got to. just stage dive although if you're rapping. you don't have to. stage dive you have to. stage dive if you're like top. or like rid gets machine. cuz kid cy uh this is what happens. when a 40year old man. tries to prance around. off stage like he's 26 [music]. wow i feel good i'm 44. i feel good dude it's good. that this is taking so long. not great all right. here we go kid cy. [music] i mean the way. he's even o oh [ __ ] i mean just the way. he's even doing it. oh [ __ ] with the with that song. you know oh dude the the way. he's you can tell i never seen. somebody obviously going to. hurt themselves more with the pre amble to. the jump than this. i can't even he why is he walking. like he's 60 that is so look at this. okay now all right. all right now all right. now like that's how we the [ __ ] [ __ ] oh that sucks he broke his [ __ ] foot that sucks. i'd be so mad i'd quit. music that'd be it god. these concerts are so. stupid huh look how dumb it. looks from this angle just so echo and [ __ ] and everyone's just like like look just no regard for the health get up. you got this [ __ ] and then that you know the tmz [ __ ] thing god that sucks [music]. dude i met kid. kotti once what the hell. where was that from new. mexico is where it all stop stop click off click. off um i uh met kid. cy how did i meet him was he in that. movie need for speed with aaron paul. never tell somebody everything. you may be educating an enemy. oh that's for sure something mike. tyson said fabricio brienza again. always too long. after afterwards i love i. love when guys wear jackets like their capes like when they don't put their arms in it. and they just walk around. like their [ __ ] superman i have to. start doing that a lot. more wow this is hilarious. never tell somebody everything. you may be educating an enemy. him talking like that makes me. hungry somebody said never let your enemies. dress you oh somebody said what's with all. the hate yeah dude. i got news for you. that's the internet bro. that's what i'm saying if marlon brandle was around. in the in back when twitter was. on if twitter was back. was around back when marl brena was famous. that's the thing you don't think. about this [ __ ] right like harrison ford. you're like oh everyone loves harrison. ford no they didn't there. were people literally in their basements like [ __ ] harrison ford. but had no keyboard you. know and now it's just oh hey i got a keyboard. [ __ ] harrison ford. [ __ ] all of them god. damn it should we really have it. should we really i go. on twitter i went on. twitter for the first time in a long. time everything's porn dude you go on. twitter elon musk will. tweet about a rocket. and then a girl will be under it. saying want to. feel my [ __ ] i don't want to. see either of these tweets i. want to see one. of them but it's just like what. is all the porn on twitter. and people use twitter huh. i i i started doing uh uh threads. and it's you know it's still a lot. of toxicity in our city in our city. but it's not it's not there's no porn. on it you know. cuz facebook owns it mark zuckerberg dude. um all right that's good. for now i appreciate you. guys um and uh thanks very much. that's it for the episode if you want. to get the rest of episode. go to you go to. that's it for the episode if you want. to go to get the rest. of the episode the uncut uncensored extended episode. go on over to patreon dot com. christalia and you can also get uh the brian. ken episode that we did. last time you can get that. on our it's on our patreon. and a bunch of other stuff. on our patreon and every month. we do an extra show. on patreon so go. check it out thanks. [music] fucku [ __ ] fu [music]. 