 [music] runk all right here we go. it's episode three something something of [music]. congratulations dude you know what's up. man you know what straight up. up is that my shoulder. hurts my back hurts in two. different places i'm just crazy. good dude i'm i'm just crazy good. i'm 40 i mean i'm every bit of 44. i i mean just it. just got me age. just got me um and i just am old i guess. but i'm not though right. i'm in my 40s that's not. old you know what i try. to do i try to. like think about uh because i think about when i was like 10. i'm like what's old and i'm like 30. is forget it but then you get to. be 30 you're like this. isn't old and you keep going. and going and as you keep going. you're like this isn't old so i'm trying. to be like what's actually old you know. and i think i'm going. to put it to. 70 i think 65 and up. maybe but then i know i'm going. to be 65 see my thing. is i think it just happens. i think it just happens. one day you just wake up. and you go oh wait. oh i can't really move. around like i used to. but i was doing pistol squats. at the gym today. with weight and um yeah dude. somebody said hey how old are you. chris i said 44 and he said and he said jesus. wow and i was like oh yeah i mean yeah i'm flexible. you know i i got to. keep it going and he was like w. that's really good for your age. and i'm like oh man. i'm one of those guys. that people are saying that's good. for your age now you. know and i'm eating health i'm trying. to pro but i i was thinking like today. i was thinking actually what is the like if you okay. so how many years what's the cut off. with like say you could live cuz my buddy. was telling me that his. like grandma was 107 and she's still alive. and i was like oh that's she's the oldest person in the world. you know and then um congratulations. you have the oldest person in the world. in your family so it's just like at what age. are you just like oh come on dude. let's try this death thing. out and i get it you're dead. longer than you are alive. so might as well ride the life. thing out might as well. ride it out you know. like even people who do slew. side which you know. i've been there i've thought about it. and it's just like i'm like well maybe that's the point. of life though just to. survive the pain starting. off starting off on a nice. note but i didn't mean. to but i'm just like at what point. would you like okay having a dope. body right male or female. probably female is way different than male. but if you're a male having a dope. body like a forget about a body. a body where you're just like holy. holy christ look at that. guy you you see him. at the gym and you're like did. they make you here like that. kind of guy you know. uh that kind of guy. with that body how many years. off your life would you shave to. have that body like let's say. you're going to live. to be 80. would you rather live with a dope. body as 70. years and now think about what that. means it's not you know. people like oh that's vain but it's not just about being a vain it's about moving. around it's about feeling healthy. it's about you know. you get to splurt a. lot more that's for sure. you get to meet you know. you get to meet women. and you get to. splurt a lot more that's for sure. you know so and you also get to. eat more things that you want. to right because if you're a fat piece then you can't. right so say you're a fat. piece of and you would live to. be 80 but that's 10. years 10 years. a long time i don't know what i would pick. i think i might pick good. body dude oh he's vain but it's not because i'm vain it's because i want to. jump around dude i want to. move around but i don't know. though man maybe you get the 70. you're like wasn't worth it. i'd rather be a fat [music]. piece so 80 i get 10. more years that's a long. time anyway dude uh it is what it. is you know and we're we're hanging i'm going. to be i added. a show in brisbane uh australia. so i added a show. so there you go. so uh cuz it's it's selling. out so uh you know the um the show in brisbane. is selling out and then uh that's what's up. in australia so it'll be fun. oh good oh good i tried. to go to my own. website and i wrote cca dot com. how come i never thought. of about that before. that's kind of interesting cia. um but yeah i'm also going. to be doing irvine. in may 31st and june 1st. but i will be in charleston west virginia. and chattanooga may 25th. uh and de moine for some. reason uh green bay going to. be in green bay and then a bunch of places. and then listen guys i'm coming. to oakland new zealand. all right i get people under my every australian post i do. they say dude you really should come. to new zealand please. going to be there. dude i'll be in auckland all right. i'll be in auckland h. and then oxnard california. de moine has got to. be the most i i've been there. before i know i i never know. where i've been or not. i played st petersburg in florida. they call it st pete uh which i don't know. how i feel about that. but i was walking around. and it's kind of almost like a little island. it's not it's not it's a technically. i guess a peninsula right. but uh and it's it's it's kind of the tampa market a little bit. you know my tour. manager will be like it's not tampa we could play tampa and i'm like i love tampa i want to. play tampa he's like well. we'll do that but we got the st. pete one so let's do st. pete we'll do tampa later and i'm like okay. and then i get there and everyone's like dude. can't believe you came to. tampa and i'm like it counts. it counts dude it counts. for the tampa count and now i'm not. going to sell as many. tickets in tampa and that's fine. i guess because you know. oh let me actually address. something here all right. i i was in st. pete and i the the the cap on that. is like 1,700 the seats. right now i i don't i think i sold. about 16 like 60. seats so let let me uh let me let me just break it. down for you i i i'd say there's a grace. there's a grace that comedians get where you. could say you sold it. out right like if you're if you're just shy. 40 tickets or 50 tickets. or whatever even depending on. the how big the venue. is 100 tickets you. can get away with yo sold. out right i technically i didn't sell it. out but a lot of those seats. are single seats and a lot. of those seats are shitty. obstructed view seats or in the back. and there are a lot. of people who would want to. go see a show that think yeah but i don't want. to sit in the back. and watch it so i'll wait till he comes. next time or whatever. okay so i i'm fine. with comedians say saying hey hey sold it out. if they're shy a few seats. and and depending on how big the thing. is you know you're playing 20,000. if you if there's 500 seats left. just say you sold it. out that's fine i don't care. that that's impressive you. know what i got to. hand it to. you right but we are living in a in an epidemic. of times about comedians just straight. up lying about selling out. they're lying dude and there's not and there. and there's many a bunch of comedians are lying. about it and i'm talking about there. are thousands from selling out. what whatever it is. like i don't know just pick. one say say a big venue. like the garden or or your medicine. square garden or or or whatever it is they're lying. they're lying and it's wild. because who you doing it. for who gives a [ __ ] you sell 16,000. tickets that's a lot if they just made the place. a little bit smaller you sold out. but these and i and i i'm not going to. name who they are and it might not even. be who you're thinking of but like i see. this i'll go on and i'll be like this. dude said sold out. and then i'll hit up. somebody in the industry i'll be like did it. really sell out and they be like no not even. close why are you doing it. i guess it's all about perception. but it's not though dude. it's about being the real. you dude it's about being the real. you till you die. dude we listen to. tupac we listen. to tupac i used to. be so obsessed with being real when i was 16. and that's nothing just saying you're real. is really nothing you know. um so yeah anyway um i had a great. time in st petersburg it was. pretty much sold out it. was sold out you know i don't know i don't even i honestly. don't even know if there. were some seats left. i couldn't see it's too. far back and um my buddy. steve simone opened for me. i should say he featured. for me uh he's so awesome. it was so awesome. to see him you got to. give him a follow his special is going. to come out at some point. soon i think but the guy is just super funny. and super different i love i love it. i love it um you know. i do have other things to. talk about but then also it's like i want to. be funny and the things that i i really want to. talk about are just like more like not funny. things but i'm just like maybe i should just do it. dude you know what i'm going. to do it this. is the feelgood episode. i don't give a [ __ ] there's a dude. um who is the uh who's a wrestler. and and and he's awesome. and his name is um uh let me. find it tommy invincible not his real. name of and so and of course name. him so he's a uh wrestler. an independent wrestler and is it. on here okay uh okay here it. is and i went to. go play it and i didn't i don't know if it went viral. or not but uh this is i can't. stop thinking about this video. it's so awesome okay now it's a an independent. by the way independent wrestling. has got to be [ __ ] insane. you know like they don't like you watch wwe. is crazy enough independent wrestling. where so few people give a [ __ ] about it. they just go for they'll be like here it. is here we go. oh oh and off the robes. uhoh oh uh oh what's this. a hot poker oh no. into his anus. oh no he's going to. have to go to. the doctor wait wait a minute. he's gotten up here he is. oh go wait a minute. hold on what what's this. he's got a bazooka oh no. he's a it right. for his head oh he pulled. the trigger oh his head. blew up oh wa wait. a minute wait a minute. he's getting up you know. it's just like crazy and i have no. i have no i have no interest. in wrestling you know. i just have zero interest. in wrestling like i won't even put on that. iron claw movie that's how much. no interest i don't have. you know and i'm sure it's a great. movie i must watch it. on the plane the other day. but instead i watch night swim terrible. and so i i put on the uh uh i was i almost watched. it but i didn't but so it's a good. story so so i'm watching this. thing i come across this. this video of a guy. doing independent wrestling and i'll just play the video it's my first inclination. was to be like wow. this is sad but it so was not sad. and the opposite of sad. and awesome and it was all because of this. guy and when i hear people like complain about their jobs and when i hear people. talk about how you know. their life sucks and how they got the short. end of the stick. and how they're like oh man. i'm not where i want to. be or where i you know. i it's easy to. get wrapped up in that. and to be like yeah i should have gotten this. i should have gotten that and then you see. a guy like this. just take that and dump it on its head. and you're like wow this. guy is the guy look i'm going. to play this video invincible people the weighing in at 26b heils. from the br look at [music]. this bro there's eight people. there and he's going to. wrestle look at listen. the claps and look he's pointing to. people like they don't they don't and look look there's like six kids. and they go to. they made these kids day. and just slap each one. of their hands and then does his tommy invincible tommy invincible thing. and then gets up on the thing. and then poses like there's 5,000 people in the audience. dude that's so well i saw this. and d i'm telling you i couldn't stop thinking about it. and then he goes in the ring. he's like let's go and i left. a comment because this guy is you know. he doesn't have many followers but i left a comment cuz i'm like i don't know i said this is awesome. i've done shows for even less people than this. in the beginning of my career. and always tried to. give it my all just like you're doing. got to start. from somewhere seeing this video really brought me. back a lot of great me. brought brought back a lot. of great memories for me. thank you for sharing this. as your audience grows is. definitely cool fun and wild. even so i can honestly. say it never gets better. than this you're really fortunate to. have those moments good luck. to you dude and it's true. it never gets better. and it's sad it's sad. but it's also happy dude. it never gets better. dude it's just it's it's what a life. is what you make it. dude hey it's corny but sometimes sayings are true. yay but it is what you make it. dude you didn't you you don't have to. work out you get to. do you know what i'm saying. life is what you made. wait now look that's not to. say people who wake up in the morning. they're like another day of god's green. earth breathing air. hey i'm above ground. aren't i they are annoying. but still dude it also kind of makes sense. life is totally what you make it. you know it's not even about. the things that you're doing that. make life good what the the [ __ ] but the things you do can make life so [ __ ] toxic and bad but dude all it takes is 20 minutes to. absolutely ruin your life and but i would tell. you this though dude. it's unbelievable that life. is what you make it. dude and you realize that. through tommy invincible and that is fantastic. i you know when i i get it. get it pisses me. when i see people say. i needed to. see this today dude. i'm like nah bro be in control. of your domain be in control. of your element be in control. but i'm like i saw that. i'm like i needed to. see it dude cuz i'm like so fortunate and this dude is giving it his all and he's making those kids. days and i you know like i i was at a show. i did a show and uh my tour. manager was like dude there's this one couple that can't make it because their dad had to. go to the hospital they had cancer. or whatever and uh so they're not going. to make it and uh they they wanted they i don't know i got word. through the venue so i sent. them a video like hey guys i'm sorry. you can't make it it's that. and so uh and then i i just i hope that they're happy. about that like i hope i hope. that um you know i i making people feel. good is is is is so nice dude. it's so nice and there's people out there. that just don't do it. and honestly i've i've been there. too where i'm just like [ __ ] this [ __ ] you catches you got to. catch yourself right cu you see those movies where you're like where they're like no no matter what. i'm not like you i won't stoop to. your level and every movie i see like that i'm like bro. stoop to his level shoot him. hey stoop to his level. ah stoop to his level. hey punch him in the face. right nah you know. those movies a lot. of them are are racism. movies you know that take place. in like the 50s and they're just like and they and they just like remember you just got to. turn the other cheek. and i'm just like nah don't turn the other cheek. [ __ ] him up dude [ __ ] him up right and uh but my god that was awesome it was awesome so we're all fortunate if we realize it right why because we're just like those annoying. dudes hey above ground happy. to be be hey still breathing. hey another day above ground. right nah but don't say it. uh what is this jerry seinfeld. apologizes for sexual undertones what in b. movie skip ad you know uh during duke. commencement dress but i would not change it. back paddling um guys i'm so sorry. would you change it uh no no. despite many walking out on jerry. s's duke commencement address the standup. comedian these articles dude still delivered his speech. and apologize for the sexual. like what is what is this. sentence what is this first. the first sentence in this. article let's let's read this. first sentence in this. article dude despite many first of all. you know if an article starts. with despite the whoever the subject. is they're going to. be ra raked over. the kls right so like despite walking. out on jerry seinfeld's duke. commencement address the standup. comedian still delivered his speech. and apologized for the sexual. undertones in b movie now look okay. let's just look this up. here okay when did be movie come out. hm 2007 all right. so that's near 20. years ago dude that's 15. years ago okay so why is a first sentence. in any article referencing b movie yeah. even if jerry c was. hey dude you know what i'll tell you this. much i've heard about the movie b. movie too much in my life. too much in my life. it's it's not a movie that you. should hear about as much. as you hear about and that's as much. and and i'm telling you man. i swear to. god i hear about the movie. be movie so much it's so it it. was 15 years ago. it's a cartoon movie about to. be and i know some of you are. sitting at home and you're just like oh dude. yeah but i never hear. about be movie but okay fine but you know. there's that thing in your life. that you hear about too. much that you shouldn't this. is not for me. be movie is just i hear. about it too much. and you know what dude. i hear about jerry too much. okay and i'm i don't i don't dislike jereld i think it's [ __ ] is funny. why i i keep hearing. about him dude it's unbelievable. they want to. get him so bad they want. to get him so bad jerry. is a [ __ ] i i love it he'll do an interview he like no you know you know they'll ask him. something and they think they get him. they're like well he can't. say no this and i'll just be like no. i've got a billion dollars. i did beov movie look he said. i made a cartoon movie about bees. you may have watched as a child. he said if any of you felt. slightly uncomfortable with about the sexual. undertones in the relationship between the barry. the bee and vanessa the florist who saves. his life i would like to. apologize for that now s contin i may. not have calibrated that perfectly. but i would not change it. you know hey what the [ __ ] was this. nominated for academy awards. did i was i sleeping in 2007. you know that like okay. what why is this an article why. is there an article about jerry. seinfeld giving a college. commencement speech and picking out. the fact that he talked about a movie. 15 years ago hey ryer you doing. dude what is bro what did. the editor is like i got something. the ed's like what all right. so look i listened to. jerry now look they're on him. because he's got he's got that. movie that came out the fro unfrosted. or whatever dude it's so funny. they'll make movies of of of just like businesses. starting that's how that's how [ __ ] dire hollywood is like oh yeah [ __ ] make oh yeah how blackberry okay oh dude they made a movie about how uber started oh that's passenger pickup they made a movie about a company that started uh uh uh that picks people up from the airport hey boring oh but get joseph gordon lev in it hey extra boring you know what i'm talking about dude unbel oh dude blackberry oh but what is it oh it's the dude it's not even the phone we're [ __ ] interested in is it even around anymore. they made a movie about bbm. hey hey dude oh but who's in it. the guy in the end of the world. movie that nobody knows boring oh who else is oh the other guy. in uh always sunny in philadelphia. which one the guy. that you don't think about boring. and i don't know knock on them. i'm sure glenn what's his name. he's good he's great and he looked good. but i don't i don't want any i don't like any movie where they do. makeup and put a bald. cap on like they got to. put teeth in and [ __ ] bro when i get back into. hollywood i'm playing an asian and i'm playing depending on. what happen i'm playing a different. age than i am and i'm not doing any any makeup. and i am being so dope. at it and that's what's going. to it's going to. cause such conf controversy but i'm be. asian i'm just going to. kind of like feel asian and people are going. be like whoa dude. he really does though capture. that asianist and there's even going. to be so few asian. actors that are like yeah a little bit i did. and then other asian actors are going. to be like you got to. stand up against he played asian guy. he shouldn't have played the asian. guy you know it's uh it's cultural. appropriation and it's he's he's taking these roles from us. and then other people are going like yeah. but he really did do a good. job and they're going to. be like yeah but if you it. doesn't even matter if you think that if you say it. out loud uh you know it's going to. be less jobs for for all. of us so so just lie. and say the thing and it's going. to be like a whole thing. dude you know we going to. react out of fear that's all. they do is react. out of fear if scared of everything. but you know i mean. it is what it is but i'm just like dude. an article about be an article about an article about be. movie dude brother an article about a [ __ ] cartoon b dude that that isn't no brother i don't know maybe i'm talking about this for too long but that's kind of like what i do is talk too much. about something and that's wild. never seen be movie love. be movies though he says the slightly uncomfortable. feeling of awkward humor is. okay he said it's not something. you need to. fix man seinfeld be talking about. comedy a lot huh. i don't like when anyone talk. talks about comedy too much. you know look you want to. be somebody in a hallway. talk to me about co. comedy all right i'm game. you know if it's late at night. at fred 62 and we're both. eating a hamburger and you want. to just spark a conversation about comedy. okay but the second the second you dress. nice and put cameras around. and start talking about comedy. brother no it's just i don't you know. it's really funny man. the comments and stuff. too like they it used. to bother me like online like people be like this is so not funny. this is so terrible. you're terrible where's the joke. and i i used to. get upset i i i don't i've divorced. myself from that so much. that i it doesn't matter. anymore i don't get upset. cuz it's like dude there isn't somebody that everybody. thinks is funny every it's all subjective. so who cares you know. it's like a dude being pissed off. that a chick doesn't like him. and it's like dude what' you think they were all. going to like you also you know. they don't even like guys. they just like are like around. him enough and they're like i know him. and then they just like that's how women. kind of they end up. having sex you end up having sex. with each other because you're just around. but then it's not always the case. you know some dudes look real dope. or some just got that stuff. about him you know. like that thing like pete. davidson has you know but i'm just like aiden. um what is this oh. dude oh bro i bro. this guy look i'm not i don't condone violence. um i don't i'm not mad. this guy has to. be trolling but i think maybe he's not okay. so let's just watch this. video um and it's it's it's crazy. okay this first of all this. is a podcast for someone. i guess i don't know dude. don't have there there needs. to be somebody that are is. like in control of podcasting. and just says hey hey dude enough. it's 2024 if you don't have a podcast. by now you don't get one you could argue that if you're too young. to have one then maybe when you grow up. you could have one maybe but more people have to. die with podcasts and then you like there's just too many. there's podcasts about podcasts. you know there's podcast about tv shows. like there's podcast like that [ __ ] one that they have about the office. and the one that they have about uh scrubs have. one about bovie have. one about bovie and the sexual. undertones here we go i walk. in the room today and i swear to. god i walk in my room. and she's sitting there reading the bible. and she's hot as [ __ ] tight. waist 105 lb disrespect beautiful face. and bro i just shut the bible. snake that's ass sal put the bible. down dude putting shutting a woman's bible. when she's reading it is assault. you go straight to hell. you don't go to. jail you go straight to. hell you go to. when you die god goes. like this okay and s go. like this another one. threw on the bed. ripped her clothes off started. [ __ ] going at it dude. bad guy um you know. but super hot chick oh yeah. okay beautiful girl very feminine. very sweet you know. but it's almost like she's too vanilla. it's just not exciting she's like a very wholesome. stable girl type of girl. you want to. knock up low body count. like third guy she ever. been with very wholesome not. a [ __ ] doesn't dude she's been to. the club five times three the times. were're with me right she's not a hoe. just stays at home studies. learning to. be a doctor kind of bored. kind of bored dude. oh dude this [ __ ] man kind of bored. kind of bored dude. [ __ ] the [ __ ] ever close the bible. [ __ ] the [ __ ] ever you know she's great but you know kind of bored kind of bored. like yo dude guys like this. are fantastic because they cry. so much you know or they don't cry. but they get cancer. at like 60 and it's so horrible. the kind where they're just [music]. like you know and nobody visit them. and they tricked themselves. into thinking that it's okay. dude this was it though. if they had it like me. they would have lived like me. you know um had so much. pain in his childhood. but so it's just i don't i put the bible. down and ripped her clothes. off hey a sin hey two [laughter]. sins two sins hey two sin dude. committed nine sins bro. now who's like devout christian i walked. in the room the day. and i swear to. god i walk in my room. dude okay first of all i walk in my room. he says why is there. a chick reading the bible. in your room i have had multiple rooms. and as a matter of fact. i've had multiple bedrooms i've had multiple uh rooms. living rooms i i've had houses. hey you know what there's never a chick. reading the bible all right now if you're religious and you want to. read the bible go for. it okay but if you're some guy. like this guy and some like you don't have a did she bring it. over the whole thing's weird. and she's sitting there reading the bible. and she's hot as [ __ ] tight. waist 105 pound he's acting like this. chick was just at his house. reading the bible and he was like wait a minute. she's so hot dude beautiful face. and bro i just shut the bible. put the bible down threw her. on the bed ripped her. clothes off started [ __ ] going at it. you know but super hot chick beautiful. girl very feminine very sweet. you know but it's almost like she's too vanilla. it's just not exciting she's like very wholesome. stable girl type of girl. you want to. knock up low body count. i'm like the third guy she's ever. been with here's the thing i don't i don't. buy and i don't like and i would never be like this. because it's so [ __ ] to. be like this okay and and and so many people disagree with me. this is a hot take. this is what they call. hot takes okay it's hot. take chris dude having someone that you love. with a low body count. because you need them. to not have been with many. guys a you're a [ __ ] i don't care. i don't care if a woman. has a low body count. or a high body. count also stop calling it a body count like your jason vorhees. hey dude you you just you you know. you sucked a bunch of [ __ ] and put them in your vagina. you know and and don't say body c. a navy seal all. right so like hey dude it doesn't matter. if your wife has slept with five. guys [laughter] or it. doesn't matter if your wife has slept with five guys. or 80 who cares. as a matter of fact. you could argue that if your wife has slept. with more guys then she's with you because she likes you. and not because she doesn't know. about things oh dude. he figured it out. i don't want dude. do i want a woman who's been with one. or two men what are you out. of your mind do i want. a woman with do i want a woman with 40. with 40 dudes under her [music]. belt yes dude do i want a woman. who slept with only three dudes what's that brother. or do i want a woman. who's been experienced lay down the law. with a bunch of dudes so i know that she's with me because she likes me. bro it's it's just it's insane. to want to. be with a woman with a low. body count i get it. dude i get it. she's not promiscuous i get it. she's got a less chance cheating. on you but yo bro. lock it down be cool. as [ __ ] be cool as [ __ ] any she cheats on you it's not your fault dude be cool as [ __ ] life is what j make it dude i just you know if it's like it's interesting to. think about but it is crazy. to be like you know. this guy's just kind of following. the footsteps of um andrew tate. right but this is a seeking. success podcast it's called. this is this what guys on and there's a few of these guys. there's a few there's this guy with the is. this the same one imagine you work. your ass off for 15. years build an empire. then when you sign. a piece of paper i. i i dude guys who talk about building. an empire it's like hey it's not the year. 800 hey it's not the year. 1200 hey you're in america there's no empire. dude put a helmet on. then hey put a helmet put a helmet with horns. on then dude or or don't talk. to me bro. if you're talking about building. an empire and you just have like a chain. of shops of like mattresses dude. hey dude put a helmet with. horns on dude it's crazy. that's some [ __ ] hoe hold on let's watch it. again bro imagine years. build an empire then. when you sign a piece of paper. that's some [ __ ] hoe you half. your assets what the [ __ ] that's [ __ ] i mean they make prenups too nowadays prenups. don't help you bro. i mean i i love that. you know what i got to. hand it to. this guy i love the absoluteness. in his voice doesn't not know. about anything that i and i'm not [ __ ] talking this dude. i there has to. be all sorts of people. and this is one. of them oh trust me. oh trust me never been. married 8 21 you know. i see it every single day. where i have client calls from dudes. all over america all over north america. all over western society england. australia canada i mean how many clients. does this guy have what does. he do dude mars antarctica. i have some penguin clients. states wherever and these guys. will have prenups and their exwife. will [ __ ] still take half. their [ __ ] and the kids and the house. i mean just so miserable this guy. it's just like you know i guess. pretty much are probably an illusion. but who cares you know. maybe not i don't know it's just like what. the [ __ ] what is what is this. who's listening to. oh man i love guys. that are listening to. this they're just like [ __ ] yeah dude oh wait let's see more more of this guy just f. it's is fantastic. what's up babe it's hot. as sh in here i don't. swear so but it's so hot. okay you can open. it up yeah if if he's upstairs yeah. ah here's another one of this. guy oh look at this. oh it's great oh it's great. okay wait hold on here's a here's great. this's great smash as many. wom as possible to get as much. experience as possible yeah hook up. with as many girls as possible. tear it up i mean. you know you know what i mean. have as much fun hey hey dude we get it. [ __ ] as many hoes as possible. uh tear it up. have sex with as many women. as possible you know uh insert your penis. in a bunch of different. vaginas uh absolutely have romantic uh uh connections. with a bunch of different. women as much you can uh meet women. and lay them down. horizontally and and you slip. yourself inside them. and with as much as women. as much as you can uh yeah. dude we get it. a conceptual respectful. way ah i can't leave that out in the best. way possible okay has no idea. what as honest open. as you can i'm pretty honest. with random [ __ ] oh dude i'm pretty honest. with random [ __ ] dude so twisted hasn't. talked to his mom. in 5 years um dude. i i be the club i'll tell girls. have three girlfriends dude this guy is hey what's up. what's up just [ __ ] nelly on the [ __ ] yeah what's up dude awesome yeah i have three [ __ ] and anyway what's your name where you going i'll be the club and i'll tell [ __ ] from the getgo that hey hey what's up i have three girlfriends what's up what's your name multiple girlfriends hey i have multiple girlfriends what's your name and it's almost like they were respect honesty and they want to. [ __ ] me dude. they they might respect the honesty but they don't want. to [ __ ] you they can see the other guy the other guy yeah they can see there's like no [ __ ] in the armor they. can see like the they can see i don't give a [ __ ] yeah. i mean it makes me. like a chase cuz like i don't care. wow i love it uh like imagine being at the club. period that's it that's the end of the thought imagine being at the club imagine being at the club do. you guys go to. the club do i have listeners here that go. to the club hey get out. of the club you know hey what. are you doing it's too. loud it's it you know. unless you're off your ass okay. i get it but if you're not if you're just kind of drunk. at the club hey go home. hey you're not doing it. right go unless you're not i think if you're the kind of guy. that wakes up and you think where am i then you. go to the club but if you're just a guy. that's like let's go to. the club dude wow that's crazy. it's so crazy i used to. go to the club dude. d when i was 22. i had the coolest shirts. i had the coolest [ __ ]. shirts bro i i'm talking about shirts. that you'd get like on melrose. just like short sleeve. blue shirts that had like also a mock turtleneck for no reason. like crazy cool shirts you feel the fabric. and you're like what even. is this because it's not good. it's cheap you know and you're like is. this this is the same fabric. they make straw hats. out of you know but it's not straw. what is this [ __ ] and you go fill up. your car first you know. you go fill up your car. first before the club in that [ __ ] stupid [laughter] outfit jesus. christ who's that guy filling up his car in a in a short sleeve. mock turtleneck with gel in. his hair where's he going he's going to. the palace in pasadena or whereever the [ __ ] it is i don't. know that's probably a club i can't remember i just i you. know i i can't believe how much. um pe people talk about dude. it's so weird that like have you ever. seen a movie a superman. movie with henry caville uh it's boring. okay uh uh it's tough to. make a a good superman movie. because um superman is [ __ ] boring. oh [ __ ] oh you said it he said it dude. oh [ __ ] dude hey dude superman's okay all right we got to. go pack up let's pack up. dude he's he's and i'm not saying he's not noble. he's not cool truth. justice of the american way. all right great but dude. making superman movies they're boring. all right we got to. go we're packing it up. dude he got it he said it. he he got it here let's go. home come on guys here we go. get it get everything get everything. pack it up go we got it. get the altoids it's just like come on man. and then you get henry. caville to play super. who's just like a guy you would see. at the gym dude. which is fine dude handsome. all great and i'm he's not a bad actor no. dude he is not a bad actor and and a lot. of people think i'm a dick. on my podcast because i'm talking [ __ ] bro you don't understand. okay i'm not a dick. i'm not being a dick. about this henry cav is superman. is a recipe for boringness. okay get a cool get a [ __ ] weird you know what movie would rip for real. william defo is superman i don't. give a [ __ ] now too what is. he 80 make him. superman now just like this always like this. flying and [ __ ] just for real or or straight up uh you know uh i don't know always [ __ ] boring [ __ ] to. be i think nick cage. and i was like no way. not nick cage yes. nick cage are you. kidding me with the eye. beams just like with the eye. beams just are you kidding. me that would be so dope. that would be that would be so [ __ ] good yay i can't stand. the boring [ __ ] who play superman and then no matter who plays superman and no matter who plays whatever if they do it for a few times there's always the people that they can't keep doing it like it's going to. happen with daniel craig. when he stops being james bond the next one. nah nah henry cav superman. i don't care period. h nah like who the [ __ ] look at this henry c was and remains the best superman ever another person. says henry caville will always be my superman. look at this one. sorry no henry cav is superman. not this guy with the padding. suit this is on james. gun's new pe people are asd this. is on james gunn's new uh photo. of that he posted on instagram. of new superman movie. and and and and they're just saying that. because they they've seen it. you know real real dumbo. [ __ ] they've just seen it too much. to be able to. be like not that's the guy. though that plays superman are you going. to have a different day. to that can i have some pizza dude. you just saw a guy do it. too much also don't type that. out and put it on a public. for a a because just it's just a movie. superman and it's boring superman has to. be all good and [ __ ] superman's one of those guys that are like oh no i can't stoop to. their level uh sto to. the level saw all their heads. off with your eye. beams batman doesn't kill people. batman hey batman kill. people yeah choking till he dies. i kill people now. poison rubbing it on their m. lips lightly oh my god what is that it's poison. you didn't really get in myth. mouth it doesn't matter it's so toxic. what about are you. going to have to. wash your hands after this. yes because just in case. i can't get it in my my the only thing. that's exposed in my in my armor. is is my is my mouth. [music] anyway ah [ __ ] yeah dude i want batman to. be a [ __ ] menace killer. i want superman to. be freddy krueger i want freddy. krueger to play superman i want. freddy krueger the character. to play superman that's what i want. that's what i want dude. then i will watch it. [ __ ] all these crossovers people are so into. like oh crossovers oh they're gonna put gi. joe with transformers dude nah hey make i'm not into. crossover [ __ ] all right. make until someone makes for real freddy. krueger superman or or somebody makes honestly jiminy. cricket batman like and he's batman. the character and it's a cartoon only the jimy cricket. part batman part everyone else. is regular like you still have. [ __ ] uh aaron art in it you still have uh you know uh what the [ __ ] am i saying so anyway he posted a thing get ready superman 7eleven 2 i love when movies are like the bigger the movie like you're people are going to. like die before this. movie comes out you know they're just like hey guess what we're making what we're making superman. oh yeah when's it come out. oh dude june really. that's a month away. 2035 what why how come it's just the way. it's slated just the way. it's slated and then it's um you know. it's a dc movie. got a bunch of other dc. movies this one's coming out. also going to be a lot. of cgi and we're waiting for the technology. to happen to. where we could actually not. we don't have to. use actor for everything so we're gna wait. it's g to. come out 25. oh it's a big movie superman. yeah m we're gonna make that one. about gollum we're gonna make the spinoff. about gollum yep. can you wait for that. i can't wait well you're going. to have to. it's coming out in 2045 seriously. that's in 20 years i know. i know but what we're trying. to do is actually birth. a real golem we're trying. to have two really ugly. people mate until they make a really. small golem and then when that thing turns five we fig we get about around. 2040 when that thing turns five we're going. to start shooting we're going to. start production so that's what we're going. to do for for the go. movie oh really yeah you're gonna have to. wait uhhuh hey did you hear. about what they're making what. jesus the movie what yep. they're making it oh i can't. wait for that well you're going. to have to. it's coming out in the year. 2012 what yeah isn't that crazy. we're going to find. jesus we're going to. find jesus we're going to. find actually we're going to. go back to garden of eden we're going. to locate where it is. a lot of people think it's in israel. but but we'll go find it. and we are going jerusalem we're going. to go find it and what we're going. to do is we're going. to search all the plants. and see if we can find some sort of dna. that jesus had and then we're going to. recreate jesus then we have to. wait 33 years till he grows. up and that's when we're going to. start shooting so you have to. wait for that one jesus. jesus 32 who's going to. play them we don't know. they're not alive yet jesus. jesus is going to. play them we're going. to re we're going to. clone jesus dude that music is so dope. the batman music is so cool. try to drive to. work to it with it. your day will be so dope. you know what i'm talking. about or the terminator music. just going to. [ __ ] western bagel getting your apron on [ __ ] yeah dude what's up man [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah man can i take your order do you want to. taor him on that. oh sorry i got the wrong i thought you said everything. bagel life is what you make it dude. look at this costume looks. terrible it's not even this. isn't even it's a [ __ ] drawing right. it's a picture they took this picture [ __ ] it's photosho to. hell dude it is what's. who's the new actor david corn. sweat he says if his name is david corn. sweat i'll saw off my penis. dude david they couldn't give him the role. they couldn't give him the role. okay hold on uh superman they couldn't give him. the role if his last name. was corn sweat uh superman actor david sullivan. um corin sweat all right corin sweat. is doable if that it. is dude if that e wasn't. there bro they couldn't cast him they'd be like his name. is [ __ ] corn sweat he's not super i mean. he looks the part but [ __ ] corn sweat. all right okay we'll we'll cast them. but we have to. be careful who we cast. as the other people in the movie. cuz like we can't cast like anybody with a stupid. name after that oh we like this. guy he great what's his name. sam dick putty oh [ __ ] well i guess. we're gonna have to. pick a different zod what's the superman. music i forget dude look at how oh yeah oh yeah wait what is it. oh yeah yeah [music] boring. dude um honestly um uh did they they couldn't have picked a and i'm telling you. david corin sweat coren sweat i guarantee. he's probably good and i'm not talking. [ __ ] but dude they [ __ ] up picking him cuz he just looks too much. like he would be superman nah. bro get willam defo [ __ ] yeah for real hi lois time. for my eye beams and he doesn't even. do the lines oh my god bro. i wish they would do that. like i heard they're making a rated r ninja. turtles movie yo i'm in are you kidding. me i want to. see and i guess i guess it's only about like either michelangelo or whatever. it is i don't know. but i'm like dude i hope he takes those nunchucks. and bks people on the head. until they're so bloody i hope there's one scene where he [ __ ] like really [ __ ] up a guy and and stuff and it's like really really i teenage mutant ninja turtles teenage tin ninja turtles teenage tin ninja turtles heroes in a half. shell turtle power dude. wow that's a [ __ ] gay song huh. um anyway talking about some heroes here what's this. heroes in a half shell turtle power. they are the world's most fearsome. fighting teenage mutant ninja turtles. we go i can't. see you you can't see me. what is this here i would like to. see the sign that says no. ham we got a ham. i can't see you you can't. see me i'm not here my oh. my god this guy is in a hammock. on a bus and someone's like you can't. have the hammock on the bus dude. it's on the bus like he set it. up and he's sleeping in it. and gu's like you can't use that here like i'd like to. see the sign that says no. hammocks dude i'm in here you. can't even see me he calls. go you can't see me. oh my god oh i said oh my god yeah. i'm i won't be stopped he says dude. imagine if they crash and he just goes. straight through the window at least. he was relaxed come on just just drive. the bus everyone got places. to go i don't think we can can you get. down we get where we're he says just drive. the bus everyone's got places. to go bro. how long is he going. to be on this. bus going please what dude. please i'm staying in the ham. i'm not moving this you know what there's ac in here. get down i'm notting get down. get down wow dude. it stops such a funny part. he gets he's starting to. get out bro you can't. bring a hammock hey anywhere inside okay. got to be outside. um um that is just crazy well. i don't know you know. i guess that's good have. a good time with this. podcast today was good podcast. we didn't even stop honestly and i had no. notes dude zero um. this podcast is raw and it's what you see. is what you get you. know a lot of people are out. there they're like i got a solo podcast. you don't dude you don't you. have guests on it. this is a solo podcast. uh and i appreciate you. i'll be in australia. i'll be in de mo. i'll be in charleston west virginia. i'll be in chattanooga. i'll be in irvine. um bunch of different places. so come see me new zealand. i'll be there n island. i'll be there uh thanks a lot. guys appreciate you and that's it. for the episode if you want to. listen to the rest of the episode. uh all you got to. listen to is all you got to. do is go up on patreon. patreon dot com christalia and that's when you'll uh and you'll be able. to watch it and you'll also be able. to watch all the other extended episodes. of every version every uh of of every episode. of congratulations and the extra episode. a month only got like 3640. now go go go we got 40. up there now so go check them. out i got it's just six bucks. you go go to. patreon dot com christ. thank you you also if you do that. thanks dude because you keep this. podcast going appreciate you see. you guys [music] he 