 runk hello hello hello hello hello uh we're rolling we're rolling we're rolling rolling. rolling rolling oh keep rolling rolling rolling rolling. ohing okay cool i think that that's careful. such a nervous passenger. oh we're speeding okay. cool um dude i i don't i'm going. to laugh a lot i can feel it. i can feel the laughter. the worst psychic i can. absolutely feel the laugh the worst. fortune teller also life's. unraveling remember that dude. we haven't done life's. unraveling for a while already sweared. twice and it's been 30. seconds you always do the swear. meter on me i'm just saying. i did it once and then you did. it so it wasn't just you i did. it once i did the f. word and then you the sh. why are you counting. i'll stop now because now i'm aware. yeah i don't know because we we normally. don't and it's out of the ordinary. to do two under third. in under 30 seconds okay but anyway what were you just saying. about oh life's unraveling yeah. wow that one that's a good i guess. we haven't done that. in a bit huh. have you ever done. it on congratulations probably you've done. so many episodes you don't know. anything i'm sure i have he says no. the biggest fan there is. in the world he's seen. every episode more than um yeah. life's unraveling is uh meaning like when somebody says something. like they're trying to. convince themselves that i feel great. i love my new job. out of the blue when people say that. out of the blue life's. unraveling the best thing ever. happened to me when they get fired. oh that's the most life's. unraveling under any circumstance. if you say that's the best. thing that ever happened to. me your life's unraveling yeah. of course yeah also what's with those. super squat arrowhead i didn't put them there. uh chris did but when you hold. them it make you feel like a giant. anyway dude i will be in wait. no that phoenix was already. right yeah because it's phix uh el paso. texas albuquerque colog bc. vancouver i'm coming um rochester kitner. ontario shar port lisan houston texas corpor christie. go to chris lea dot com. i g to. do my birthday show in durham. or is that was that durham. yeah north carolina um interesting. city lineup you got there. cool places there all over. the place yeah all over the place. it's going to. be all over the place. too i'm announcing more coming. up and it's going to. be all over the place. nice i like durham you ever. been to durham yeah. i've been a dur oh okay. man relax i didn't know you mr. durham over here krist is from there. oh really yeah i mean all right. man dude why don't you chill. hey take a take a step. back take a seat i'll handle it. from here all right what. about the patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury if you're not signed up. for that you hate me. and our entire family. and you want us to. all burn painfully in hell for eternity. if you do sign up. for it you love us. so we love you. back oh wow okay patreon dot com. lifeline luxury and you can go. watch my special grow or die. at uh christ dot com. you should watch that you like laughing. you like you like life you like laughing. you should watch that like life. dude the worst pitch you like life. i got something for you. if you really like life the private. record is coming out wednesday january. 24th buckle up get ready hold on to. your butts right no uh it's coming. out first episode's dropping never hold on to. your butts be excited i'm excited. the whole world is excited join. the party submit yourself as a potential guest. at theprivate record dot com. and make sure you subscribe. on youtube why do why. do why does it do. that why do people do that. when when they're going through a list. of things like what have. you ever noticed that they talk like that. when you going to. go at when you're talking about totally why is that because that's like i do. first of all anytime anyone's on it's not a script. we're not on a script. but anytime that anybody auto. pilot exactly on autopilot with the same. words they usually say they like r. rattle it off with a certain cadence. what is that though it's always the same everyone. does it always the same. that's probably derived somehow from oldtime. radio right right right right. probably wow we got to. change it up dude. how but think about it. how merch go to. lifeline dot com lifeline merch dot com. just change it up. dude go to the private. record dot com one one with matt. at mata dot com why but now we're doing it. like that and even that's a thing. see what i'm saying you can't. i want to. make it my own. you know okay go watch my special. at ai ai just a program. dot com um actually what we're just doing is. what mattress commercials do. now oh man we used to. watch infomercials together do you ever think about when we were young. and how not how you wish it. was like that again because i don't wish i was young. again that young again i'm still young. i'm the youngest man in los angeles. quite frankly um but uh do we used to. watch infomercial so late into. the night i would want to. go to sleep. and you would be like no no. no no no no come come on come. on just watch this one. and it would be like somebody selling. a long pole that at the end. has like a grabber you know. and like you like it's good. for reaching things that are high. up you know and it's just like call. the next however long and you get two. more free yeah or like a a steamer or like totally a dicer dude. a dice everything that dices. well or the the number one. thing though was u. how something could help. you make money yeah. remember that guy in the ridler. money coat yeah god guy i hated that. guy yeah yeah yeah what who was that. guy the r money. guy you know who we're talking about right. chris how could you just be the riddler. like he was just like had qu. it be instead of question. marks it was dollar bills. that was the only difference though. okay oh so it was okay. got it the money. riddler look that guy. up dude let's see if we could find him. he's dead you know. he died of hiv. wow you know he died. so fast fullblown aids man. like had such bad reaction his. whole head fell off man. well don't oh he's still he's still kicking looks like his gray. hair his head fell off from aids you know. not a thing oh no. he mixed it up he didn't. he stopped doing wait wait wait wait wait wait wait i was wrong. he did just do question. marks yeah okay he was just the riddler. right okay right i thought so i don't like that i don't like that that's what i was saying. it's like why i remembered it. wrong though obviously it would be like if a guy just was dressed. up his too faced and he was like hey buy my vacuum. cleaner you're like what the he's just ripping. off batman bad guys. let me tell you something. right now no one in history uhhuh. had if he's really dead had worse. breath than than this guy. look at the way he's opening. his mouth you can tell yeah you're right. you know what i'm saying you're right. just had the worst breath halosis though. he brushed his teeth. all the time it didn't. matter he wasn't like being rude. or or disgusting he just had it. look at that look at that. guy people run from his mouth. yeah yeah yeah i mean dude. the suits he has why is that his thing. uh home alone oh he was that. m park alone. right there um riddler. alone dude uh yeah i don't know i i you bad. breath is something i don't even honestly. it's something i don't even. like to talk about you say. it a lot though as a joke. about people or is that me. no but i'm making it up. that it's not real i'm i do. what you do like breath. yeah when you think about someone with bad. bre you tell me i i i yeah. there was this guy i was in an elevator he said something. he had bad breath. would like affect me. i would i would say it. affects me to. my core well let me. affect you to. your core right now i once. went on a date with a girl who was genuinely a great person. i knew her for a long. time before we went on. a date we had a nice. little innocent kiss at the end. of the date i have never tasted. rat poison but all i thought. was there's rat poison. inside this person because it it. it it just completely consumed. me it was like i i like almost gagged onto. her face jesus it was so bad. did you just like this. oh you have rat poison. in your mouth i didn't know what to. do i was so i was like frozen. i was like a deer in headlights. put yourself in that situation. that's so hor of course i've been around. i wish it was someone i didn't know really though. because it was that made it. way worse you know. what i'm saying like i already knew. her and thought she was a great. person oh i wish i wish you were someone. i didn't know yeah that's exactly. um yeah i i i was talking to. somebody the other day. i know them and they were we were talking. and they got close. you know and i like the person a lot. so well you're saying it like it. is someone died in the story you know. you're so solemn and i was like you know talking to. the person and they got close. and i liked the person i was like you know what let them. get close i'm not not going. to back up it was a guy. why is it getting. so close it was just one of you. know some of those guys like that they back. up like getting me back. up like okay okay it's weird. and a lot of times i go like this. you're good there but if you know. the person no if you don't know. the person what if you know. the person you just let him. get in if i know the person. i if i know the person be like bro. why you getting so close. that's what i do yeah. yeah yeah but i didn't so i was like you know. what let me ride. this out let me take it. for a test drive let me. take this experence for a test drive. paid the price you paid. a heavy price and it. hit me and it was like oh h. no okay god that sucks. i wish i didn't know that. about it you can tell though. when it's because of some random thing they happened. to it wasn't the worst. kind right okay yeah that's good. if it's because of something they ate i'm kind of okay. with it me too dude. actually 100% yeah if it's that guttural rat poison yeah. you know if it's if it's also if it's there's two types. of bad kind if i can tell they like just kind of haven't. eaten it's kind it's it's terrible. but it's not as bad as oh. this person just when it gets bad. it gets bad oh wow. i actually got a thing see yeah. okay we're done let's start. the show start theiss hits. him to the core. hits him to his core. had a burger last night and i've had a really embarrassing question. to ask um so i've been talking to. this guy for about a month. m um and things have been progressing. very nicely he's a really nice. guy treats me better. than a lot most anyone i've ever. been with and i'm very much like swept up. in my feelings oh um the other night. we went out it. was like the fourth date. okay and i just felt like treated like a princess. it was amazing something bad's coming and uh he walked me. to my door and gave me aug h. and kiss goodbye and i just without um thinking oh the words. i love you came out. of my mouth and i was mortified. absolutely mortified i don't know where it. came from i didn't plan. to say that it was literally a slip of the tongue. i it's never happened. to me before that's hilarious. and i backpedal and he was like what. did you say very nice. about it super sweet wouldn't. expect anything else um and anyway. um what would you do. in this situation she just felt so comfortable. dude yeah exactly yeah it slipped. i mean the truth. is it's probably i mean. only you would know if i'm wrong. about this but like it. probably slipped because what you said. she's so comfortable she didn't. it wasn't like an examined thought where she was like i love. this guy i don't want to. tell him yet maybe i should tell him. maybe i shouldn't but like she was. probably so in the moment. and has some kind of history of being in moments. like that and it's just like she just came out. of she even said herself. it just slipped i think that that is the thing. to say i don't think you i don't you're obviously. mortified she even blushed when she was telling the story to. her phone camera but um you don't actually need to. be that embarrassed about it because it actually is understandable. i agree people have brain. slips like that that it. doesn't actually mean you love. the person right so i would imagine you laughed. about it in a moment. and then when you got inside. you were obviously mortified but or next. date just in the middle. of the date just casually say like and i'm related. to hitler and then be like wait a minute. no i'm not sorry you know. what i just say stuff. sometimes and my brain does that. and i have no idea none of it. is true it could be different. than i'm related to. hitler it doesn't have to. be something it doesn't have to. be something horrible like i you know melini is my cousin or whatever doesn't have to. be a dictator thing why does it. have to be a dictator no. i'm just it doesn't but uh omar. kadf omar gaddafi or whatever. the that guy's name is yeah. gaddafi he he he's my husband oh no. he's not i don't have a husband what. am i talking about i don't. love you only only can do slips if it's about a horrible. dictator of from history um actually that would work. if it was like i love pizza wait. i'm sorry but then it's like then it's like then he'll think you have a kind of problem. yeah true true just be like i don't know. what happened you know. what you should do you should say. you just swept me out of the moment. like give him a compliment. and and at the same time. take back that i love you. right i just felt so comfortable. i said i don't know. why you made me so. comfortable it was such a pleasant. moment that it just like some kind of like trigger. in my brain i don't know. what happened i don't know. what happened stalin is my best. friend i you know i i i just felt so. comfortable it was such a sweet. is my best friend it. was such a sweet great. moment it just slipped. in my mouth and lennin is my idol. john lenin john lennon never mind um yeah that's that's wild that's funny did you know that that's what she was going to. say when you said oh no you said oh no. before she said it well i thought actually you know. what i thought what it was. it was uh she was gna. say she farted oh because i know a dude. that that did that on a first date. that he said it went. so well come on he said it. went so well they're walking. back to her car cuz they met. somewhere uh first time they ever. hung out like as as a potential couple. and he opened the door. for her and she was getting in the car. and he just like without yeah. obviously he didn't even it's the kind of thing. where he didn't even. know it was coming he was comfortable. same thing is i love you. thing by the way it. actually just like a lightning strike moment. cuz he's like that doesn't happen. to me that's and that honestly. to me that's never happened. i always know something that's coming. i can control it. i had the first fart. that came to this. past weekend had the first fart. ever that came out and i had no. idea was coming out just this. past weekend yeah i never that. never happened to. me before i go. oh my god oh i'm getting older. i guess yeah he was young. who the guy that. it happened to. man yeah but i just that's crazy. that that lady did that i mean. i feel i feel she was. also so sweet i know it. seems like it seems like you're going. to be good i have a prediction. you guys are going to. get married and like have kids. and you're going to. look back and be like isn't that the funniest. thing that ever happened and everyone is even. going to be like that is i actually. thought the same thing. that i was like that'd be. funniest story when you when when if when you guys work. out yeah i thought it before. you but it's it's cool. i thought it in dad's balls. i thought it in grandpa. bam's boss where' you think it i thought in who whoever grandpa. bam's whoever great great grandfather. father ballar i thought oh okay. you have the memory you just don't know. whose balls was cool so anyway. next hey what's up. guys i told the exboyfriend. of a girl who lives on my floor. that she smells now. i never wanted him to. tell her anything but he threw me. under the bus and did just that. he went and told her that i think she stinks um i only told him. because i didn't know if he ever experienced. that with her and i didn't know how to. confront her about it cuz it's so mean. to go out to. someone just be like you stink. yeah um so what do i do. i need some advice because now every time. i see this girl in the hallway. it was by the way she smelled so bad. like she hadn't showered in weeks. it would sting up the whole hallway. if i was in the same. elevator as her i literally had to. hold my breath that's why. i went to. her exboyfriend cuz i needed to. do something what um but what do i do. now because she hates my guts. for going to her. explo friend about something like that and i just i don't know what to. do thanks love you i i know what to. say i mean look if it's i would never recommend. this but it is where it is. it's already so far down. a certain path yeah if she's really mean. to you and that's the reason. and you and you explicitly have been told that i think you actually. have license to say i was like confused. i i you're you smell terrible. and we share an elevator and that's that's like kind of mean. to other people you live around. people you live in a building. if you live ater never i don't but like you live with other people. it's so rude to. them to share a space. with people and and subject them. to a terrible body. odor well she's not going to. like you after that either. but she what i'm saying. is already so far down. the path like you don't need. to be like tiptoeing and apologizing it's like whatever. al also though you're an idiot for saying. that to heroy of course you never trust. someone's ex to tell their ex. what you said about them. they want to. hurt their ex yeah usually that's a dumb. dum move dum dum move. i i i actually uh was with uh someone and then later on my friend. started dating her and i um always thought she smelled kind of funky. and i didn't ask him. why would you i asked. our other friend has he ever eluded. oh have you noticed yourself. and what did he say no. so i cuz here's the other thing. too you could be like yo. if you want to. like i mean not not that. it's backpedaling but like i would i would do this. because i would maybe think it's true. i would be like i have a really sensitive nose. i i just wanted to. know if it was me. or not oh that's that's good. because like but it but she didn't shower. for weeks it's obviously if if if it is that. i mean you don't know. you're not it's not like he's watching her. shower or not so he doesn't. know i wonder how he knows the i mean. no i don't know yeah. he that's what i'm point. is he probably doesn't know. he probably just saying she didn't shower. for weeks maybe the ex. told him that though. that's such a specific thing to. claim he must have heard that. i think that it's just something. he says when somebody sm so mad. and it's fine but i think that's what it. going to talk to. me afterwards about it going. to set me down. i i uh you agree with me. right on which on which uh on me. saying that uh it was i didn't know if it was me. or not no no that that he was probably. just saying she didn't show her for weeks. and doesn't know that oh my god. so it's all good angry no. i i just gen want. to know don't agree with that. no but but you think he has the he's privy to. the knowledge that she hasn't showered. for weeks what i assumed. based on what he said and the way. he said it was was specifically one. thing he had a conversation. with the ex he brought up. the smell and the ex. said oh she often doesn't shower. for weeks all right. couple so that's okay matt that's so much. supposing going on that. it's just crazy it is. a lot of supposing but it here's why. i suppose it it's such a specific thing to. say with authority and conviction. which he did he wasn't like it. smelled like she hadn't showered. for a couple weeks he said she really. did and she really hadn't showered. for a couple weeks that. is like claiming that he didn't. say so here's the deal. he is either a bonehead idiot. liar liar not a liar. he learned it li too. specific to cla he's bonehead he told the ex. that she smells bad he's a bonehead he's you're a bonehead dude. it's fine look he seems like a nice guy. hon my advice to. you is stop being a bonehead honestly. this kind of guy seems like he'd be in my circle. i like this guy he would 100%. be friends with you and i would be like that. guy such a bonee head dude. i be like i love it. yeah but but hold on a second. you you i i get mad at you. for assuming stuff i get mad. but he here's why i'm not assuming he said. it so what i'm you're assuming. you're assuming he made a thing. up i'm assuming he knows it. you're doing the assuming i'm not. the assumer you're the assumer it's a bit. of a colloquialism to. be like oh yeah he smelled bad. he didn't showerer for weeks no. but it can be but the way. he said it sounded like he had conviction. why don't we listen. to it again okay wow why. don't we listen to. it again can't believe how hung up. you are on this well it's is it. me that's hung up on it. or is it you that's yes. cuz you're keep bringing it. up all right fine i'm. i'm fine with that it's me. that's hung up on it. i like to be hung up. on it i want to. hear it again okay. hey what's up guys uh i told the exboyfriend. of a girl who lives on my floor. that she smells now. i never wanted him to. tell her anything but he threw me. under the bus and did just that. he went and told her that i think she stinks um i only told him. because i didn't know if he ever experienced. that with her and i didn't know how to. confront her about it cuz it's so mean. to go out to. someone just be like you stink. right um so what do i do. i need some advice because now every time. i see this girl in the hallway. it by the way she smelled so bad. like she hadn't showered in weeks. elevator as her i lally had to. hold my breath okay okay. she said he actually said specifically like yeah. the pause through me but you're right. look look here's who i am i'm such an enous. i'm such an enormous. man you're not getting out of such a big. man it's not a good thing. i have such a big mind. and heart and it is open. my mind and my heart that if i am wrong. i am immediately willing to. admit it and change my view. to accommodate the more. correct view i am a great. man and this is evidence donald trump. donald trump yeah it was so crazy. i knew what was going. on the whole time. and i you know i don't want to. gloat because you can gloat. cuz it's so rare that you're right. and i'm wrong so go. ahead and gloat take a parade. there we go now. that's take a victory lap have a parade. you were right and it's fine. i'm i'm good with here's why. i'm okay with not being right. life's unraveling because now i have. the correct information and i am. right now because i think the right. thing all i care about is the truth. i'm a truth finder i'm a truth. seeker i'm a truth lover. i embrace the truth whatever. the truth is and all i care. about is possessing that truth. enough if you have the truth. i'd love to. possess it from you if chris has the truth i'd love to. possess it from him if anthony has the truth he never does but it say he did in hypothetical. i would try to. possess it from him all right all right all right i'm a truth possessor okay what's next a truth possessor. so chris thanks for everything. that you do um so my issue. is my girlfriend of 5. years broke up with me. about 6 months ago. and late i've been having these feelings. of dread i i'm really. concerned about her i worry about her. wellbeing i hope that she's okay. we don't have any. sort of contact or anything. like that but i just get these feelings. of worry about her interesting. i was wondering if that's normal. and is there anything. i can do to. stop these feelings as they arise thank you. did he say he broke. up with her or she broke. up she broke up. with him well then that is a little bit. weird why she broke up. at you i i he's not here but i would wonder. why where the dread. is coming from right like why. are you so worried about someone who broke up. with you maybe there's some kind of history there. that we don't i guess. there's grief and he's just experiencing it. in a weird way like so yeah. it's not weird but i think honestly and this is this. sucks dude but with breakups sometimes. the only way to. get over stuff is actually. time it's literally like a physical. injury the body will heal eventually. your heart so to. speak will heal eventually um that's five. years is a long time. man and and 6 months. is not or five months. however long you said is not that. long it's not that long. but well i would say it probably will go away. but also it'll definitely go. away the we we wait the present. a little bit too much. and we think in the present. things aren't going to. go away and things are never going to. change because we're feeling those. things right now but yeah check it out. check into your vast. experience of life you've changed so much. everyone has our feelings are constantly changing. our states of mind constantly changing. you will get over this. too it's not that. weird what he's feeling check it. out okay and then look at this. what happened it didn't. stay like this it changed right. yeah so maybe you were going. to think that it was going. to change like this. if it going say like this. it's not you got something on your knuckle to. me well but let me hook you. up don't say yo. wait hang on let me hook you. up no it's all good. um uh yeah so anyway stuff. changes see look that is a great. display of change that's what i you. have anything to. say to him. besides that that's all you have to. say that's the only thing i have to. say is look hey and that's how i'm going. to teach it to. calvin and billy i'm a little thrown though. why do you think he feels. grief about someone who broke up. with him it well well it might not dread. rather sorry but it it might not be about her. well now that really you really feel that. way like i really am. so you're saying the only thing oh i hope she's okay. would be if i broke up. with that person and i hope they're okay. without me because i broke up. with them i didn't want to. break their heart no in responding. to him i'm trying to. wonder what i he asked. if it's if we think it's weird. like i i don't know actually. is that is a little bit. weird to have someone break up. the times i've been broken up with oh wait. i've never been broken up with i'm sorry. but i'm imagining if i had man. dude me no actually that's that's a joke. i have been broken up with and it. sucks and um i don't remember worrying about her ever. you know what i'm saying like worrying about her that's not exactly. right in my i don't know. i mean i i guess i've been broken up. with and like i'm when i think about the people. that broke up with me. i'm like i hope they're doing. well but i guess it's not i'm worried. i'm not worried exactly yeah. yeah i kind of he said dread. dread is such a particular. thing it's terrible i feel dread. all the time never about. my ex i feel dread. about the way i was in relationships. past yeah and i feel dread. about like it's more like regret. i guess but like i don't know i don't feel dread. about what is going. on presently with any of my ac you just be like me and feel dread. all the time but anyway well i do actually just judge you. know judge dread yeah i am the law. remember did you see the remake. yeah with uh the boys. bo carl urban no i. saw dread and judge dread. yeah me too same. cool i've seen every dread. movie they've ever made judge dread. is actually really sick um. the law dude people really liked the remake. like critics like dread isn't that. weird it was kind of cool. i thought was it i thought it was kind of cool. yeah that's like such a movie. i'd watch though i like yeah. me too actually i liked. how it was contained. yeah me too i love. that i loved that and and and and that i can. be like that if i really wanted to. be like that and there was a project. i could be like that like what. judge i could be like jud i could. be like dread judge dread. in what way save everyone or whatever. he did i don't remember what he did. but i could do it. how do you know. you could be it then i remember watching it. and thinking i could do it. watching dread thinking i could do. that wow all of it's like futuristic. stuff that doesn't even exist. you know i am the law. singing uh what i how i would wrap that. up though is i think nothing. in the wake of uh a long relationship. as you're like grieving i don't. think anything's particularly weird yeah i agree people. are weird they're very particular. and and specific we're all very specific individuals with specific. brains and they all do. different kinds of [ __ ] so it's not that weird i wouldn't worry about it. but you know things change you'll get better. every time i hear somebody say the word. particular i think of taken. i have a particular up. cut i have a particular. set of skills and i will. use them you know so insecure. dude that would be great. if that i have a particular. set of skills hello what do. you think of that did you hear. did i cut out hello. oh you're there hold on one. second let me go to. the living room so anyway do you have my daughter. you said daughter right. um there's a new movie they're trying. to do aaron eart version for bricker. yeah the brick layer dude. i saw it was like number. eight you saw the movie. no no no no but i will oh i will oh i'm going. to see that quicker. than you can say brick lair. you know what i'm saying well you haven't. seen it yet and i could have said it. like five times but say. brick brick i saw it so hold on is that oh wait yeah and after i saw the trailer for the brick i immediately watched the trailer for taken and i was like nice try well they dude they keep trying to. do that nice try eart. they they keep you know. how many actors see what liam niss. did and they're like all hey agent. all of them where's my big. second act as his name. what's his name did it. with silent night joe kinman well. that's not so much a second act he's still in his first. act of his career i'm. saying yes yes yes the older. actors who can't get the big. leading man roles anymore. probably look at it. and like how did he pull that off that. was oscar schindler yeah crazy. i mean yeah so many i mean uh what's his name. michs um you know who did it. was the dude from um [ __ ] what's his name pat dylan. not dylan mc one of those guys tried. to do it tried to. do it oh really it. just came out what do you mean. one of those d mc no it's not dy mcder der [ __ ] der [ __ ] ended up doing a lot of indies which i think is kind of cool. not that guy der [ __ ] the other guy derit [ __ ] did it did what though like he's action movies oh he did yeah of it oh okay i would watch that what's the guy's name not that one i you said dermit morrone you spell that yeah i know it's pretty weird name right there it just came up yeah just obviously just type in the little bit type in the way it sounds well he look at him with gray. yeah he's in he's in whatever. look at the latest one dud. you know what he's so funny. in huh he's so funny. in that movie with james. marsen and jack black that the dra. train what is that called. he's so funny that wait. hold on bri what is that. first one ruthless break water ruthless obviously oh cool it. has a 4.9 rating and it's the worst. title too like oh that. is basically hey i would watch that. yeah i love the preview. i saw the preview it looks very um like in it. it would be on cinemax yeah. dude i love jeff. f if i could look like anyone who isn't me. throughout history i would look like jeff. feah really yeah yeah. don't do that i wouldn't. necessarily disagree with that. yeah jeff f is so sick. looking dude both as an old. guy and when he was in the lawn. mow what's this that he's playing. we don't trailer for ruthless. oh harry's daughter was murdered four. years ago raped her. and left her to. die in a ditch what is he trying. to do oh look at him. he looks great he looks great. but look obviously c obviously. can't fight right. it's it's there's one thing. here where he obviously. he's just like nothing h. has happened you know. nothing just doors opening. and closing we have a legal. obligation to report any suspicions of abuse. take your fights har it. hones it honestly looks really bad this. looks awful but i would watch it. me too i would like it kid. i think you ought of on. business coach before i leave tonight i'm. definitely breaking your right. arm oh that's what i say to. a lot of people have a minute. what is it the worst. hoodie yeah he looked bad. there he looks good though. he looks good yeah ad. my bo solve all your problems. what's this this crew is known. for traffing girls across lines. taken so taken where not right. here wait yeah that wait. there's one thing it was the hand. thing you're not a police officer let me. do my job in it you know yeah. i don't care if i spend the rest of my life. in prison this is a big. upgrade from the sketchy places. i've been to been in business. for there's jeff fy dude. i'm going to kill. them but fake name they always try to. do like the star is. yeah aaron eart is the brick. layer s is sa. [ __ ] later on myon is dude ruthless how funny would it be to. make a movie where a guy. straight up can't fight but he's still like but it's the same. movie but every time he's just like and he's like wouldn't. go on very long because he would lose. the fight no no. no but he keeps winning. oh that would like the and and they don't. explain it and he's just like yeah. that would be great. dude same music hey like this. running running at the guy right. and the guy just guy just moves. out of the way cuz he's hit he wins. you you're not understanding the p. it's goofball comedy okay. i mean relax it just so happens. the most mad you got he keeps winning. on this show is me. not understanding this fake. trailer you're making up in your head. right now like he's on the ground. and he just goes like this. and the guy's like okay. and then it's just like christalia is [ __ ] wants to. be in it so bad. that'd be great. they got my daughter d. i'm gonna get him d. they're not gonna know what hit him. d ding hey and at every time and every single time. the a fight is about to. start and he does the the the like the wind up. the the bad guy goes oh. no see that's comedy zone. though no but it's not though. it's done like it's not. comedy dude dude you're getting. so pipe and hot. right now all right. it's really good cinematography and the music. is not comedy we're getting. into life luxury. zone let's continue with the submissions i like that. i like your movie idea. though okay okay think it's great. a condom on his hey. what's up uh chris toer and matthew. so inse secure robot a. hammerhead sh this guy you guys know. when you're like he's a hammerhead yeah. out there right and you're like doing what you're doing has said anything yet. yep and you turn around. and you're like whoa so high uh anyways. love the show guys wor submission. dude worst submission he's a hammerhead. he is a condom since. he's trolling us why. are his eyes on the side. of his head he is a flounder. this is that you know what. that is he's stewie griffin. all grown up what happens is when he turns his head you can't see it anymore. cuz it's completely flat. like a pancake you know. what i'm saying yes yes yes yes that's unbelievable. why did salvador dolly paint this. guy's face yeah that's a good. question this is why honestly. though is an unrolled condom. on the tip of his head. no dude that is an unrolled condom. on the tip of his head. dude look at it. i know it looks like the tip. of a [ __ ] mhm covered. by and the four that's what the hoodie. is the four skins down right. exactly and also everything in that visual. is gray there isn't one. thing that's not gray. besides even his skin besides. his pink face his teeth. okay anyway you could tell that. guy's a bad kisser. wow wow i i know it. for as as and this i know. be true what is that thing. and i know this to. be true yeah i know that. this i know to. be true this i know to. be true i know this much is true. that's the wally lamb book. that's the book and that's what i meant. to do really yep and i know to. quote the title of a wally lamb book. and i know this much is true. yes you don't know who wally lamb is. yes i do he wrote that. book with the [ __ ] fetus on the cover okay all right. let's do another one. jeff f millennial pause hey. guys big fan um. i'll cut to it. i have a father that's in the hospital. unexpectedly for 35 days oh no. the holidays are stressful the timing stressful i can't stop thinking about the way way you guys have described. how you pee through. your jeans rather than just use. the fly you like fet the top. open oh rather than pull them down. to your knees i've been thinking about this. nonstop for several weeks now serious. you know i have a size 12. shoe your boy's beefy. like i'm i'm with you guys. and i just use the fly. pop it out do my business. put it back in no harm. no foul i don't have. time to filet the top. it's justra dud um please help. me understand what the hell you. guys are doing i i i'm lost. i need your help here's here. hey my dad's dying i. pee crazy here's the deal. using your fly to. pee is such risky business. that you're just like flirting. with disaster take the extra split. second to also undo the button and pull all of it. down so it's all out. and about in the air. not risk anything you're saying it's it's you're saying it's take the extra second dude. i would argue it takes longer. to just take your penis. out of the fly because you got to. finagle yeah the finagling is way. quicker to just go. boom and open it all than it. is to go and try. to and the finagling is nil when you pull it all down. the finagling is maximum amount when you open. your fly got to. make sure nothing hits the metal. you know cuz it's so big. in my case you got to. get it through the zipper and make sure also you don't want it. to touch because it's cold the zipper. gets cold too like why. are we risking what why are why. are we participating in this. risky business if we don't. have to so forign um yeah. it's you're you're you're wrong you've been living. a lie honestly. you've been living it wrong. it's so much easier to. do it the other way. and i'm sorry about much. and i'm sorry about your dad. the dad thing like what's going. on like don't don't start. with that cuz now i'm sad. i know i'm sad think about the guy's de two. sad things you know his dad and then also he doesn't know how to. take his pe the unfortunate way he does. he pees it's just terrible. okay well hopefully your father. recovers and hopefully you learn. hopefully you your father recover. yeah hopefully he's not the guy that taught you that. honestly um mom read the wally lamb. book and so i know that's what i know. about it so mom. read mom read it a long. time ago and i remember this. much i know to. be true yes no i know this much. is true i know this. much is true and i remember seeing that i remember thinking about how stupid it. is to say i know. this much is true when you can just call. the book true i mean. that is not the same. meaning that's true i know. i know this is true. would be a better way. to say but this that's he's saying. it how he wants to. say it dud also wally lamb that book. is like it sucks but it's crazy. successful have you have you read it i've read it why did you read it because it was there one day what's it about it's a i mean you don't want to. know it's about a guy who they actually made a miniseries out. of it didn't they mark. ruffalo i think was in it. of course he was you know. yeah recently though too like way. after the book they were like well it's boring. should we get mark ruffalo. he got a guy whose like twin. brother died or something. right and when they were little and now he's divorced. it's just like about a guy. who's struggling in life. oh man yeah okay. next alec baldwin matt. chris love the show got uh need some advices. uh so my mother. is 75 years old. such a cool and she's on. facebook unfortunately she falls for all. the things right um i'm talking about this. the things that say copy and paste this. to your status if you want to. keep facebook free because mark zuckerberg's going to. start charging next week recently. she shared a post that said uh sadly most people will keep scrolling. but like and share if you support. our vietnam vets and it's uh the picture. is the cast from tropic thunder. no uh just looking for some advice. what should i do just let these things go. um should i address. them one by one should i tell her. that she needs to. run all of her post through. me first uh yeah it be fun. thanks i mean i that's the last. one would be funny it's fun. for you exactly but i i think here's the thing. and i've thought about this too. i don't think i don't think people past. a certain age can understand. so media it's not that. they don't it's not that. it's hard for them to. i think that they cannot. i think that it came too. late in their lives that they cannot. understand it so trying to. explain to her won't work. i i just promise. you it won't work now. here's the thing that might work. you you tell her there. are scammers on there that can really mess up. your life and because you don't know. i would like you to. run posts by me if you think think that would be okay or interesting or funny or whatever but like she's never going to. like learn in the classic sense. of the word she's just not going. to learn how to. do it she cannot. she cannot do that i think. about this cuz like every generation. goes like right like of course you know if you pick up the phone. and somebody's like hey i need your social security. number not to. do that but like if you're 80. and you're like oh did i order. this thing okay may be you know. right like now they have things where they call. you and they say can you hear me. and you say yeah and then they use that. for consent on something else really. wait why they record it. and then use it as your voice. to say yes to. something else and then take your money. oh god but that's what i'm saying. like it's constantly changing so and then and just look at ai. like the scams are going to. get so crazy well that's what i'm saying. like you there will be video that you will. be indistinguishable you can still kind of tell. but like there will be video that's indistinguishable. and you won't be able. to tell and and i won't and and people are age. will be like so it will. be so hard for them. to understand it uhhuh. yeah totally and but here's the thing. it's going to. get to so good that. it's going to. be hard for anybody that right. well yeah i read a story about a mother. who got a call from her. daughter's phone she rather she saw. on her phone her daughter was. calling she picks up her daughter. is on the other line the voice she knows. to be her daughters. right begging for help. begging for money to. be sent immediately to. this thing for whatever. reason it was all yeah all ai produced. it's really [ __ ] up stuff. from that woman's daughter like. how are we going to. ever get past that. i don't know we're not going. to be able to. no i know you know. we're going to have to. be like what is our code. word right and it can't. just be like birds it's going. to have to. be like birds fly south to. the like you're going to. have to have a whole poem. worth of of words to. verify it it's someone you know. that's the only way around. it so my advice. to you is have a poem. for that you and your mom. write a poem quick. and give it to. your mom have a memorize it. yeah it's it's odd. it's it's uh it's really odd. but you're right dude. you're gonna have to. have words like that have yeah. have her run by you. see if that's not too annoying. for you right get her. on board that that way. though you have to. scare her scare her into. thinking she's going to. get scammed give her good examples. they're easy to. find tell her these are ways. people get scammed they don't. know they're getting scammed it's very common. old people to get scammed. right now uh so just yeah but you know. also that's kind of funny. all the things you described and let's face it. everyone who's 75 is doing. that too yeah but if she's doing that. stuff you worry about that's what i meanu fishing. and all that stuff totally totally just make sure she never gives anyone. any information log in or otherwise she can post. about tropic thunder vietnam vets. all she wants it's just tough it's just tough because like yeah i don't know. get off facebook don't on. facebook yeah but that's her social life. now i know i know i know yeah. are you on facebook. no i haven't been on i have an account. i haven't been on for i was just talking about. this i haven't been on facebook. for like at least n9. years wow yeah do you no i don't have. it i mean i have a fan. page but i i don't you. have a guy that runs. it i mean i have fans. too so it's all good. so don't don't think you're da. while all right ohr a b about to. get reconstructed knee surgery. second time and my question. is afterwards i'm always a super. big emotional wck all. the meds they put me on so how do i deal. with that let me know i mean. you're calling a little late. you're literally about to. go under the knife you. know we're not going to turn around. the advice in two hours. yeah i also we talked to. that guy in golden hour. before and here actually i don't recognize. him are you sure yeah i think yes we have talked about him. we talked to him. here his name is joel. and we were making fun. of his oh that's that guy. yeah he looks handsome. he is handsome he was handsome. he didn't look as handsome. in the other video yeah. we talked about it we talked about how he was handsome. gotcha got me in that. one so anyway um did you do that. because i always say got out. of that one gana kick mass. yes i did yeah there. we go so i'm good at being putting the pieces. together nice actually no one's worse. at putting the pieces. together than me it's true. um it's true you are a [ __ ] idiot completely agree. anyway uh dude one time man. my exwife emily oh god yeah dude she got her wisdom teeth out and i had to. uh you know obviously pick her. up and take her back. and bro oh i i vaguely. remember this she was so funny. the nurse was like so here's what we're going. to do she she was behind her. the whole time going like this. tears just like this what like. cry laughing or yeah. like she was talking she was mouth. full of gauze the nurse. was like behind her she was this. she actually goes like this. oh my god wow that's that's like a christen wig. character oh dude it was it. was so funny dude. yeah and then one time. you were yeah i was just going. to bring what was the thing. that you was with you. you say you're a race. car driver right you brought me. to get my wisdom teeth out. and i kept talking about how i had to. get to the racetrack because i was a race. car driver and i needed to. get i had a race. right then that all this. stuff was making me late for that. i would like to. me i was like i can't i i remember being like yeah okay all right. so you got to. get the race track okay. like i was just like i guess. go with it you know why. why why just why argue imagine if i got arguing. with you like no you're not you're not a race. car driver m yeah uh we get no. fight no but i took you to. your reconstructed knee surgery. you did oh remember that. when you had your meniscus. repaired yeah you weren't that. like loopy dude i didn't feel loopy. at all after that one. yeah i i i i got out. and maybe for like a split. second i remember cuz here's what i remember. thinking i remember i got out. there were remember they were wheeling me. out and i go ah [ __ ] ah feels is that it [ __ ] i said swear words and then the nurse. was like you're lucky the other nurses here she doesn't allow. the swear words and i remember getting. mad being like don't say that. the first thing i come out i i'm on. drugs like i said [ __ ] oh you must have not been too under the influence. then because that is exactly. what you would think if exactly. that's my whole point about. this is that i wasn't under the influence. so um but this last time. when i did went nose. you know what happened yes i fought about it. on here yeah and they were trying. to pin me down and i was wolverine. coming out of the [ __ ] why were you doing that. like what was do you. remember was going. through your head oh no i i was blacked. out i don't i don't have any memory of it. i mean i remember a couple things. they told me it happened. and i said you didn't even. remember and then no no i i did not know. it happened okay straight up yeah. that's scary it is scary. i remember i went under i think i've said this. before on the show but i went under for my sinus. surgery and it took too long. and the drugs kicked in before. i went under and it was the best. feeling i've ever had in my entire life. it took too long. what do you mean. never usually when they they say. countown from 100 and you get to. 99 and a half and you're just right. right right it took like two or three minutes. and i could feel the pain. drugs and it felt so good really. yeah see that scares me it's terrible. i never felt terrible terrible. memory amazing experience because i remember it. and it's the best i'll ever. feel in my life oh [ __ ] me up. dude all right well let's move on. then that [ __ ] me up. yeah it [ __ ] up a lot. of people hey what's upos um my name. is dan actor based in vancouver. um i wanted to. call in and get your guys. opinion how to. regain your motivation after having a really. shitty audition or call back. um i was in the casting room. for the first time about 3 weeks. ago and uh everything that could have went wrong. i feel kind of went wrong. oh no um my mouth went. dry i couldn't take direction well. like i the more direction they gave. me the more that i thought i was like [ __ ] it up so i was very very much in my head and i was more focused. on trying to pronounce the words. correctly cuz my mouth was so dry than i was on the actual. scene um i know it's so stupid. to to to audition and do commercial. auditions and i feel like i'm just like losing. motivation for doing it but i also don't want to. be the guy who just quits after. one bad experience so i would love to. get you guys' opinion. on on kind of how to. keep going and work on my own. kind of creative outlets to. keep myself busy while i'm waiting. for auditions i love you. guys i love the podcast. you guys both seem so cool. and been been a big fan. of both you for a while. so hopefully this makes on the show. but i'm at 1 minute. and 1113 seconds now. so i don't know not bad. we we'll find out i. was in i'll be in vancouver. soon bro chris you're on dan. dan you're on the show. and chris will be in vancouver. soon so you should buy. a ticket go chris's show. uh uh but yeah that that. first of all it's not stupid. to audition for no. all what you mean. is the process of doing it. you feel stupid but also the process is ridiculous. that's universal but doing it. is not it's just the game. it's a mean yeah exactly. means to an end it's the only way. it could possibly work um. but you the best advice. i've heard and this is actually. from an acting coach not to. me but i heard her give it to. a group and it was to. visualize or think of or yeah even visualize a not just bad auditions but every audition as a piece of toilet paper or a bunch of toilet paper right and the audition itself as a dump you took at the end no matter how horrible the dump was painful whatever smooth easy easy breezy short long it's over all the all no matter what and you flush the toilet paper no matter what it could be an easy breezy good one you don't keep the toilet paper as a souvenir and if it's a terrible one you don't remember it for a long time you flush it down all the same you fl good good audition bad audition whatever audition you flush it down it has to. go away because you need to. get used to. it and it's literally just one part. of the process i mean she kind of was a life. coach she was an acting. coach oh she said that. no this was somebody said this. yes yeah i thought you were saying. it no that's i'm i'm. quoting an acting remember what. dad would always say leave it. in the room or was that. probably for me because i was doing auditions. and [ __ ] i guess yeah yeah he would just be like just leave it in the room. don't think about it yeah. it's same idea you you don't hold. on to it but here's the thing. don't hold on to. the good ones either. understand them all to. be transitive experiences and they're going. to go away some of them. will be terrible some will be great. but they don't matter after. they're done they don't matter. flush it down the toilet no matter what take a [ __ ] and flush it down the toilet yeah that's cool yeah that she said that it is cool that she said i think about it all the time about a lot of things my auditions are shits here's let me let me tell you why yeah she should have started it like that yeah auditions are big fat smelly dumps let me tell you when i audition i take shits walk it back with me um yeah but you have better. advice i mean you've auditioned well audition the aud the whole. audition process is just absolutely it's just stupid. it's shitty it's you it's unnecessary. dude um it's so stupid. that even on the other side. of the table i feel embarrassed. for the people who have to. do it you just don't i i decided that if i'm ever going. to do stuff. again i'm just not going. to audition like i don't care. okay but that doesn't apply. to this guy right. true right but that's what i'm telling you. that's how stupid it. is like i i i i wish it. could change and i don't know. how it how it changes. because it's just it's so they're so up. there own ass with it this isn't helping but it's just some directors some really big directors actually. refuse to even hold. them they only accept on. tape auditions well that's how it should be i know i agree yeah but that's a that's a newer thing um yeah i i i uh it's just it's not they a lot of these people think that they're like reinventing the wheel or like changing the world with this movie that's going. to come out on [ __ ] you know tuby oh yeah your movie is not going to. change the world in fact. it's not going to. anything so it's like hire a guy you know anyway uh this doesn't help. good though you want it. to be good but you stop suck. guessing yourself you know. who could do it. here's another thing that i think really helps actors understand. how much control they have over. the process and therefore how much they should really feel responsible. for it going bad or well. when an actor walks into. an audition walk the moment. they walk in the casting director director producers. whoever already know with to. about 90% degree sometimes. they can be surprised but they already. know whether this actor for this. role has a chance to. get it or not. because in their minds. they have the way a person. looks this should free you up. because here's why if you walk in and you're and they think you look. right for it you have a huge leg. up so just be yourself. and do the thing you were going. to do if you walk in and they you don't line. up with what they have in their mind. you're not going to. get it anyway so have fun. and just have the experience both ways. it doesn't matter just have the experience you're very very what you do. in the room has way less impact. than you think it does. you're either already going to. get it maybe or already. never going to get it. for sure when the moment. you walk in before. you do a single bit. of acting and that's just the harsh. reality people have it in their heads. the way a ro someone's supposed. to look for a role. and there's no getting it. out of their hands yeah. so let that free you up. also auditions are shits. all right should we do one. more uh do should we or yeah. let's do one more yeah. yeah yeah okay hey chris and matt. uh elmo from connecticut here. the most boring place on earth. um chris i've been watching your [ __ ] since like seventh grade now i'm 20. so you've aged me. thank you uh so i'm in the military. now and i'm in the infantry so in the small minute. periods of time that we do. have free to ourselves i was just wondering if you guys. have any advice on the best way. to maximize my learning. when it comes to. like financial [ __ ] or just like cuz i want to. use these like next few. years on my contract. to like when i get out. i'm like set like i [ __ ] i know. what i'm doing i'm i'm i'm a civilian and i'm [ __ ] i'm like investing. and like i got my finan is straight. and i like can just like i know. what i'm doing cuz before i joined. i'm i'm kind of a dumbass. no one ever taught me. how to do anything. so i'm trying to. kind of go through life alone. right now so yeah uh just the best. ways to maximize my times. like any good books for just learning. basic adult [ __ ] like i'm talking finances and things of that nature. but um yeah that's pretty much. it thank you love you. guys peace out oh dude. hey you know what i don't. know oh well i do first of all that. hoodie right into the show. and tell us what that. is that is a [ __ ] rat hoodie. enjoy it says enjoy. are you sure okay i think it's a great. hoodie i don't want think so okay. so send me a link or send. the show a link and it'll get to. me um i'll buy it first. that being said wow. you know um i think that that's tricky. bec it's hard to. look at time like i got to. maximize it i got to. maximize it because then it's like you feel all. this pressure but i think the right. the best way to. do it is obviously not my brother. my brother is someone you admire. and he's an example rather. of someone you admire. that has no possible. advice to give you in this. arena because he's never read. a book in his life. but there there are people there. are people who you admire. who actually probably have given either an interview. or have written some kind of article or there's something written about them. where they talk about the things. that have inspired them or the things. that they look to. whether it be finance or philosophy. and life or whatever. just keep looking to. the people you admire role. models and i don't mean like you look up. to them and want to. be like them but i mean people like that you look. out in the world and think they're doing their thing. and i admire how much passion. they have for it and how good they are at. it and how much they love what. they do or whatever. it is pinpoint those people. whether they do the thing. you want to. do or not and and and just model. yourself after them the way. they describe themselves the way. that they say they go. about things because honestly you can find too many. books on the subject of how to. invest your money how to. maximize your time there's just too much. written on that [ __ ] you need to. look to the people you already. admire and see how they do that. thing and i know that's you doing. this right now but unfortunately he's never read. a book in his life. that's not true i've read the client. and i i i've read other books. too but i read. i've read books yeah did you read. congo i have read congo. what do you think about congo. i asked you because i knew you. i only when i think of the congo when i think of congo i only remember the movie with and i only remember the same. er gics over and over again. tim curry yeah yeah why do you think that's so funny. dude because it's so stupid. it's another one of those things that you guys. like for some reason. have stuck in your head. yeah the same idog glyphics ela. and again the same id. this it's it's hard to. say actually idog glyphics the same. idog glyphics over and didn't we watch it. on this show before yeah. i think we did watch that. on luxury i think yeah. oh yeah uh it's a kind of great. stuff you get over on luxury. yeah so you can go over. to lifeline luxury get a uh patreon dot com. lifeline luxury and uh you get the uh the episodes. of that we got a bunch of them. out there right now i think there's 20 um but anyway you can go sign up for that. that' be great and i'll also go i'm coming to. vancouver and el paso and all sorts of places. chris dot com and uh check out. matt's podcast coming out soon. private record coming out wednesday baby. this wednesday january 24th. first episode subscribe on youtube. and leave a comment for us. here thank you is that it. wow what do hello. hello hello will hello hello hello 