 foreign it immediately starts burning. for some reason because i just did the back part. of my hand which is like why. did that burn well i don't know. i put the cream on this. part i'm doing this and so i'm like okay. so that's your fault. first starting off yeah yeah that's definitely my fault. i can't hear him. in mine oh no i can't. yeah yeah it's definitely my fault. for doing that right but what is my fault. is when you get something. right you go wash it. off right so what i did. was i put hand sanitizer which should be soaked. on my hands wash. my hands rinse my hands. and then i start splashing. my it starts burning. more yeah like why. why would this possibly be. burning more i did not know. that there was hand. sanitizer next to this. thing but you did no. no because you live here yeah. but i don't i always use this. soap i didn't know there was hand. sanitizer which one's the soap. i don't know i always pick. this up right no you don't because you if you can't. tell me which one's the soap. then you don't know which one's the soap. but i've never used hand. sanitizer at my own sink you've. used hand sanitizer and you thought. it was no no no because i would be able. to tell the difference because when you wash. your hands with hand sanitizer. it absolutely feels different than. it does with soap right. so what i'm saying is you used. hand sanitizer you're like yeah. it's not really bubbling up like it. usually does and oh that's all right. but no i'm not gonna wash my hands. again i would know if there was hand. sanitizer next to the i've used. hand sanitizer as so before. by mistake not at my house and i have been like oh this must be hand. sanit this is bothering me. so you don't ever screw up. you don't ever do no. i screw up all the time. okay so but i've just not screwed up. in that situation side by side. so you've definitely done it okay. no i haven't i genuinely haven't i'm gonna go. get the two [music]. which one do you use i don't. know the soap one right. but is it white or is. it black i don't even know what if you were. to ask yourself now i wouldn't even know. i wouldn't even know what color. it is now there's a white one. i know and that's all i really know right. i don't know if i'll uh he'll show. me just the white one. then guess what i i don't know. don't even ruin it. because i'll look at it. and i'll say which one i use uh you know. i don't think anyone should ever have. hand sanitizer at the sink well. yeah well the the white one. is this is the soap no. this one's the soap which one which one's the soap. whatever one says so oh yeah yeah where does it. say soap on here there. you go i said that. where does it say something. you just said oh that's what's the song. i said the white one's the song. no and then you said oh no. that's one's the same. because he goes like this. he he falls no no no. he held them both. up listen dude see he can't. be wrong i don't know. what is this i don't use. this but you just said that. was the soap after he [ __ ] i go. like this this is the soap and he goes. like this no he's on both. yeah because why would okay. let me can i just say. this dude look if these two are are on the sink. this is obviously the stuff. that you have to. unscrew and put in this is just a i would never ever. you i i hand to. god i have never used. this uh my sink okay this should not be at the sink okay. i agree with you right. do you know what that could. also be in the white bottle dish. correct but but even if but here's the deal. i have washed my hands with this. show and guess what that's okay. it is okay because you still do. like that but i don't want to. wash my hands with this. soap well yeah well nobody i know. that's not dish soap right. but you also know that. it's the the better of the chance. to make it so your hands. are clean is is right. here because this could be dish. soap now if you're gonna wash your face. you got to look carefully at what. to do one time. i i did a play and this guy ah this. guy put this soap in the thing. and put it and he's like oh and i look and it and he's like what. is this and i look i said ajax. and i was like you got to. go to the hospital yeah i've told this. on the podcast before but like you could go to. the hospital we were doing the play. grease and you put ajax in his eyes. dude and it was so funny. it felt so bad for the guy. yeah that's what it felt. like just now yeah well so you put hand sanitizer in your eyes. and that's how we started sure. okay so listen okay. welcome to the episode. of congratulations david is in tears. already because not even necessarily because of the uh putting this in his eyes. which is the hand sanitizer that. kristen puts next to. the actual soap on the uh. sink and she shouldn't and i agree with that. and but you put it you wash. your hand by the way. you put hand sanitizer on. you and you wash no. bubbles you know not to. put it in your face. right come on you should have. maybe thought what is going. on here no here's what i thought. so i put the hand sanitizer in there. i start doing this i'm like oh this. is some sure this is shitty. soap it sure is because it looks nice. like a soap with that. kind of label in the brown. bottle i'm like man it sure. it looks like shitty soap right. and so i i wash my hands i wash them. all off and i'm like god this. year is shitty and then i my hands are wet. but they're clean and i'm like i have a little bit of water. left and i do this. and i'm like ow ow that you knew right. away what it was though. right uh not really because i was like oh that's just the water. moving the lotion around. so you're not a good detective. okay yeah and then i was like this. i've made a terrible mistake. okay so we all make mistakes. i've made mistakes i would never make that. mistake i would kill it. with that situation you just said you didn't know. which one it was i didn't. say that i said that's the soap. okay and then he goes like this. and i go oh that's the soap. because i thought he was trying. to [ __ ] but he [ __ ] with me so you guys were doing it no he was so so you guys are queuing on and that's fine and oh god and this is an episode of congratulations now i i brought david on here because i i've i've had only guests i've had is my my family really um my brother matt my dad bill and my wife uh kristen uh and everyone has been blood i guess you could say your wife's not blood but that's your family but everyone has either been blood or family but david sullivan and david sullivan is one of my best friends in the whole world i talk about him a lot on the podcast sometimes i refer to him as david sullivan sometimes i talked about as my fat friend and it's okay but that so this is him why would you say i'm in your family yay dude david sullivan's here no you have a lot of fat friends i'm not one of them yeah so so david sullivan is uh one of my best friends in the whole world came with me a few times on the road yes if you you know elephant in the room yes he is i always say you're a great actor okay i say you have a big head and you're fat and you're a great actor and you talk like this boy and i've never talked like you yeah you do dude no no i may have talked like that in junior high when i didn't know how to speak hey boy that's you that's my different southern impression and so but everybody's gonna know you're dumb dumb because now they're hearing me speak and they're like why is he why why is he well he's not fat he's really good looking yeah he's a great actor we can just i mean let me say you look good with a mustache thank you so what is that texting in you well it's a my well i just i had a beard and then uh i have this this show coming up and uh i think the guy has a mustache show up doing the mustang you think you're pretty all right sure well in my mind i'm like yeah that's good because you make real choices as an actor right yeah yeah and so and so that's part of the that's like half the battle or what uh yeah well i'm not a gi joe but yeah. basically you i mean life. is war okay well no it's not. um but you do now. what you do as an actor you look. at a role and you're like okay. how do i find my way. into this role right. and i had a big beard. and i i made the tape. and i was like i don't like it. and then they like me. for the role and i was like you know. what the guy he's like a sleaze. anytime like sleazy or like mustache. mustache so it's kind of a cheat. but i do look good in it. so are you are you do. you think that if you were a an even better. actor you could do it without the mustangs. 100 but but you so you're not you're saying. so what i'm saying is you you. in a way it's like if i were to. put on a fat suit. or and and be an actor i'd have more sympathy. for me for my character. because i'm fat and people will be like oh [ __ ] we got to. feel bad for that guy. if i was really obese right. but if i just show up and i do the character. like that they're not gonna sympathy. for me because my shoulder's going. for days right i'm veed. out and downwards my shoulders. go down my shoulders go out. like this right maybe i'm looking at a difference. and so if somebody looks at me. they're not going to feel. sympathy they're going to be. like how come he has it. all right so if i am a fat guy. in a fat suit. i'm not as good of an actor because how come yes i could have it. all but if i can make my body be more sympathetic. i wouldn't necessarily need the fat. suit so that's a good actor i am. and my goal is to. ultimately play a korean person. without using any makeup. i think i could do it. i think i could do it. you're that good i think i could do. it i don't know if i'm that. good of an actor but i'm that. good at you know kind of just gaslighting. people into thinking that. i'm korean that's well yeah you're good. at gaslighting people for sure but you can't guess like saying you're saying saying people convincing. people that you're fat even though. you're not that's gaslighting no. i don't think you can do that. i don't think i'm saying i'm that. good you're saying if anybody could it. could be you which i don't i'm korean. so if i come up to. you and i say dude. if i come up to. you and i say dude. i'm korean you say. what like and we didn't know. each other oh you were you. were born in korea. yeah and and i have and i'm korean. i'm actually 100 korean oh. okay so my mom and dad. are korean maybe you should see. my brother you wouldn't believe me. oh uh so you had a different. dad no i had it. okay oh you're adopted. you're you're adopted parents adopted. you and they lived there from korea. i think i can make you believe i was korean. i think i could make most people believe i was korean. that's a problem for everyone else. what is it i i know. not for everyone else for you. for you to think that you can. convince somebody there you go. how'd you do that because because because i think that. you have to. have the confidence in life. sure you know yeah um but that's delusional that's acting it. is acting oh yeah it's not healthy. okay you think that christian. bale isn't actually thinking he's those guys when he's being those guys 100. so me and christian bale do. that and yeah he's been offered. more opportunities on cinema. to do that but when it comes. to real life if i need to. pretend that i'm korean in a starbucks. or whatever i bet i could get at least. 30 of the people believing i'm korean if i wasn't crystallia right they know they'd be like oh you're the guy yeah but like if it was just me and i walk in if i just like slink. into a [ __ ] you know diner and i'm just like yeah it's just me people and and just me i need one seat and you got you guys do have korean food. right because i love food. from my home country people will be like really uh i think i get 30. of people yeah yeah no i i think you're right. people will be like oh he was born. in korea and his mom. without her career my mom and daughter korean. by the way i'll get this white fish. and my mom and dad. were born in korea. and immediately people were just like oh yeah. yeah that's you'll be like uh i think a lot. of people would be like he's crazy. but i think so we did agree. to disagree and that's fine. so you're an actor you've been in a bunch of stuff. right yeah um and i've been in a bunch of stuff. too so it's not a big. deal no not as high uh. but we both um we both are. you know you're an actor and you're good. and you're in primer and you were inflate. and you were in a movie with jessica alba. where you played a guy. what was that that whole. movie with sepia toned yeah yeah and what. did you and what what did. you and i'd even see it. and i know it's cps. yeah well i wanted an oscar. i want an oscar. you didn't okay so let's talk about this. so you were in the movie argo. right yeah which is kind of a rip. because there was already a movie fargo well. that has nothing to. do with i know but it's like if i named uh if i had a if i had a movie. come out called ishin impossible. no chris it's kind of the same. no not one person it's a little bit argo. because they're like oh maybe it's just like fargo how about this. sounds like the englishman who went. up a hill but came down. a mountain that's like making a movie. like that because you they already. have them with fargo and now. you're the movie right. right right so they're like oh this. is this is fargo like part. two this is like no. it's just it's obviously yeah no it has nothing and so so if if i made a movie. called idler man right. man and and the guy was swinging. from building to building. but also it was about you know journalists yeah if you have people swinging. from building to building. but this clearly has nothing to. do with it all right. so all right all right. all right so they should have called it. something differently like no that. was the name of the script. the journalist that actually that actually came out. or the that story it was based on a true. story a little bit and the script. that the guy made was called. argo why was it called. argo way before uh the series. fargo came out but fargo the movie. came out first fargo the movie did come out. first argo was based on a true. story about his face fake. screenplay where they went to. go what was the screenplay. called it was called. argo okay so you're let it be known. and this is you know. gonna obviously make huge press. plays but you're saying that. fargo ripped off argo. no i'm not saying that. fargo is a town i. think in probably north dakota so then argo. ripped off the town so something. came first right but you're in that. movie and that movie was gangbusters right. now i didn't thank you. no no no i didn't say. that i actually didn't even just said it. because i'm a bad friend but i have seen all of your other. stuff except for that. and the sepia movie. with uh jessica so you're saying you've only seen two of the things. that i've done i've seen primer. and i've seen so many episodes. two but you were yeah. maybe two three maybe okay um we made like 20. of those that's too many. episodes to make oh really honestly. yeah huh if you were really. we've watched 20 episodes of ncis i know. so what you're saying doesn't make a lot. of what you're saying. ncis is a good show. or a bad show it's a bad. show there you go you. love it but you love it. so because it's bad right. right so there we go so but my show's not. you're welcome for only watching your show. three episodes because it's a good show. dude i don't watch good shows. so there we go i got into. that one now now so you're in the show. flaked you're in the movie. primer you're in the movie. um uh uh argo which you it. won an oscar for what. best picture and and uh i think f. like may have won for director okay. so i thought he went for director no. maybe not no no he didn't he. didn't actually it was it. was uh someone else and i thought remember that. year i was like that's [ __ ] you could win best. picture and not best director yeah. i don't ever understand. how a movie can win. best picture but not best. around yeah do you agree. yeah that's tricky i mean. yeah it's weird because the director is in charge of everything. the whole thing yeah i i well i i think the story itself. was so good and it was yeah. it was produced so well. but i do think yeah i do maybe it wasn't edgy. enough like maybe it wasn't like something in there. where people were like oh it's like but nobody you haven't. watched it so you don't know. but no anybody who's watched. it will say yeah that's a good. movie right like that's a really good movie. that's probably why you don't watch. it because it's good. right probably but it is it. is very strange when when yeah. yeah when it wins. for best picture so you need to. have basically political stuff there. too i'm sure which is why. you need to. be aligned with medical ideology. of the academy and to. be winning everything and then also you have to. have some sort of like edgy. but it was edgy. was kind of edgy yeah yeah. but what one who won. the best director with score city. what was it that year. i know it was excuse me. never won right uh what won. that year for argo. uh rip off of fargo. um but but was there a bet so you won. bet so it won. best picture yeah and you're counting. that as an oscar win. for you well i also won. a sag award it won. sag award for best cast. okay so that's so you're saying i have the plaque. they gave it to. you yeah yeah okay well i they actually sent. they sent me two that. were wrong one of them. was said larry sullivan. they said that in the mail. and i'm like hey i think you guys made a mistake. larry larry the worst because you know. what because you had the mustache. and then i let them know that. and then six weeks go. by i get the thing in the mail. and then they they misspelled they didn't. even finish my last name it. just says david sulliv suloiv and i'm like oh so i actually have three certificates dude. i absolutely yeah yeah i have three certificates larry. sullivan david sullivan okay so you basically. um but yeah i won. uh i won a sag. award for uh that's ensemble. cast and then i i we right. if you watch the if you watch the speech that ben affleck. gives when we won. best picture he thanks me does he yeah. he thinks he's like yeah you know. i don't think he does. he does if you watch it. you'll see it's uh does. he say thank you david. sullivan larry we couldn't have done. it without you dude. now you look like you sell jacuzzis. so what's the deal you. do you really look like you. sell jacuzzis just the way. you're dressed and the way your facial. hair is you obviously are jacuzzi. salesman so how did you miss that. uh calling to be an actor do. you do you draw from like how often do you think about jacuzzis. basically how often do you think about the price. of jacuzzi not once. not once have i ever thought about the price. of jacuzzis i've played at winnebago. sales there we go dude. that's typecast man that's typecast. because they know no dude. that movie they were looking for a 50. year old and i did this movie 10. years ago so i was in my i was barely in my 30s. okay they were looking for a 50. year old overweight maybe i have the energy. of a fat man. there we go we've figured it out. yeah but i don't look. like that so you look. great for your age. i'm gonna tell you that yeah. you know you you you still look. like a winnebago salesman and a jacuzzi. salesman uh i could get you look. like a guy that could go like this. i could get it for way. cheaper than that for you. and if you've unmatched that price that's you. say that a lot oh yeah. yeah so you can beat that. your destiny was probably to. be some sort of salesman. probably i feel like you would be a great. salesman because here's an annoying [ __ ] thing about david sullivan yeah okay and one of the reasons why i love him but then i also hate them because here's the thing i always say this on my podcast if you don't hate your friends your friends ain't [ __ ] okay so here's what i dislike about you you will say hey man [ __ ] uh uh billy's gonna be at the park we're gonna go to. the park 4 30 and i go really and then you tell billy. hey chris gonna be at the park. at 4 30 and then we get to. the park and we realize that we both. said yes without you even. asking the other person first right. so you don't you you will. do what agents do you will. say hey um billy's going. to the park before. even asking billy and you'll tell billy chris is going. to the park this. way you know there's a better. [ __ ] reason for me to. go to the party no no no no no i'll i'll uh i'll be like hey you want. to go to the part. today it's like yeah what time. you want to. go and i'll be like uh yeah four o'clock. and i'll i'll i'll plan on i wouldn't tell you hey go to. the park and maybe my friend's gonna no you wouldn't you'd say. he's he's showing up and then yeah i would only say it. if he said he was going. to come i don't know you got to. come up with a better. example that's that's what you're what i'm saying. is it's really good for a sale. what i will do is i ain't. justify the means if we're all there. having fun at the park. or all they're having fun. at the park it doesn't really matter. if you skirt yeah but no no. no you're a very honest. person though i will give you that. much no but i will make sure that things are lined. up a certain way now if they don't if we get there. and they're not lined up. a certain way that's no longer. my fault like if billy says. yeah i'll be there at 4. 30 we get there 4. 30 he's not there is that my fault. no that's that's not your fault. but that's not what i'm talking. about that is what you're talking. about that's exactly what you just. said so you're talking about something. you're not talking about so you okay. so you won't say to. somebody okay say you send a text. to jason yeah we're going to. the park at 4. 30. he's going to say. who's we that's it that's all. you send to. jason okay you won't tell me right. hey jason and i were going. to meet at the park. for at 4 30. well i don't understand. why that's all you do is say. jason chris and i are going. to be at park. at 4 30. you uhhuh and then to. me hey chris jason and i are going to. the park at 4. 30. yeah you would do that. yeah jason didn't confirm yet. that he's going to. the park for 4. 30. you just told him that. you're going to the park. at 4 30. see you would do. it dude he's an agent. isn't it dude yes i'm a lawyer. yeah but if i say we're going to. the park at 4. 30 and he says okay. that's different but you at your heart. in your heart of hearts. inside your heart there's a smaller. heart that's stronger and the bigger heart. can beat because of how strong. the smaller heart is and in that small heart. you sell jacuzzis and that is what you need for that. you need that heart that beats inside. the bigger heart to. make you who you are and that is your destiny and that is a winnebago. slash jacuzzis no i'm gonna disagree i i. you did kind of catch me. in that but that is because i believe in my friends. if i say if i say hey uh uh uh brent uh i'll see you at the park. at 4 30. i know brent's. not gonna show up till six i i know. that like that's so i wouldn't say hey i'm meeting. brenta park so i i know because of my friend chance who. i can count on who. i can't oh god so it. all sounds you'd like to. think are bad about me. they're actually really good about. it there we go. you just have a weird. eye you have a weird way. of processing things all right. so i you know nailed you. no you didn't tell me. because i don't agree with that. you agree you don't have to. well i didn't agree with it. and you nailed me. and i said you know. you great you agreed. with what i was saying. you go yeah i would do that. and i go yes and you said i'm this. way and i said i don't agree. with that so i'm winning. in the conversation but but here's the thing. dude we've known each other. for uh 20 years close. that's crazy bro yeah i don't want to. know anybody for that that i think this. might be the last the last of hanging knowing someone for too. long is just it's going. to be sad. later because one one of us is going. to die first what is wrong. with you don't you ever think. about that no who do you think will. die first you for sure. why do you say that. you're reckless um i mean. i'm dangerous but like you're reckless. no i think though well like not really like if if who's gonna go. hang gliding out of the two. of us oh yeah well but you don't do. anything so let's talk about you just make bad. decisions but let's talk about two things. okay you i make good decisions. and i know everything's safe go. ahead okay yeah you are uh somebody that. i've known for 20 years. and also you know i don't like to. do too many things right. you like to do everything. right so my question. is what are you running. from right um what if i say hey i'm going to. the max you don't make sense. let's go yeah okay. so that doesn't make sense and it does. so and i'll and let me just break it. down for you let's go. to the mac store. you say all right. cool yeah let's go. [ __ ] it right if i say i don't talk like that hey boy let's go man do they got i can so i could spit my backy in it i've never had a spatoon so tobacco um where your boots at you at the mac store. you guys sell boots are they bluetooth um you got you. got shirts with pockets with the white buttons on it. dude you love shirts. with pockets with white buttons on it. dude it's the most texan [ __ ] of all time all right. two two one here one here yeah. i love it so so you wear that so and so now you are you. do it you and if i say so let's go. episode you said let's go. if i say let's go get a lunch. you say let's go if i say let's go hike. you say let's go yeah. if i say let's go to. vegas this weekend you go like this. yeah let's go yeah okay. so what are you running. from i'm not running. from it it makes sense. though because why are you always doing all of this. [ __ ] let me refresh the question. is there anything you're running. from you've already asked. me that and i said no is there. anything you're running from no okay. i i the walls are up. i grew up in a small. town but in that small town. i was surrounded because it was small. there was a lot of people in my little area. and in girl i have an older. brother older sister but i also had six exchange students. over the course of like 12. years so there was always people a lot of people in my house. yeah so i like being around. people that i like and the rest of the time. guess what i'm with me. and i like me but i also like being around. people that i like and believe it. or not i like you i've liked you for a long. time and so i i like i like being around. you and also it feels it. also feels good for me to. help people and you're one of my friends. who needs a lot. more help than most people so i happen. to be around you a lot. because you need a lot. of help um and that makes me. feel good so you're using me. no it makes you feel good. i need help and you're using me. i'm helping you if you look at it. under a different list why. do you look at everything. so negative because i'm different. dude you know how they say dude. i'm built different thing i'm different yeah. i'm different dude and that's honestly. thank you're welcome dude. and here's the thing thank my parents. too if if um you know. uh i was raised in a different. uh city or town i could have possibly. been a warlord but because i came from. la canada and my parents. were my parents i'm just a very specific comedian instead of that the problem. is you actually think that that's true. dude honestly i i would like i i i i i would like to. say you're welcome for me. not being alone the lord. said thank you i know. but i'm saying it mostly to. the people who listen to. congratulations but i on the other hand. going to back going. back to what you might be running. from and maybe you're not running. from anything is what you're saying. i'm saying you know everybody's. running from something but for me i don't do things. because i don't want to. get outside of my comfort zone. and i am i am scared. of certain things and i don't want to. try new things because uh i live in my head. and in my own world that's not an answer. that's the you don't have your headphones. on but that's the jeremy renner. [ __ ] that went oh my god you know how sometimes it goes you have these things queued up well i thought they were done. in post anyway but that's not an answer. that so why don't you do. things that you know might be enjoyable you said you're scared. what are you scared. of having a good time. i don't know like when we were in boston i'm gonna turn the tv. off in the other room. yeah and i was like hey dude we're in boston let's like go. let's walk the paul revere trail. like let's see where paul revere rode and like you know. warned ever the bridge and you were like no. no we don't do that. and i'm like what does that. mean we don't do that. he's like we got coffee. we chill at the hotel. we eat we do the show. i'm like yeah but but you just said second. right there sounds [ __ ] banging dude. you me being all like this. on some cobblestone but we're not just gonna like see. like we're gonna experience like what what. the history we're gonna like be in the place. that like changed history like you don't know. how that would make you feel. because you haven't let yourself try it. history already happened dude we got to. deal with it i know but to. be in touch with that that's how we learn. we love we learn. from our past so there's probably something. that you're dealing with and like not necessarily the past. but like you don't want to. put yourself outside of your comfort. zone because you may learn. something about yourself that you may. not like and that you may. have to do work to. fix it and doing work on yourself. is scary echoing i get yours. right here his name is paul. revere it's a horror movie. fire for my childhood. anyway canned crystallia in crystalia. and jeremy renner dude. it's like that [ __ ] hell jordan peele does. his like does oh you can put the microphones. on but dude dude it's like what jordan peele. does the old the slow. songs for the horror movie. and [ __ ] just i gotcha i got what's right. here his name is paul. revere dude that sounds dope. put it on yeah hell yeah. dude listen listen this. is like jordan peel movie the horror. movie it's called can you hear it. yeah can you hear this. can you hear this can you hear that. oh yeah yeah dude i got you. i got yours right. here his name is paul. revere right are you. off me yeah well yeah because i have to. keep hitting it anyway. but wait what and so with that. it's a zoom and then your face. gets me off figuring out no. it goes in my eyeball. and in my eye there's fire. all right and it's my it's me. as a kid and [ __ ] right right. demon crawls inside my mouth. all that kind of [ __ ] so let yourself experience things that's all i'm saying or live in my head dude. foreign yo it's so dope. to live in your head. i do have problems um and i would like to. confront some of my problems. and i have confronted a lot. of my problems but it is actually. [ __ ] hard a yes dude it's so hard you know what i tell you man i hate being alone. i hate being alone. and it's very weird and i don't mean. by the way with my phone. or anything i mean alone. like alone alone yeah i i don't like that. do you have you asked. yourself why you don't like being alone. because we are not going. to get into the territory so that go. ahead so that answers your question. like you don't want to. look inward to see. what it is that you need to. work on because it's scary. and it's going to. require work you you you. have you have had a lot. of things go your way. yes you're a hard worker. but like you your life. has been pretty good this. is okay like you you have a family. who loves you you you're you're they support. you like you've always felt their love and in having that. love and that support system. you pursued a career that. by all means you should not succeed. in but the fact that you had that support. and the fact that you were good. at it and you worked. hard at it and you did. have something special i wouldn't say that. you could be a warlord but thank god. that there are still you do. still have issues that you need to. work on and because your level of success. has you have been rewarded for your behavior. you haven't spent time to. think about the things that really trouble. you and i think i think you're on your way. in doing that tiles done. man that's so shitty what you just. did file done dude. we did you hear anything. i said i did or were you thinking about what. what joke can i make well. i was thinking that too. yes okay now i don't you know. it's like you know okay. you know i'm saying you're not saying anything yeah but so i you can't. say you know what i'm saying. if you're not saying anything rappers do it. all the time yeah um so sit with yourself. i do do that and i hate it. yes what you hate it. because you're realizing that there are things that you have to. work on and and you only want to. work on three things you want to. work on coffee and comedy. and and chilling but like that's not. you've created a world. where that's okay because i mean. we're literally doing this in your house. but like there's a world out there. and you've got to. know how to like experience yourself in that. world and the only way you're gonna do that is by practicing it. by doing things outside your comfort. zone i see what you're saying. so like i'm too late. to learn what i'm too. insular i need to. be like doing stuff like like hot. air balloon rides and [ __ ] sure basically you're saying if i do enough hot. air balloon rides i'll i'll if i did. a a hot air balloon. ride and then also some like uh some like yoga and then also. a trek yeah you think that out. trek would make somebody a better person. yes you do uh but but i would start with a walk around. the block you live in a beautiful. neighborhood i do sprints. that's not what i said. okay i said i'll walk. around the block all right. like just go out hey i'm gonna go for a walk. for a half hour and come back. and i you'll probably come back. in tears because you would have used that. time to do something that matters. and you know what that's okay. that's growth because you're you're checking into. something that you don't. allow yourself room to check into. because you think oh there's a lot. of darkness in there oh there's a lot. of problems in there yeah but how do you fix. those problems how do you how do you shine a light. on that darkness right. by asking yourself those questions i think that would be awesome. and i i yeah i don't know. i think you'll you'll be a lot. happier and you'll allow yourself. to do cooler. things um so hey you're welcome. no honestly you're a bad therapist. how uh i'm not a therapist but how how is anything. how was anything i said bad. no it wasn't bad it. was said you're a bad therapist. no no i'm just saying i'm but that is what you said. i know but i'm just saying that. you'd be a bad therapist we know. that you don't have any training. but um if i had training yeah. i would be a great. therapist yeah just like you if you practice. at anything long enough you get good. at it like anything right. if you keep doing it. obviously well not i mean not not necessarily like i could try. as hard as i wanted. to be a [ __ ] alignment on the nfl. but i can't i couldn't do that. right if you practice. hard enough obviously you wouldn't have the same. physical capabilities but you could have been a good lineman in high school. what are you 5. 10 5 11. i'm 6'2 man. were you six two in high school. oh uh uh i don't know i don't remember. yeah you're probably like five you're a short. guy you kind of have short. guy syndrome um so you were probably. like five six five seven. and if you worked out hard. enough then you could have done. it i'm veed out my [ __ ] goes you know from my ear to. the end of my shoulder it's oh it's we it's a weird. amount of space let me. see huh it's a weird. amount of space right. like if okay i'll put it this. way you're saying you have short. legs put it this way. if a pirate was on top. of your head and another person. that the pirate wanted to. walk the plank and he said walk. the plank ready and he had to. walk off your shoulders the guy. would be like no i'm gonna die. so soon if they did it. to me on my head. they'd be like phew at least. i have some time. okay that that's all. i'm saying there's a lot of real. estate between my ear and the end. of my shoulder yeah but it's specific yeah that's what i'm saying so but you don't like when i live in my head oh i should go out and do hot air balloon rides in a trek dude i got [ __ ] in my head that i live here and this is why i live here and you're laughing having a good time you're welcome i sacrifice myself for others dude we understand we understand convince yourself of things that aren't true though [ __ ] agent [ __ ] that's dangerous though like yeah you're inside your head the majority of the time you're you you're you you're who you have to. be with but there's a world out there. man so when you go out. there and you are doing something. you've never done before yeah. you feel good because of what. not always sometimes it's like oh this. sucks but like a lot of times it's like oh i can i can see. what's cool about this. or like they're very optimistic. you're an optimistic person. i am i i i try to. live more positively than i i. you used to. i try to. be part positive and i try. to look at the things. in a different way yeah. you know because i think that you have to. grow in life and i know we're joking. around about how i [ __ ] i i [ __ ] don't like everything but that's obviously another things i like no there's things i like and like i wanna i wanna be more often to. you know to what what are. they right now well uh for instance i mean. i love you i love. being a dad i love having a family. and [ __ ] like that but you think that that doesn't count because i'm just here. anyway but you know you're talking about. things to get out there. and learn about myself like you want me. to pick up an abacus and start. learning how to. do it but it did you know. and it's like i just want you to. have a hobby i do. need a hobby yeah i've tried. certain things you know. but if it's not with my son. or my family like like i went to. color me mine with calvin. and we all painted like like mugs and [ __ ] i had a blast dude. if i went to. do that alone dude. i got yours right. here his name is you know. what i mean no i think you do. i don't know what all. this stuff is so in movies. when songs slow down and they get lower yes. it's ominous yes all right yeah. so people could be having a good. time and then all of a sudden a slow. uh ominous song happens and it zooms into. someone's eyeball and you see into. their soul and so if they're doing this. song from guys and dolls that. nicely nicely sings [laughter] and it's going. uh because usually the song's like i got your whole time. here his name is the weather. is clear i can do can do. right but if you slow. it down and make it more ominous i got yours. [applause] blair weathers clear and you go inside. my soul and you see me. as a little child on. fire my former self and my mom. is in the back but we just see a shadowy. figure but i know who it is. okay you know there's some deeper. [ __ ] going on yeah all right yeah yeah everything that isn't nurturing can be trauma and can do starring crystalia and michael chiklis. and so and a woman who you can't. tell what her race. is and it comes. out on [ __ ] hulu tell me that doesn't make sense well i just didn't understand all the zooms and all the the the things that you were doing that's because you're too busy. [ __ ] hiking dude and doing traps oh god and learning. how to play pickleball. no me i sit how did i distract myself. with friends and [ __ ] and my son and i'm in my head dude but whatever dude speaking ahead we got [ __ ] life rips bucket hats dude chrisley dot com you know what i will be in sugarland texas i will be in uh san antonio texas i will be in san diego you go to. see crystalia dot com you go. to all the tours. you go to go new york. new york i'm gonna go to. chicago i'm gonna go to. seattle i'm gonna go to. portland i got a bunch of different. places that i'm going to. i want to. be on tour chrisley dot com. and uh and that's what's up. why don't you take it. out and then put it under the desk and then you can put it under there. this way i'll go under it. um but yeah that's where i'm good. that's we're gonna be almost throw up. in my mouth but that's where i'm gonna be and um and uh so if you want. to come see me on. tour go to kristalia. dot com and if you want that. chrisley emergency go to. chrysler dot com and appreciate you. hey guys that's it. for the episode for youtube if you want to. catch the uncut the uncensored the raw. the unedited version all you got to. do is go over go on over. to our patreon that's patreon. dot com crystalia and you will. get the rest of this episode. and you will also get the extra episodes. um that are one one we do one. a month for only patreon people so and you can get that. for just six dollars. a month so that's patreon. dot com crystalia thanks a lot. [music] thank you [music] 