 [music] runk hey guys and welcome. to another episode of [music]. congratulations conratulations i do i do this. because so i get i have um what do you call. it uh a little bit of tennis elbow. what do they call it. um tendonitis and when i have uh i got a good um stretch i got a bunch of good. stretches from my my buddy. anthony uh who works with the lakers. over there you know and um since i'm an athlete. he he he he sent me. over some uh some ideas um and this one's the best. dude for the tendonitis. take your one finger like this. put your arm straight. dude and then just bend it like this. bend the hand like beckham just like that. just do it like that. now here's the thing dude. i do this a lot. now i do it a lot. cuz you don't just stretch before. you work out you stretch on the days. that you're resting too. to keep it stretched and so i'm walking. around like this a lot. and that's also the thing that the white. supremacists do so i don't mean to. do that i don't want to. do that i'm not a white supremacist. if you see me doing that. it's because i'm stretching out my tendonitis. all right remember that. guy who got like uh just completely doxed. because he was driving. by someone and just his hands happened. to be like that or the cop. that was just in a picture also this. means a okay you know. so it's aok but also it's aok. kk more like that um so yeah anyway that's what i do and i did that at the gym. and uh and now i'm i'm feeling. good though dude and i did the i did. the pullups i did whatever. i don't want to. talk about the the the workout but i will say though. you know what what going. to the gym is for me. i i i'll tell you what going. to the gym is for me. like this is it's it's a bit. like a video game it's like a um a choose. your own not a choose. your own adventure um a role playing game. gym they should be there. should be a game called. gym and gm and you go. to the gym as either. uh well no you go to. the gym period. and when you get there. you have to. the whole goal is to. talk to no [music]. one and you have to. avoid eye contact with people okay. now i understand i have a bit of like you know. people know who i am so people. are going to. talk to me more than the a regular person. but my whole time at the gym. is trying to avoid eye. contact because i don't want anybody to. say anything to. me not because i don't like people i love people but when i go to. the gym i don't want to. have a i don't even mind. saying hey but you don't know oh hey what's up. hey hey bro hey oh thank you. very much oh cool. good good to. see you but but i what i don't. want to do is get locked get absolutely. locked in to. one of those um conversations. that lasts because bro when i'm at the gym. i'm there to do. it right i'm there to. jump around i'm there to. push weight push rs like weight. push rs like weight i'm there. to do that like that all right. so uh anyway that's what i'm there. to do and if somebody comes. up to me and talks. to me very cool keep it. brief because guess what my heart. rate's at 140. something okay how am i supposed. to be talking some people go. to talk some people go. that's their social life. and that's great i think that's cool. i got to learn. about boundaries i guess i got to. be like you know what i'm going. to finish this set let me. do two three more and then i'm going. to have a conversation with you. even though i still don't want. to but it's all good. it's all good but anyway i'm trying. to avoid eye contact and it's so weird. this there's one woman at the gym. that talks to everyone and has never talked to. me and now i'm like i think she probably either knows my comedy. knows something and just hates. me i always think people hate me. because she talks to. everyone but me um and i'm like uh and i'm working out. today and finally she said something. like oh and she's like oh it said something. nice and i'm like oh i'm i just make stuff. up dude i guess i just make stuff. up in my head oh that. person hates me why dude. i can't get over that. it's so stupid i know i talked about it. my last special grower diet you can go get it. on christ dot com. but every time i walk in a room. i think everybody hates me. hey every time he walks in a room. he thinks everybody hates him. hey it's all good baby. but um yeah that's super sad. but it's all good um but yeah you know. is it because i went to. uh um is it because i went to. uh prek when i went. to preschool you know one. of the teachers grabbed my face. too hard and it was abus. yeah you know it could have. been could have been i still done. the slide head first so what did. she do she goes like this. and squeeze my face hard. could it be that i don't. know that did it happen. in my developmental years. yes dude and do i develop. slowly yes i develop slowly. i'm 43 and i am a 30yearold. i am how a 30. year old should be i develop. slowly when i was 12 i was six i develop. slowly i even went to. puberty late i went to. puberty late it's like 8:30 p.m. hey now but i went. through it late um anyway it is what it is it's a lifelong. battle and then you die. right then you die. isn't that like i'm going. to be 44 and i think about oh my god half. of my life is is is is over. and the only thing that matters. is now i guess right. but then also now is now too you ever. think about that and now is also now. and pretty soon now is going. to be the end and then after that. now won't be anything because you'll be dead. all good manist right. but these are the things i think of and i have ocd. and that's okay and but i do i have ocd. and the intrusive thoughts have been very very very very very very hardcore lately. i wake up intrusive thought. i go to bed. intrusive thought hang out my son. everything's great but wait. a second there's an intrusive thought. put the little one. down to sleep. intrusive thought wake up intrusive thought okay i'm going. to watch a little bit of dat. line intrusive thought everyone's going to. kill me intrusive thought you know what i'm saying am i going. to get poisoned intrusive thought. do i think about it. too much yes is it. all good no it's controlling. my life intrusive thoughts are controlling. my life and let me tell you something. if intrusive thoughts aren't controlling your life who are you and what kind of unimaginative person are you here we are making excuses for it yeah i d here we are here we are for making excuses here we are for thinking your uh uh uh terminal uniqueness yay dude turn on uniqueness yay but i just don't know dude i don't know man i got to. i got to shed that. [ __ ] you know i'm up on my uh uh uh pro prozac what is it the i have the take the i don't know what the hell it. is pro the the generic. version of prozac he's. on 80 milligrams holy [ __ ] everyone he's. on 80 milligrams holy [ __ ] every day. he takes 80 milligrams holy. [ __ ] dude he might take more he's thinking about hitting up. his psychiatrist maybe they take more. holy [ __ ] dude he may unless say go to. 100 milligrams holy [ __ ] he's going to. be the only guy on 500. milligrams a day of pro. like holy [ __ ] dude just 500 milligrams just no intrusive thoughts. but also no thoughts just dude. i want to. take so much well no i don't want i want to. i don't want to. we don't talk about that. the drug abuse and all that. stuff and i would never do. that you know and good thing. i never took drugs because if i did wow. we'd be dead it's all. good dude i don't mean to. start this podcast off as a nihilist. but baby i'm a nihilist. um anyway uh we're off and running. and we're kicking i went to. dude you know what he did. do today though oh you know what he did. i wrote uh well no i don't want to. um i went to. the gym and then after after that i ran. out oh i ran out of protein. powder now dude i don't i don't like let me. tell you something right. now i don't like talking about protein. powder i don't like talking about. protein i don't like talking about. eating chicken i don't like talking about. getting your getting your protein. in i don't like talking about how much protein. you eat i got a buddy. that can't go three days. without talking about what protein. did you have and i i hang up. on them i we're not on. the phone but that mentally. i just go and it's corny. to talk about protein. alas here we go. i ran out of the protein. powder now years ago. somebody told me what protein. powder to get i got two. i got two big clunks. of it just you know. you can get the pro. for some reason like there's just too much. protein powder in a in a in in a pro. in a thing it's just like you need a uh what do. you call it one of those one of those. dollies to bring it i got two. of them they delivered it. to the house i'm talking about. i got them seven. no five six years. ago dude got them i got two. or three i think i must have gotten. three just finished them okay just finished. them went you know here and there with taking a protein. lately been really on it. because i want to. get the gains and i you know what i mean. i'm do working on. my pro pullups been pushing. the the bench i don't like to. talk about working out but um finished it went. to but so i was like you know. what i'm gonna i'm when i hit up. bradley martin you know did. the podcast raw talk i was like hey what's a good protein. you get he said i'm going. to send you some i said oh said yeah. what's your address i give him. my address i go like this. great can't wait didn't get it. didn't send it obviously forgot. it all good doesn't matter not going. to hit him up a was a protein. don't care right. was a nice gesture for him. to even suggest it also maybe it just didn't come yet. i have no idea okay. so i uh now i'm not going to. ask him hey dude i know you didn't send the protein. but i actually want to. go get protein so. what's you never answer. me what's a good protein. to get whatever dude i i'm i'm in this. little bit of a you. know i'm in a i'm in a tight. i'm in a tight spot. here so i could also ask another musly. guy but you know he's a bit of my friend. so i'm like you know what after the gym. i say hey you know. what i'm just gonna go to. gnc i'm gonna go to. gnc like a [ __ ] [ __ ] you know what i'm talking about anyone. that goes to. gnc is a [ __ ] [ __ ] and i don't mean you shouldn't get stuff. from gnc i do not mean. that at all i don't mean. you shouldn't get gnc products. i mean get them. online going into a. gnc now is like going. into a radio shack get it. online also is radio shack. even i don't even know but dude. if so but i know nothing about protein. stuff so i'm like you know. and you know what and i'm like dude. i'm out i'm out i'm having a good. time i don't really go. out that much i do two things. besides going on the road i i drink coffee. i go out to. get coffee and i go. work out so you know. what i'm at right. now going to gnc so i go. to gnc dude now i didn't know gnc's were standalone. shops i thought they were only. at the mall i literally thought that they were only next to. j crew or [ __ ] orange julius's. on floor two the furthest. away from the your right. here dot right where the [ __ ] where is it. oh it's a it's next to. claire's accessories and [ __ ] uh electronic boutique oh. it's all the way over. near the not the macy's the other one. the dillards or whatever. the [ __ ] oh it's so far i got to. go so i go to. the standalone gnc i. walk in hey dude can't first of all well. let me say there's two reasons to. go do a g gnc. one is if you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] two is if you are wider than you are tall okay because you're beef beef cake okay and if you've been to. ultra in miami more than more than two. times okay so i go to. gnc and i'm the only guy who is going. to gnc by the way. that isn't listening to. sandstorm the song sandstorm in his car. and i get out and i walk in now one. guy in there and he works. there okay so just goes to. show you the only people that go to. gnc are well now the guys. are who are wider than they are. tall [ __ ] [ __ ] and guys that work there that's fine okay but i'm like what kind of guy works. at gnc i don't know who who works. at gnc does a does a regular guy. work at gnc or does like a gnc nutritionist work at gnc or does a guy. have to go to. a class and know [ __ ] or do you just are you just literally there because you're an inperson cash register right. so i go in there. and i'm like what kind of guy. does it now the guy. who's in there pudgy indian. guy and and i'm just like huh. i guess you don't have to. know [ __ ] because now i don't mean to. be i'm i'm not being racist. at all i'm it's more about the and i you know. i'm i'm i'm taking a liberty with saying. he's pudgy he could have been in great. i don't know how strong. he was but it wasn't the guy. i thought that would work at gnc all right. i walk in and the guy and i i'm i don't here's what i don't. want the number one. thing i don't want when i go. into a place don't ask me if i want help. if i want help i'll come. to you now of course that's backwards. than what everybody wants when you walk. in people usually want help. because you're going to. a place that's why you're not online. ordering the stuff now right so the guy says hey can i help you and i go all right i guess i guess we're doing this i'm full on i'm i am in fullon person mode right now today okay i did something and now i'm doing another thing and i'm out in public and somebody's asking me if i want help i'm straight up i might as well be a mom at this point you know what i'm talking about like i am full on brain activated person mode you know cuz like we're not people every day every day some sometimes you ever lie around like a sack of [ __ ] you ever just lie around or how about when you just go to. work and you're on autopilot you're not really being a person. but i'm a i mean i just worked out. i am engaged i walk. into a gnc somebody says how may i help. you here we go i'm just absolutely. locked in and i'm ready. to go cuz i'm i'm a person. so i say uh yeah i'm just kind of looking. around just trying i ran out. of my protein stuff so and then i i made a fatal. mistake i said cuz i kind of got i was just. i was feeling too good. i was feeling too good. as a as a person you know. when you're out there. and you're just like feeling. your [ __ ] you're like dude i'm i'm i'm i'm actually let's just strike it. up because i'm also if i can lead the conversation. i'm better if somebody comes. up to me off guard. i'm [ __ ] but the guy says uh what do you want uh uh he said you know how can help you i said oh yeah i didn't have my protein. i said i ran out. and you know what i'm sick. of my other stuff you know. i don't want to. get the same stuff as before. now that is just a green. light for well you know what. you know why don't we look. at the over here what do you want. the do you want to. so i'm i'm like oh god. here we go so the guy. who looks like he wouldn't work. at gnc says why don't you try. this it's new and guess what already. sold you know why i don't care. okay whatever whatever you know. hey also it's a little bottle it's it's this. big it's not a big. jumbo thing so i'm like oh good that's the i'm like i'm in it. doesn't take up too. much space and uh uh he says i said oh yeah he says yeah it's fire. i say oh first of all i didn't know. i did not know indian. guys say fire like that. unless unless they were like oh look at that. guy blowing fire out of his mouth. or something right like i didn't know but he was just like yo. this gnc product is fire. it's called like boa or something. i don't even know what the hell. was called this is fire. i was like oh yeah he says yeah cuz it's got this. in it i don't know. what he's saying but he's it's got this. it so you know it's fire. he said and i said oh really he said yes. it's actually it's really great. and it's got no sugar. in it no added. sugar so that's fire. and he kept saying an ingredient was in it. and then it was fire. so i say all right. and he kept saying it until i finally. said you know what that. is fire all right. i'll get it he said cool. do you want another one. because if you get two the second one's half. off and i said no no thank you. he says all right i go. ring it up and he says all right. cool oh look you save. 40 bucks if you get the other one i oh no. no no you're up selling it. now i feel like this. isn't fire now i feel like that this is the one. that the promo thing is that maybe you're making a percentage. out of this [ __ ] so now i'm going to. put stuff in my body. and i don't know what it. is but i didn't know what it. was anyway even though. the past 5 years. so it doesn't matter it doesn't matter. protein is protein. and whatever it is but i don't like talking. about protein i don't talk. about protein uh and afterwards. i ate a chicken. dude so it's all good. man i got to. get [ __ ] prot and i got a protein. bar dude i'm g to. eat so much protein. i swear to. god i'm not going to. [ __ ] for three weeks. i'm going to eat. so much protein it's going. to be so packed into. me and i don't yes straight up i'm not going. to [ __ ] it's going to. be so clogged up people are just going. to be like is that chris over. there and i'm just going. to be like this the protein. up to my lungs just what's wrong. with chris all of those are protein. i i haven't sh i haven't sh. three weeks what kind of protein. you eating i don't know. but there no add sugar. it's a it's fire oh yeah. it's abol fire k mean. and all that stuff is fire. really what is it here. go inf a pun indy. fire get two one half off. um so anyway that was my day. dude and you know what else happened. nothing that's it that was it. that was straight up it. so there you go. and there you have it. the patreon episode last week. are the was the uh was the one. i i talked with cal you got to. send up for the patreon to. see that but that was so fun. to be talking with cal. he just ran in and we started. talking and it was really. beautiful um i love i love. that and uh it was super. fun you know the boys. got the gift of g. just like his father right. just like his father just like his father. um i will be in let's see. houston shreport corpus christie doing standup. shows durham north carolina. that's my birthday show uh norfolk virginia. grand rap grand. rapids michigan fort wayne. indiana sagen n nimo bc. which is a place that. they just made up they had like extra letters and they were just like we got two. ns and then some vows. just throw it just make it. out of there um and then victoria bc. austa georgia have i played augusta yet. uh north charleston south carolina st petersburg florida. chattanooga tennessee charleston west uh virginia. de moine and green. bay never been a green. bay there's only 100,000 people. in green bay dude what what is um there's a shooter in uh august. augusta now like in the college. i think he was shooting up. the college or whatever and that's that's really sad. um do you see it. no made it up completely. made it up somebody said that. to me i don't know. if it's true all this stuff and this. ai and what people are saying. and like all this you know. i i don't what is fact. i don't know what's fact. i don't i don't know what's fact. or or not fact anymore. i just straight up don't know. and somebody says hey did you hear this. and i use that as a talking. point in another conversation cuz i'm. a [ __ ] idiot oh yeah there was a shooter in augusta oh really yeah who told you that frank i you know i it may not be true i don't give a [ __ ] i don't know frank said it take it up with him um but yeah so i i i just don't i don't i don't know anymore. you know oh [ __ ] the [ __ ] uh the shane gillis. stuff on snl is crazy. to me um i i don't here's the thing. dude like comedy is. always going to. exist like you're going to. be able to. i mean look they i guess. they could go really far. and make laws against you know. certain things you can't. say and of course there's always going to. be the networks that shy. away from the stuff uh and shane. gillis was cancelled. uh a long time. ago when he got sat. night life because people drug. you know um dug up. you know something he said on the podcast. i don't even know what it. was um and uh now it all came full. circle he hosted saturday. night live now and i i guess. i haven't been online. honestly but i i i i kind of looked the other day. at a few things and people were like this. is unbelievable you know. he's talked about uh down syndrome. and uh i don't know i don't know what else but people. were like saying this is outrageous. and i'm just like here's there's there here's the thing. if you don't like that i like it. i like his i like him. doing his jokes i like he should be able. to do that stuff if you don't like that. if you think some things are off limits and you shouldn't do stand. up uh uh jokes about certain things. and you shouldn't talk about certain things. fine but when you say or when you write. articles about this is terrible. what what what he talked about was awful. you're only only losing because the people who think it's okay or even marginally are like don't care. they they they have to. make that guy their hero. now oh well they can't. what do you mean. you can't say that oh [ __ ] oh you know what no yeah good good say what if you just let it go it would be fine but it's not you don't let it go so now there needs to. be a hero if you make him. a bad guy then that means the people who don't believe. that have to. think that you're the bad. guy when it could all just be chill. it could just be a joke. but you made it that way. so now the gloves. are off i guess you know. it's just weird it's so odd. because nobody really cares. that's why in a week. no one cares cuz nobody really cares. um you don't you don't win. that way you know you don't win. that way i don't think but yeah props. to him for doing it. you know i like when comedians do. sat life hosting you know. also the the funniest thing to. me was didn't he say something. about as asians the first time. around when he got fired at snl. and then uh there's that big that. big asian there's asians. in the cast like i love how they just like right. now what was the guy's name. bowen or something like i love how that. dude is just like you're getting you're getting who oh. okay like he [laughter]. can't like he he can't. but but but what about this. stuff oh it doesn't matter now. anymore oh okay oh okay oh okay okay well then i'll just you want me to. still do goofy characters oh okay. okay you know everyone is so scared. of everything that it just just relax. it's all fine we're here. along for the ride. it's gonna be fine dude. and if it's not it's not going. to be because of someone said on a comedy. show it's not going to. not be fine because of something. somebody said on a comedy. show it's going to. be not okay because of other things. like war like fighting. like somebody poisons someone not because of a monologue. on jimmy kimmel and i don't even. like the [ __ ] late night talk shows i'm just saying you don't have to. worry about it um but i i don't know. you know people are like it's a win. for comedy it's it's it's not people for it's fine. it's fine say whatever. you want as is a joke. and you know what i what i don't. get is uh there's god damn it. they're trying let me tell you something. um there is a magazine and i'm telling you. right now there is a ma magazine. there is a magazine. called pedro pascal okay. there is [ __ ] pedro pascal magazine. okay hey you are making you are. creating you know what you're creating. honestly for ped pascal. a [ __ ] disaster you know what i'm talking about he is going to. be so [ __ ] people can't handle that [ __ ] this like you know you become crazy he's going to. have an awful life. because of and and and you are building. him up to maybe he's not white. so but you're building. him up to tear. him down i know he's uh latin and also gay. i think so maybe he won't be torn down but they h. a pedro pascal. magazine like the psychotic example this. physical example that i have. now that i have to. do but by the way i like petri pascal. i'm not saying i don't to. learn my lines what do you got there. pedro so this is this like psycho first letter. of every gi oh i use that. that that that you do next. to the um actual text. yeah like well no like i i'll take it. so you just see the bunch of letters right. so it'll be like so basic. i'm the unibomber um yes you just use the first. letter of each word and in kind of these sort of like towers. these like columns i guess. w that is crazy and then it's this. very very tedious way. of like making yourself learn. the line um so that you're not um i suppose. like making cho choices while like if if you're in a scramble and trying to. sort of like learn text. really quickly it isn't even sort of that. artistic it really is this. kind of like technical way i guess. that that that i've had to. acquire because of that horrible. experience of forgetting your lines. oh man wow wow acting is so not hard. you know that they have to. do this [ __ ] to. be like i'm hey i'm really working. you know and i this look dude. there are great actors p. pas is a great actor i'm not saying he's not i'm just saying the thing. that has convinced actors that they're so necessary. for survival you know the celebrity of it. like it's such like there's so there. there's the top level. acting you can make acting as hard. as you want like you know. what acting mostly is learning. lines and you know how you learn lines. you just keep going over. and over them you keep going. over and over i take out. the first letter of every every uh thing and i put it on a graph. and then i this way. i know and then i no dude. it's just easy and you're making it. hard because you feel bad you don't do. anything i know hot take i get it. and he's a good actor i'm not trying. to say he's not i don't. know maybe i'm just stirring a pot. but it's just like did you see the thing. about how it said i was dude. i was scrolling and it there. was news and it said pedro pascal. has uh admitted that there is a uh he started. a fantastic 4 group chat. and i didn't click on it. because i don't care but i guess. he's doing fantastic it's going. to be him and john krinski i think and uh they were going. to make the silver. server uh a woman which was great. which was so great they stopped doing. that i think because madame webb ate utter. [ __ ] and they're like okay all right we tried we all right listen. women we tried okay but it's like you just the box. office is keeps eating [ __ ] so we're gon to. make uh we're going to. make them men again. yeah cuz women don't want to. see themselves as the women. silver surfer you know. if i say to. my wife hey you hey you think it'd. be cool if the silver surfer. was was a woman you know. my wife would say what. the [ __ ] is the silver surfer. you know i had to. listen to this thing on apple. news it was like w. the wnba was isn't n. just has got a few tricks. up its sleeve and it's not. just women's basketball and it's like dude. i guess the this article was trying. to say that women's basket. wnba was more watched now. and made more money now. and was more competitive now. than it's ever been and i'm just like cool. it's been around 28 years. all right so course and also everything. gets more right cheese gets cheesier. chickens get bigger you know. what i'm talking about comedy. gets edgier right people get madder. sports get better and pretty. soon women can dunk but they can't. so it's like the wnba. okay it's making more money. it's generating two they're like it. generated $200 million last year that's double. it ever did okay. fine but my old thing is honestly. who's watching it who's watching. the wnba comment if you are who and i don't mean. who's watching highlights i don't mean that i don't mean. who's the curiosity click i mean. who sits and go turns. on espn 9 and goes like this. oh dude i can't wait the sparks. are playing the cherries. or whatever the [ __ ] their names are can't. wait dude and then sits. down for two and a half. hours and watches watches a bunch of layups oh [ __ ] she takes it to. the hole she takes it. to the hole oh [ __ ] okay well she did a layup. yeah oh here she goes. oh she oh she did the crossover. oh she did oh oh okay. there's another layup. all right oh dude she gets the ball. oh she passes. it to another person. another girl oh [ __ ] oh okay okay so it was a layup. yeah okay okay well she missed. it oh oh wait oh wait. her teammate gets it okay. yeah no it's a layup. like that's just and she shoots. the threepoint oh and it hit the rim oh she picks it. up oh okay no yeah she made a layup. that's the announcers for for the [ __ ] wnba. oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] she gets it oh she gets it nothing exciting. oh [ __ ] oh she made a layup. okay cool great great and another thing. oh go go she got the ball. oh oh off the oh oh oh she rebounded. oh she dropped it. oh she got it oh oh nothing. exciting oh she made the layup. okay oh she got a layup. another layup okay and i'm just like i know i'm hating. but like dude you're like watching the wnba. and i'm just like hi. lebron plays you're playing to. doing the [ __ ] nba and i'm just like okay oh hi james harden plays turn on that. dude you really want to. see it go up. and smoke put it on during the nba. that's football right whatever. wait what's the bas the basketball. one um [ __ ] yeah dude a layup. even the highlights are just a pass. she didn't travel the the the the the the highlights aren't even positive they're they're they're at least not negatives. she passed and she made it not a brick. a she got hit in the tits and kept on going. oh got kicked in the psy. but that's fine because she doesn't have. see she kept going dude. like a jugger oh it's a layup. okay so it's still just a layup. now round oh her hair's in the way. oh dude technical file her. hair was in her. mouth oh just she's crying. oh [ __ ] oh time out oh she's arrested. in russia a [ __ ] she was resed in russia. for residue oh [ __ ] she was arrested. in russia for a vape pen. oh she was arrested. in russia for looking at an oligarch. just so so stupid such a stupid. [ __ ] bit dude this podcast bombs dude [ __ ] [laughter] yeah oh she's out for seven days you know why oh [ __ ] here's a layup. oh god anyway dude whatever that is totally sexist. but it's okay dude women can do that. stuff that's fine play the play. basketball play all the basketball and as a matter of fact dude. i'll tell you right now. i wouldn't give a [ __ ] if there was was no nba. i i wouldn't give a [ __ ] there if there was only wnba. so don't come at me. only have wnba only have that. i still won't watch it. i still won't even watch the world. championships or whatever it. is um there's a dude. that um look at this. wendy wendy williams has dementia. i guess wendy williams who i for. some reason always when somebody says wendy williams who was the uh. talk talk day daytime talk. show host [music] um she has dementia. and that sucks that's too. bad my heart goes out to. wendy williams it's rough um yeah. but uh and also i didn't what the [ __ ] was i going. to say you know what they're so scared. of now is um keeping her. working because of what happened. with bruce willis the second the the second one. that happens people are just going. to get like killed you know. who's that guy randall. emt uh that that kept on. they made an article about i met. him a few times but dude. they made r randall. emt they made it he. was tr he was the one. who was so called put bruce willis. to work in a bunch of movies. when he was sick and they were still like trying. to make money off of him. which is if that did happen. it's all alleged but if that. did happen that is shitty. um but now the second people are all like dude. there's going to. be like a peter pasc is going. to be like where's my chart. i forgot my line they're going to. be like shut it down. shut it down we're not we're not abusing. him um but yeah so wendy williams is. uh has dementia and that's sad. um and i don't know what is wrong. with me that every time someone says wy williams i always think the porn. star no wait not she's not. a porn she's a daytime. talk to tv i don't know. why i think that but it's all. good uh heart goes out to. her you know it's tough as you get older. as i said dementia. is the way to. go though because that doesn't even affect you. it affects everyone else what happened. where dude my god i'd love it. cuz my wife is always mad. at me for like not knowing where stuff. is if you got dementia. you know what dude. i have dementia how about that. babe can you get me. a spoon babe you know. where it is i i got dementia. you're 43 i know. it's early on set also the cheese. and make pasta r my shoulders. i forget bj thanks um mlb uh oh this. dementi is awesome just listening to. [ __ ] just getting worked while you're watching the wnba. dude just getting worked while you're watching the sparks. play the cherries hell yeah. what are the names. of the [ __ ] wnba teams wnba. uh teams teams so. i'm i'm progressive though. here we go here we go. connecticut sun chicago sky well. of course we have the sunny of the sky. minnesota clouds no kidding minnesota. links washington mystics that is not good. the mystics dude indiana fever. phoenix mercury atlanta dream they're all a lot of them. are just are not um the uh men's teams. are like a group of things. this is just an idea atlanta dream. new york liberty these are all. ideas phoenix racism. las vegas individuality how many teams are there. eight wow they don't even get a break. huh here's one storm they don't. even say what where they're from. just storm h the chicago. h the connecticut um playing the chicago. h oh layup. no [music] oh the h. with another layup. the h with another layup. oh my god it oh a breck. for the um oh and picks it. up get dude laurel hardy the worst [ __ ] bit we ever did on this podcast and by way i mean me um what's his baseball [ __ ] with the um major league baseball players association. deputy executive direct too many. names dude people love their titles you know. hi i'm major league baseball players association. deputy executive director bruce meyer what an [ __ ] dude that are you kidding. me you can't say that. without the [ __ ] ace major league. baseball players association deputy executive. director bruce meyer thank you very. much dude what well i'm so lightheaded. get me a trash bag. i'm so lighted get me. a paper bag dude that's so funny. dude puia arizona mlb's new this. is on the ap on ap association. apple news association press. um mlb's new uniform. reveal hasn't gone very well now some of the rampant criticism has been move moved. below the belt major league baseball players. association deputy executive pizza. maker director mr bruce meyer confirmed on. thursday that ths on thursday. that the organization is relaying. concerns from players to. mlb about the new pants. which are somewhat seethrough uh the complaints first reported. by espn a part of broader scorn for the new universe which are designed by nike. and manufactured by fanatics i know everyone hates them. trey turner said of the phillies. we all liked what we had we understand. business but i think everyone wanted. to keep it in the same. way for the most part some tweaks are dude. wow hey how about this how about this baseball. guys you're still wearing a baseball. uniform you look corny. hey how about this a guy at shortstop you're still. wearing a baseball uniform. hey how about this hey how about this. left field guy hey how about how about this. guy just alone out in a field. you're still wearing something that says astros. hey dude you still have an an orange. belt and you're not and you haven't. been doing karate as a kid. for two months i mean. come on who cares. that the pants see through they're not also i'm looking at them. there's so much you got to. be complained about something huh. hey i tell you what dude. they give me these pants. i just take my dick. and balls out i use it. as a bat y now. batting chris chris chris de leah leah oh why does the bat look only a little small because it says wait a second this is a test wait a minute he's got two baseballs in his hand already what's that about wait a second uh oh hold on this is a test cut to. the wnba oh it's another okay. it's another layup. oh the made another layup. um so anyway you know it. is it it's just you know. hey you're still the dodgers. hey dude you're still oh i don't like those. pants they're making us hey dude they're making you wear a yellow. belt hey dude your whole association. is called the pirates you. dork just zero sense you. know just so dorky hey you're grown men though. uniform forms you know. they are what they are i need. we need to have comedian. uniforms you i tell my family. i'm doing a podcast and they have to. be quiet i tell them every time and every time they're louder i feel like it's like how they say the the the there's that um thing that says that if someone knows you're waiting for a parking. space they're going to. take longer which is crazy. to me dude. if i know somebody is waiting. for a space i am. so quick i am so quick. i jet out and people don't. dude and that's really unforgivable. man it's one of the most unforgivable. things dude hey did you get what you needed. go home now i just don't understand. it um there's a lot. of [ __ ] like that like little pet peeves. no that's not a pet. peeve that's honest that should be somebody. should be lashed for [music]. that there's a thing that my son. has a toy that my son. has billy uh actually calvin had it too but it goes. like this one two three four. five six s8 nine 10. dude and it's such a dope. melody that i i wish [ __ ] like nas would rap over it or something that would be so dope or like you did the 10 crack commandments to. that one two three i can. sometimes it's hard to. do one one two no it's one two three four. five dude we used to. have a joke when i would do musical. theater i love musical. theater dude and i did musical. theater and i didn't i used. to d i was in the summer. stock and i had to start. a song with a note. and i was always unsure of the note. and it was hold. on it was easy. street easy street i was in annie. and and and the not i never knew. what no so before i would go. street and i would do it like really. quietly before because i dude. i was so we of not getting. it and then so me and my buddy. greg we had this joke. where we would be like e. street dude and we would laugh. so hard dude and that's how i am. with this thing i'm like one two three 4. 5 6 7 8 9. 10 and i don't do. duets and i always say. i don't do duets. so if my wife starts doing duets. with me i say i don't do duets. but then my son started singing. it with me and i was like all. right i'll do duets. with my son so now i do duets. with my whole family and even my wife. and that's it but i won't do duets. with anyone [music] else [ __ ] dude i've got absolutely spec this is honestly you you know dude i'm like that [ __ ] uh what's his name ben affleck in the in the in the movie uh the hitman movie where that he does the accountant. where he's just so god. i hate that [ __ ] movie where he's just like you know what dude i don't want to. explain it kiss my ass. i don't care that's why. this podcast is better. than than the other ones. i won't explain it this. podcast is david lynchian. yo bradley cooper is a great. actor i i didn't see him. in that movie the what's that. movie where he plays a guy. of all the ages. with the big nose but that [ __ ] what's it called mro. and that dude i just on the honestly. honestly brad cooper should get the oscar for that movie. based on the billboard he's on the billboard. four times in four different. stages of his life i'll tell you what the makeup. should get the oscar when i get back. into hollywood i'm it's no. makeup no makeup chris is what they're getting. and i'm acting if you want me. to do a different. oh what is the movie. is about what is it. about oh we have flashbacks. oh i need to. be 20 years younger i'll just act it. oh what's that oh we're going. to flash forward in this movie. to when i'm 90. and i die well. guess what no make no. put send the make home i'm going. to act it hello. do you know a long. time ago and you know. dude i'll kill it. what's this that jayz bradley. cooper says jayz was watching judge judy. when he was at beyonce's. house for a stars born meeting. oh bro bradley cooper says jayz. let me break this is. so confusing to. me i can't even break. it down hold on. so so wait okay so hold. on so did beyonce produce star is. born or something she's not in. it why would there be a meeting. was it going to. maybe be her and it's not and it's probably. probably was going to. maybe be her and it wasn't and now it's going. to be uh it it. was the other woman right. what is it lady. gaga yeah um i'm unstoppable is that her or k. perry see you see you. same thing you know i'm unstoppable but that. song comes on and you're in the car. and you're like dude actually i think i'm unstoppable but that's the only part. you know and if you know more than that. you're a cuck but uh so bradley cooper. says jayz was watching judge judy. when he was up my god dude. imagine jayz watching judge. honestly for real imagine jayz watching. judge judy with his hat. like all up on the top. part of his head just to. skew just like yeah she does. need a job yeah judge judy's right. you want a job get one you want a job. get one just judy. oh clap to. caval what he's saying is not. right because he wasn't even. there oh i can't wait for them. to interview them. afterwards to. do that stupid [ __ ] interview afterwards. yo how come after this. they they even abide by. what judge judy says his. it's a television. show why why do they give each other. the money why would somebody give someone $8,000. after that just cuz jud sh he said why. would they do that it's not. binding it's not [laughter] binding why. why does she say the od. the defendant 850 is not binding. dude nothing is binding i mean. just you know that. by the way even when i was eight. and i would watch judge judy. i'm like this isn't real it's like the wwf. oh by the way i was talking wwe. whatever it is i was watching wrestler. on netflix that new um uh miner. docu series about wrestling and that's cool. all good i find wrestling. honestly fascinating at the low. level it's fascinating at the higher. level it's not really fascinating to. watch the people do the wrestling. but it it would be fascinating. to see the behind the scenes. but you don't really get to. right and what but what i mean. by behind the scenes is not even like the the the the promos. and the locker room talk i want to. see the guys go home. to their wives and talk about the match. and like how they're on drugs. and stuff and like that kind of [ __ ] right like basically the movie the wrestler. is what i want to. see but um i was watching the thing. in the the new docu series. is the wrestler on um netflix and it was interesting. you know but also there's nothing dorkier. and i i want to. say i want to. say this because people are like oh [ __ ] a lot of times i'll talk about wrestling. on this podcast and people like [ __ ] you bro. you don't get it and they'. be like yo everyone everyone knows. it's fake that's not the thing. that's not why who cares. we know it's fake it's still fun. bro i do not have an argument that. it sucks because it's fake a lot of [ __ ] is fake so much is fake you know what's fake movies you know what's fake friends you know what's fake some some of the [ __ ] ai images my wife just showed me uh of of of of crystalia. and some yorkies that she she drudged up. on on on shutterstock because she got a a subs a subscription. for $999 a month because she needs. to spend the money somehow. so she did that okay. that's fake too hey you know. what wrestling sure it's fake. that's not my problem my problem. is it sucks i love how they go like deep. into it too they're like well. the story's got to make sense. noah no no just get brutus the barber beef. cake to jump. on another guy with a mask. on oh good yeah. but he doesn't make you know. what it's fine have. hacksaw jim dugen break. a chair all over. rich rowdy piper's head. oh good yeah but it doesn't make much. sense where i no. dude it's cool you know. there's a reason why tundo sucks. it's not because we know. it's fake it's because it sucks. one two three four five 6 7 8. nine 10 i harmonized with it. but yeah dude that's the real. [ __ ] though what time am. i at even oh look. at that i didn't even know. i did an hour. i didn't even know the clock. is broken in my dude. he's timing like one time i was at the um improv. l time ago i was coming. up and i had d morrera legend. in comedy great standup. comedian love that dude. and a friend and uh he was on uh he comes in and they're like yo. dom dom's going to do. a guest spot i said i said cool. cuz he can go on before. me i was like how long's he going. to do it he said. 6 minutes dom came in. i don't know if i knew him. at this time or not but they said hey dom. uh when do you want your light. and he said oh i don't need a light. and for those of you that don't know. a light is you get the light and then you wrap. it up but they said when do you want. your light you say oh give me a light. at two minutes meaning i'll get the light. and then in two minutes. i'll get off so if i'm doing six minutes. i'll do four minutes give me the light. and then i'll do two minutes. right so it's either to. judge two minutes than it. is to just not get the light. and do however long you're going. to do d says i don't need a light. goes up i'm like i wonder how much of a pro. this guy is i i i look at my watch he starts. he ends at 601 and i'm just like that. is gangster dude and then there's people that [ __ ] up your [ __ ] at you know like a grocery store so crazy just do your job. is basically what i'm saying. but i know but standup. is a dream job. and bag and groceries. isn't so that's fine. i love this uh i don't know. if this is real or not but i want to. pretend like it is for this. podcast sake mother teresa artificial intelligence. was asked to make a picture of mother. teresa fighting against poverty. this can't be real there's no way. there's so many things against a but if it is anyway. it has mother teresa in. a fighting stance fighting. against a bunch of what looks like and i don't mean. to be racist but this thing. is racist african children. somebody says can't wait for mother. teresa to insolvency redemp redemption. mother teresa 3 crucified. this dude ai is the [ __ ] ai art is the best. art that's ever been around i said it. dude a ai honestly. i'll tell you right now. ai art is the best. art that ever has been around. period stop the cap i'm not capping i'm not capping happen. ai art is so good. it's so weird and guess what you want. to say it's not art. it's ai generated guess what they take from all. other art dude so. how could you say oh chryst. leia said it it's the best. art of all time notop the cap. he's not capping it's actually dop as [ __ ] cuz it already. is art on art it's art on art. dude that's crazy that's why it's even better. than art because you got regular art. and it takes all the images of art. and makes more art on top. that oh dude the best. art in history stop the cap but i'm not capping i love it. dude so great graphic designers are [ __ ] how about that bye graphic designers i feel bad byebye. but i feel bad but we knew it. but you went to. school for it byebye oh you went to. so many years of college. for it and also probably extra college. right you went to. regular college and then went to. extra graphic design college and bye oh and you spent bunch. of thousands of dollars on oh and it's all good. you're going to be [ __ ] removed by. a click oh bye that. sucks dude that really sucks. honestly but it's going to. happen every job bye the last person. to go is probably a comedian. or a magician bye it'll still happen. though [ __ ] david copperfield killed it in 10 years it's just going to. be like hello watch me. make this person disappear. and then we're not going to. be that impressed with the. i so it needs to. be a real magician you know what i'm saying. it makes much sense what does. he want from yeah no he does. make chris yeah no it's [ __ ] serious. no i know but that's crazy. man what we talking about i'm say. sounds like it doesn't make sense. no i know it doesn't but if you think about it. and you let ruminate [ __ ] actually look rewind it. makes much [ __ ] sense are you serious. yeah no i swear to. god really i don't believe you yeah. well there's two people two people in the world. really yeah people believe people don't. believe wow that's crazy. man all right that's it. thank you very much that's it. for the uh patreon episode uh i'm sorry. that's it for the youtube. episode and if you want to. watch the rest of it. on patreon go to. patreon dot com christalia and you can also go. sign up for the patreon. and watch all the other extra we have. an extra episode a month. or the patreon go sign up. for the patreon the last one. was great calvin ran in and uh ran. a muck and i interviewed him. a little bit and it was funny. [ __ ] so thank you very much you guys love [music]. you 