 [music] runk hey guys it is me. chris deia and i will be in sacramento. january 13th for two shows. at the crest theater brea improv. i will be there uh january. 18th phoenix january 20th. then some shows in elpac. el paso uh albuquerque colona bc. vancouver bc uh two shows in vancouver. bc who sold out. the first one uh in february and then march. 1 we got rochester and kitner ontario. sheveport louisiana and march. 15th we got houston and corpus chrisan durham. and norfol we got a bunch. of them go to. chris dot com to. get tickets and um also you can go. to my while you're there. at my website go get the uh. the new special grow or die. go get that and stream it. and watch it download it whatever you want appreciate it. self uh made and all that selfdistributed we love you. guys and uh other than that. here come the next episode. of [music] congratulations yo. uh it is what is it. it is the day after christmas. i did not release a thing. on on christmas or uh i did. not record on christmas. is when i usually record. on the mondays and then it's tuesday now. i'm recording so this will be a day. later you guys will probably be for a day. you guys will be like what. happened what's going on i can't. even believe what's going on in the in the congratulations. community but we are all. good and we are we are here. and we're just going to. be a day late maybe i'll maybe i'll put out. a video before this. uh let people know it'll be a day. late but whatever um sorry about that. you know your boy took the day. off suum he took the day. off he didn't want to. do recording on on uh on uh on christmas. and he also didn't even want to. do recording before that because he was in arizona. spending it with his inlaws hey what the heck so su him um but yeah he uh i went to. uh arizona and i then went to. uh here to. have christmas with the family. and is a beautiful thing. um christmas was great. hopefully you picked up some merch. here the uh grow or die. tshirt with the sword on. it look at that man. it's nice too i work out. and it sometimes it. looks real good my muscles get all. beefy up into it. and starts looking the back. is cool it's like that. you know it's like that. what is it metal. kind of look but i it. says grow or die. anyway chris dot com i i i i uh i have this and then somebody said great. another guy who doesn't even. listen to metal. using the metal font. so i don't even i didn't even. know it was metal. font honestly until the guy said that so i just like the font. what can i say dude. i'm subconsciously metal you know. what i'm saying subconsciously death metal. dude um i'm too dry how about that. y'all too dry is is. that just what's up when am i when am. i not going to be. dry in my night right. nostril and my throat when does it. happen god because if it does just let me. know when so i could write it. out and be like well i i can have like an advent calendar. for my dryness be like oh we got six. you know even if it's six more six more years. of dryness whatever. it is dude i i'm so dry. i can't even believe it. my nose is constantly bleeding. yes and my throat constantly feels. like i has cott in it. yes dude he's dry as [ __ ] so i wake up and i have to. and i and i you know. i better i'll tell you what dude. i better have water on my night. table i better have that. i better have had the uh foresight to. put not just one but two. bottles of water on my night. table cuz guess what your boy's going. to johnny wakes up at 5:30. a.m. i'm i'm going to. wake up at 5:30 a.m. and. i'm going to be it's like i'm going. to have a throat full. of cotton balls and a right. nostril full of capillaries just bursting. at the seams so i wake up. bloody nose can't talk and and let's just hope that i have. a at least two bottles. of water because if i do i could gulp it. down and maybe i can get back. to sleep maybe just maybe but if i don't he's got to. get up he's got to. get up and it's not it's not just bad. because he's got to. get up to get water. he's got to get up. to i can get up. to do one thing. and go back to. sleep if i get up to. do two things forget it. if i would get up and i got to. go pee and get water. that's it i'm up. i'm reaching the age where if i wake up. too early and have to. do something okay if i have to. do two things forget it. and and by the way could be the most minuscule things. of all time i could do one. thing i can go i can go. potty but if i go potty come back. look at my phone even. for a split second and then get back. in bed i'm done dude. i'm toast i'm busted and dusted dude. i'm roasted and toasted and i just can't so uh i don't look. at my phone i get up i go. potty god i hate waking up. to go pee pee i really hate waking up. to go peee i god i hate it. so much and i'm dry so it's all. good anyway how i dry but also have to. why don't i just use why. doesn't my body just use the pp. to de to. hydrate myself doesn't work like that. right we got to. redo bodies um but yeah so look so last monday. did an episode of congratulations. and went to sleep. woke up and i had a fever. i don't know what the i was sick. but i was not really sick. it didn't feel all that bad. i was in bed. for a day i was in bed. for a full day wow that. day it feels like it's so weird. i actually did stay in bed. all day which i never do. that never do that. i got out of bed. at 6:00 p.m. and then the next. day i was kind of and then we left. to go to my inlaws and i felt kind of better. but still was like you know. when you get that sick where you're like it's sick. for like however many days the nucleus of it. is and then it it hangs on and so it hung on uh and then it like morphed into. just like a stomach thing forget. it and i don't like to. be gross you know i don't like to. be gross i don't like that. kind of style of comedy or whatever. but oh my god dude. i mean my number twos. were bonkers my number two. dude i would sit down on the toilet. and my butthole would go. like this let's get into. it it was like a it was honestly. like a meth like a death. metal band that's how it came. out and then i'd get it. i'd be like i guess. that's it did you ever. go number two so hard. and that you're so and it's so diarrhea. and i don't you know. i'm not saying this was me. it was but i'm saying generally when you go. diarrhea and it comes out. and dude you're it's coming out. so liquidy and so i don't want to. be gross and you can't. stop it and it's just you're that. you're so delirious that you're just like oh my god dude. oh god you just start. thinking of things like i gotta go. to church i got to. start going to church. not you're not even in a religious. way you're just like i need more things to. do i got a church. and go i got a hike. and i got a church. and hike and i should really wear more green. kristen likes it and it was and dude. you get up and i'd be i'd get up. and i'd i'd walk back out. i'd take about a few. you know steps and i go like this. my my my bog like this. we are unfinished i mean. i have the moon walk back. to the bathroom cuz i couldn't afford time. turning back around it was unbelievable. two days what got better okay got better. your boy got cocky all. right now what's that mean. had a full christmas. dinner and then had another christmas. dinner had a christmas. dinner fully at 5:30 and then i go. like this damn i'm hungry. and chrisy says don't make a don't make don't order. food i just make you a plate. she made me a plate. dude hey nothing's doper. than when your girl makes you a plate. so i go all right. howed it then guess what oh let's just check the freezer. let's just check it huge. tub of chocolate ice cream. let's just eat some of it. ate all of it well left. a few bites went. upstairs dude out my i'm talking. about dude oh we're back. you know what i'm talking. about like fully back. in business with the number two. do i have that it. go like this oh dude. oh you thought that was it. come on and it's not working. sound plan ain't working all good. boy this app really doesn't work a lot that's great. i'll play it again. um so uh yeah dude. my my my tummy was like run it. back dude run it back and and then that's fine. dude and the toilet. on the on the on the in the you know. porcelain i don't want to. be gross but i'm gross. whatever i talk about life. this is the life um um straight up told by the way. last time in oxnard uh did a 17 i told a story about going. number two and i was like dude. i'm just going to. do this i don't know if it's funny. or not dude it was a full 17. minute story about me going number. two 17 minutes and it was awesome. i might have included. my but oh had a 17 minute. of going like that's what i wanted. to do hey i'm done. i'm done i'm going to. go number two oops. never mind um so christmas. was great calvin got a bounce house. uh santa brought him a bounce. house which is awesome. santa it was great santa. did that and um i when your kid. turns like three and a half. and then you have another kid. which is what happened with me. i we had uh we had we had calvin. three and a half. uh two three years later. we had billy and billy is now eight months. and calvin is almost four and calvin is at the point. where k loves opening. presents when he gets his presents. it's game on and then what happens. billy opens a present and it's like the most rudimentary it's like put it in a block. on a block that's a present. for infant toys are [ __ ] by the way they're so that's such a racket they'll just be like yeah put it together it. doesn't matter what it is. put a box on it. and then and then a balloon. shape and then a star and something with a string on it. that they can pull it about an inch. and that's a toy and it cost. like you know $20. and you just buy it. and your infant will just you know. just smack it and i guess that's the point. he's not turning the key. in it like there's a key. in it and i'm like i know. you're eight months but turn the key. in it doesn't start. anything but at least and he doesn't turn the keys. just and it's a box. with like a a string. and a key and then a like a a a triang angle. in it that you can press. a little bit and then two of those. popper things and and and and so like i'll get this for billy and he'll un. you know we'll unwrap it to. it honestly you shouldn't do christmas. for an infant i just realized you should just do christmas. starting at three two even calvin last year. i mean i guess it was nice but he didn't really. know what was going on. now he gets it but like dude. we get we got billy a few. presents and and he open. him and he's smacking him. around and then calvin's like looking at he's with his presents. and he go over to. billy's like he wants billy's presents. he's like i i want that. and billy starts crying like hey buddy got a share come on buddy. you got a share and he's like i want that. one i'll give him this. and then gives him like a shoe. here he'll play with this. give him my shoe. and i gotta leave i'm like where my shoes. and he's like bil's playing with it. you can't leave bil he playing with it. um so anyway dude. um christmas was good though. had the whole family over. dad mom aunt uncle cousins um and uh it was good. man christmas is uh my favorite holiday and it was the first christmas. that i've been with my family. that was normal in probably 3 years cuz of covid. and then i was in rehab and then um it's weird. though i think giving gifts. here you know what i'm going. to say dude here it is. god i never thought i'd say this. i'm a [ __ ] for saying this and i remember when i was a kid thinking nah never be me giving gifts. is just as good as receiving gifts. [ __ ] dude i'm selfless [ __ ] [ __ ] man he wanted to. be selfish but your boy. done [ __ ] grown up i'm pissed of about it do you understand the joy. i got from getting gifts. [ __ ] and now i like giving them just as much oh godamn it dude. i hate that about me. it sucks man. and guess why it sucks. because it's awesome man. i remember when i came down to. this thing and santa. brought the masters of the universe. castle of gry skull. nothing was better than that. nothing when i came down and i got that. board game crossfire crossfire dude. when i came down and i got the laser tag. [ __ ] nothing was better. nothing until i got my son air. rocket launchers he opened them. up and he played with them. all day and he had fun. and guess what dude. i had fun oh [ __ ] your boy done. grown up and i didn't want to. and i don't i want to. go back by the way i know what is it. about that i want to. have that first fun again. but i can't like nobody somebody gave me castle. grace call right. now for heman you know. i open it up it. wouldn't be fun maybe i'll have a little bit of nostalgia. be like oh i remember this. oh [ __ ] yeah look at battle. cat the way he goes in in there. there's a jawbridge but dude. i'd rather give my son. a bounce house. i'd rather give my other infant. child a little you know. i guess they'd have to. be three because my infant child. doesn't appreciate the [ __ ] you know and that's no fault. to his own. but like [ __ ] i like giving just as much as receiving not when it comes to. sex though and that's why i have an intimacy. problem so there we go there. we go there we go. really got to. figure that one out i'm on. it 2024 new year's resolutions. you got new year's resolutions. like a jackass you got a new year's. resolution like a jackass that's going. to fail don't even. have one do it now. this probably doesn't come out until no this will come out. yeah before new year's do it. now dude wow i ate so bad. over the break though and because i was sick and i was with my inlaws and i was going. to work outside and it was raining in phoenix i didn't work. out for [ __ ] 10 days dude what i went today you know just move the bones a little bit as christopher lloyd said when i shot a movie with him way back in 1999 i saw him in the hotel gym i said hey what are you doing here he said moving the bones keeping the bones moving think about it all the time dude so um yeah dude i i can't believe i like giving gifts that sucks dude i'm i'm i betrayed myself i'm a [ __ ] i never thought when i was a kid i used to. think like i people say giving is like receiving it's just as good. and i go as a kid. i go like this n that'll never be me. no no no no no no no i figured out. life and i did by the way. when i was nobody knew more than anything. than me when i was eight. and then you grow up. as you grow up. you learn how you [ __ ] start not knowing more [ __ ] you know everything when you're [ __ ] 15 you know everything and then after that it's like you start figuring out a little bit too much and you start not knowing stuff it sucks it's like the more you know the less you know if we could just stay that age dude and just be the smartest you know how much how if dude if if we just grow to. be 15 years old. do you know how far society. would be be like that meme. with the futuristic stuff and the cars. would be flying we would be living. to be 150 even though. we would be living to. be 15 we there would be no. cancer hiv there' be no. nothing c id would be a thing of the past. people wouldn't even be having sex. anymore they'd be doing that thing that they did. in de demolition man. where they put the glasses. on and they just go h. h and they sit next to. each other and they have orgasms. but they don't even have to. copulate ahh there' be nobody in the world. anymore because you just be you know what i'm saying. doing it with your by. yourselves but it seemed like you're actually having intercourse but you're not but you're just sitting there in those pods. oh and dude pretty soon the population will be under control. cuz everybody's having so many kids you know. even me um turned on jingle. all the way i think jingle all the way. is my favorite christmas. movie the turber man although i do like uh i tried to. put on another one. a christmas story or a christmas. you'll shoot your eye out. you know kristen never saw that. i tried to watch. it and then i don't want to. honestly watch anything anymore man what about that thanks tik tok. i don't want to. watch anything more thanks reals i don't want. to watch anything more thanks people who don't use the millennium. gap thanks the millennial. gap thanks guys the right. the millennial whatever. the hell it's called. how millennial start. videos when they're like this. hi i you know they don't they [ __ ] swipe out dude. you got to start. in the middle of a word. of what i was talking. about that's how a video would talk. what did i miss pretty soon. videos are going to. be after the video it's just going. to have be some guy's going. to be like the end. and you're going be like that was awesome. content um i just don't know anymore. we all got to. be more like this how about this. swiss city consider ers legalizing cocaine. for recreational use in pilot. program uh they say war. on drugs has failed quote how how um that's not. the way to do. it you know i mean. look if you're going to. legalize cocaine legalize cocaine but not because the war has failed you [ __ ] you know or at least don't say that i guess they could tax it now at least right do they even have taxes over there who knows but like that's like being like oh yo dude there's too many serial killers just it's fine if you kill more than two people it's legal just you can't just kill two it's too hard there's too many let's just make sure we tax axes and and and ryon the capital of switzerland is considering launching a pilot program to. test the legal sale of cocaine. how hilarious you know. what i bet that people i mean. besides the real addicts the allore of doing it. would go away you know what i'm saying. like my wife doesn't care. if i eat sweets but like if she went. to bed and she was like remember. now don't eat any sweets. guess who's eating sweets. guess he's not telling her. i don't even give a [ __ ] if i just have a lifesavers they're all mine. god what [ __ ] ass eats lifesavers. right and not the minty kind minty kind mint. okay i get it you need a mint. bro fruit lifesavers what kind of [ __ ] [ __ ] candy is that do they even around anymore. they yeah they have to. be lifesavers dude the [ __ ] the balls to. call them lifesavers dude that's some 19. what 50 oh cuz they're the shape. of lifesavers okay i guess it's fine. but but the reason why they did it. because of the do on tandra you. know it so we can still be mad. i just don't know you. ever dude i haven't eaten candy. i haven't eaten candy in so long. i ate candy the other day. after after was after halloween where i had some laying down. i'm not talking about chocolate. dude i'm talking about like smarty. sweet ret tards sour gummy. and i go like this. i'm like man i haven't had one of these in years. what did i say it. was like a sour. something you know what it. was a sour burger. like the i don't know why. they make everything it's it. was like this big and it was like a gummy. sour gummy burger like too many. foods involved and it was too. confusing i'm like i'mma eat this. i bet i hate it. i ate it dude. guess what i did after that. ate four more sour. gummy burgers bro you haven't. had candy in a while eat some candy. it'll blow your [ __ ] mind my buddy when i was younger he used to. say uh yo i don't e. anything they make in a lab. and i was like all right. man and it kind of stuck. with me guess what though. dude now i eat stuff. that they make in the lab. that candy was so good. and i ate it dude. and i ate smarties and i ate sour. gummy burgers oh. [ __ ] man it was good candy is so good and it sucks it sucks that it's so good cuz it's so bad for you but that's nature [ __ ] doing its thing ain't it i used to. think why is yo here's what it. means to grow up. i used to. think why is the good food. for your bad if the bad if why. is the good why is the bad. food for you tastes good. if it does bad things to. you wouldn't biologically an evolutionary. wouldn't us as we evolve grow. to like the stuff that's good. for us more than the stuff. that's bad for us wouldn't we i mean. we we've been alive for so many. thousands of hundreds of millions of years. whatever i don't know how long but i mean. there it wasn't just me. our generation there was our. parents and then our grandparents and our grandparents grandparents and our grandparents grandparents grandparents you could. do it to. where you said grandparents so many. different times and then all of those. like all of our grandparents grandparents grandparents grandparents they all couldn't bi biologically and evolutionarily figure it out. to where re's peanut. butter cups was the new salad. and i go that's so now i'm like well how can i believe in science. and then i go like this. oh it's not just us. that's nature's way what about the earth. they don't want us here we're [ __ ] the earth up so it's the earth's fault. that sugar is bad. for you and earth makes us. feel like it tastes. good yo sometimes he's so deep. deep deep in the [ __ ] vortex of the truth. that it is just unreal. sugar's good because we're bad. for the earth and the earth needs us. to get cancer so the earth. can still be the earth. as long as it needs. to be sometimes he's so deep. in the vortex of truth. that people just all turn into. the weebay meme like this. oh that deah boy he's. got a real say what you want. about me but do not say i'm not in the vortex of truth. deep deep on the seven. layer dip of i mean. i am in the beans. of the of the vortex of truth. do you know what i'm saying. all y'all live in the on the sour. cream go ahead go ahead. all you live on the cheese. and the sour cream venture. to the guac sometimes sometimes. you may you may venture to. the guac your boy lives. in the beans in the beans. level of the vortex of truth. so when you come to. this podcast be prepared. to dig past the guacamole. get your diving suit. on get your sour. cream diving suit on we here. we go the reason why. reese's peanut butter cups. taste good is because the earth. needs us to. get cancer he said it. i mean dude why are people not understanding. what i'm saying they are they are. the babies are see this is why. i say it's a cult. cuz the people who understand. it we ride dude. we ride we ride and i tell. you what we do we ride. on our enemies too. just like too pk. did man we ride. on the enemies but anyway christmas. was nice dude speaking of rappers kanye. uh actually first before the even kanye. thing he apologized final. by the the latest apology ever you know eh. mine took about nine months but um him going to. be amused am i venturing. into the fashion did. you see this c nice. are you venturing into. the fashion industry and is uh k. going to be amused am. i venturing into the fashion. did you see this cat. yep that's a great coat. dude uh that's an old video but he is he made an apology. dude for saying all the jew. stuff and he wrote it. in um hebrew he wrote in that's pretty wild. he did that or somebody. just wrote cap you know. translated it means i sincerely apologize to. the jewish community for any unintended outburst. caused by i mean unintended he did it. 150 times you know it. was a jewish doctor that's my favorite. one um caused by my words or actions. it was not my intention. to offend or demean respected. and i deeply regret any pain. i may have caused i am committed. to starting with myself and learning. from this experience to. ensure greater sensitivity and understanding in the future. you forgiven your forgiveness is important. to me and i am committed. to making amends and promoting unity. you know what's funny is. like if you take the flip. side of this think about like you. know promoting obviously antisemitic. uh rhetoric it yeah okay it's obviously. like just no hate just you know. don't don't imagine the guy. who took what kanye said to. the next level in this instance. you know what i'm talking. about like that's the most darkly. silly like to be like you know. what you know what dude. i actually i was fine. with jews to to. be like i was fine. with jews up until kanye. you know he's making a lot. of sense like the fact. that people are upset. at him for and but then you're like okay. well everyone in the third reich. was absolutely mentally unstable so you know. it's like okay you don't have to. be not crazy to. make a difference that's the truth. in that god he [ __ ] is in the beans. again i'm sorry i'm in the beans. i i might just sit sit in the beans. this whole episode episode but but dude. you don't have to. be not crazy to. make a difference godamn it. he's in a beans oh [ __ ] theia is in the beans. again what's the what's the uh how many what's in seven. layer seven layer. how but dude i bet there's eight. layer dip seven layer. dip what is in it. what's in it here we go. here we go oh [ __ ] do you count. olives as a hey do you count. olives as a topping is it. a topping or is it. a layer if it's just a topping okay. but if it's not it's eight. layers and he's in the beans. even further okay oh oh [ __ ] sour cream he's way. past the sour cream. he's way i'll tell you what if they put a dollop of cream. cheese in there he's past. that he's he's past his dude. it's spread over the salsa forget. it he went dude you. should have seen how fast. he went past the salsa. and the tomato and the bell. pepper green onions and lettuce. over the top oh god. did they put cheddar cheese. in it is a garnishing. black olives he in a means um so yeah. dude you don't have to. be not crazy to. make a difference sometime people think like you know. uh what do you call. it uh perseverance you got to. have that to a crazy. degree not really though if you just go at a steady pace. and you keep moving. this is why you know. you keep this is why. the tortoise won steady pace. keep moving you'll get there. dude you'll get there look at rick. glassman everyone thought he was crazy. and his podcast is amazing. um but he's not crazy. well he's crazy but um he's a crazy. person but but we love him. we love him all. the same he's a good. friend and we love him. um so yeah so oh wait. let's look it was a jewish. doctor let's see if we can find that. that should be on youtube. right what would it be kanye. jewish i'm just going to. say jewish doctor kanye jewish doctor we've already. talked about this but it's so funny. though wow oh here it is kanye. west his antisemitic antijewish ty. no you got it doctor that. diagnosed me you got would you put on the thing. okay here we go. here it is you always find. the clips ivan all right here. we go how do you find these. so quick okay here we go. the thing about the red hat. that drove me to. a point of exhaustion which was misdiagnosed. by a i'm not going to. say what race what people uh. doctor and what hospital and what media. went to we know i can't say. that it was a jewish. doctor dud the music afterwards. dude that is some david. brent [ __ ] for real it was a jewish. doctor um i mean dude. couldn't help himself anyway um that was my favorite. that's probably my favorite cone. clip dude that new [ __ ] kanye. song that they didn't clear. yet because it's got the back. stre boys thing. on it holy [ __ ] it's so good until he says pink and the stink. it's so good until he says and then he says burger. king you're the king burger. king but dude that's so so bad but before that oh my god when they go everybody. yeah yeezy's back tonight dude. that's so ill god i got to. get good at singing del's back. all right dude i should have. had that on my [ __ ] special. dude um yo kobe bryant that's mamba. campaign kobe bryant um is. start the nike is still doing. the mamba shoes with kobe bryant um. they're doing the new campaign let me. tell you something man. i don't know if it's cuz i'm an old head. or what but kob ry shoes. just i have one pair. and they're just not that. good man i hate i hate. to say it because you know but god dude. the the [ __ ] jordans and yeezy you know but these [ __ ] grinch sneakers that. they're talking about with the the kanye. with the just bad the black. mamba they're just i i can't. imagine putting these on but whatever. ever how about uh i watched. um hunger games uh the new one. and i go like this. look i'm a hunger games fan okay. i like the franchise. it might be one of my top. franchises like i don't give a [ __ ] dude right i'm not holier than now i get when i say sometimes i say uh hey you know uh i really like the hunger games franchise sometimes people go what that's the name you're gonna bring up and i go yeah it's good first of all jennifer lawrence is topnotch she's so good at acting uh and it's actionpacked it's dystopian it takes place in the future it's like what else do you want donald southerland's in it it's like he you know he's he's one of those guys that's in movies right now where you watch and you're like he's still alive i'm like what do you what do you want you know god how much is donald suan someone that would die. on christmas but like shakes shakespeare. did that uh i swear to. god that's next year christmas. donald s and croaking out. um so you have there's a guy who die. on christmas um he died. already but not on christmas. but um so when if you happ to. die oh i thought you looking um so i'm watching hunger. games and i go like this. i see them so here's the thing. always make the prequel. don't even [ __ ] with sequels. all right hunger games made some nice sequels. there wasn't like the scorch trials or whatever the [ __ ] that thing was remember that. one with uh the dylan guy. what is it maze. runner that was good the first. one and then it was like what are you doing. after that yo hunter games. figured it out all right. i'm telling you they figured it out. and then i go but but here's the thing. here's the thing if you make a dope movie make the prequel. way more interesting to. see how the people that you loved watching. got there than it is to. see more different people after the other people already died. we don't care god he's in. the [ __ ] beans but when i make too much sense. that's where i am hey. look look up look up. it's guacamole so i'm i'm i'm watching the hunger. games the prequel now so they did. three movies bang up. job dude all right. yeah the first one was the best. second one was fine third. one was fine and i'm telling you. if the third one's fine. you did it all right. look at matrix matrix one. one of the best movies. of all time matrix 2. is in the top 6. billion movies matrix 3 is in the top. 25 billion movies and then the new matrix. is the worst movie you've ever. seen right behind wonder woman 1984. and christmas bloody christmas. which is about a killer. robot santa that i tried to. watch the other night but dude. i turn on hunger games. whatever the [ __ ] the new one. is called the the the the bird. in the hen or whatever the hell you know. it's probably something like that. song birds versus snakes and snakes whatever first of all intirely too much. singing in the [ __ ] new hunger i like what's happening hey is it a musical. hey dude okay so the lead. is a singer fine two songs hey is this. hey are you in the jets. is this westside story hey what the [ __ ] is this. hamilton two song limit all right. it's like jesus christ she spent so. much time singing and i'm like here's the thing. i turn on the the the hun hunger. games i would i call it. the hunter games i meant. the hunger games i turn it. on the [ __ ] i see the lead. actress and i go like this. yo this woman would i bet. is so annoying right she's like 20. or something you know. um and i'm sitting there and every time she comes. on the screen i'm like man. she must look like somebody. that like rubs me the wrong. way or something she she looks so annoying. then i go like this wait. a minute is she the and i still don't. know but let me just make sure. let me find out right. now snow white interview. controversy no rachel zler here we go. is that her yeah. yeah ray yep see i knew. it it's amazing what the [ __ ] subconscious. will do i knew i saw in the middle. of movie i go like this. i saw a clip of this. chick being [ __ ] annoying dude i my subconscious. is the [ __ ] dude so i figured snow white. didn't she do the the annoying. here it is here it. is let's get past the ads. because i'm never signed. into [ __ ] my youtube. plus even though i have youtube. plus out the anus. dude but i'm never signed in. um a new modern age. uh so rachel z. and galado on bringing a new modern edge. not age to snow. white stay when am. i not crying in public. it's so upsetting why. were you crying oh my gosh. i saw the the well i didn't even we didn't. even see overwhel but i saw the logo. and i went that's my name snow. white's up there my eyes. out that's sweet what was it. like seeing yourself for the first. time in full snow white. drft all a snake that guy. full descrition no i dress here this is the part. i think what i know. in what i'm used to. i think this is it. cu this the most replayed super super enjoyed every so far i. super enjoyed you said you were bringing. a modern edge to. it oh here go on stage. what you mean by that. i mean this guy's voice. he's like the lead guy. in that chicago fire. show i just mean that it's no. longer 1937 and we absolutely wrote a snow. white that is she's not going. to be saved by. the prince she's not going to. be saved by the prince. and she's not going to. be dreaming about true. love she's dreaming about becoming the leader. she knows she can be and the leader. that her late father told her. that she could be if was fearless. all right so it's still about doing. what you can to. make a a dude happy. only happens to be your dad. and dads is run. dude whoa whoa we don't know dude. we don't know and i tell you what. man i don't know you know. this it's fine you know. it it wasn't as bad as i remember. it it's fine she's probably. a sweetheart but man. i remember and i'm watching hunger. games and i go what the [ __ ] and then i say to. kristen i say is this. the [ __ ] chick that's playing snow. white and she goes oh. i think it might be and i said that's why. i think that my subconscious. came through dude i love when my subconscious. comes through man thank you subconscious. you're very welcome me. thank you me um anyway. she sang too much in the got a great. voice she's talented. no no doubt but got a great. voice but sings there. too much singing and um i'm watching the hunger. games and i'm like this is going. to suck because the first three were good. you know you just how many times can you make it good. bro an hour into. the movie i go well. i'll be damned i'll be damned. hunger games you [ __ ] did it again. didn't you not loud enough um let me do it. again wow hunger games. you did it again. didn't you whoops and hit the dj. khed one don't even. know how to okay. you get it those keys. are too close. together but it's all good. um all right uh make it stop well it's all good. i think it i think it. stopped now um we don't need three of them. oh it's oh there we go. okay uh there's no way. it's going to. bomb anyway i watch the hour. in i go all right. i go all right then my buddy. buddy i say buddy. because we correspond online burn. g i don't want to. mess up his last name. i say buddy like a [ __ ] burn gorman. showed up i love the dude. great actor uh and he's in hunger. games and he kills it. and dude he does that acting where it's like. oh want to. do it so bad where you just are. kind of screaming a little bit. but more you're more controlled but you still mean. what you say but you've obviously got a backstory that. maybe the actor created i don't know. if burn did that himself. but he was just like feeling it. you know he's good what can you. what can you say he's good. um i watched gran torino. or was that gran tmo the movie. the video game movie. yeah oh yeah gr torino's. the the other one the what's his name. clint eastwood where he says [ __ ] asian slurs all the time in the movie it's just an excuse dude it's so weird to. write direct and star in a movie. where you just play. a racist guy you know. it's like yeah yeah yeah you know. you are racist though also if you're 90. and white and you're racist. this just a has to. be also everybody's racist a little bit. and it's okay it doesn't mean. i won't have black friends. doesn't mean i won't have asian friends. but the second the [ __ ] pops off where the whites. at it's all i'm saying dude. where the whites at uh and not in a racist. way in a we don't really know. you know what i don't know. never mind i take it. back dude i i don't love i i i whites. are all right right. whites kind of are annoying sometimes. man honestly whites are it's they're such they're [ __ ] you know most woke people are white which is like i hate that um like what's this oh yeah if you got to. fight okay this guy i mean. so b this is bwa eagle. form if whatever this guy is if the whole world got into. a fight this guy would come in sixth i mean. this is the the wow dude. this guy will be in sixth place. in the whole world fight. it' be this guy and then like you know he'd die. the fifth place would kill. him right tonight i worked. on some of the eagle. bwa form also known as the bwa hawk form it is a fire element in china dude anytime they start talking about the elements and [ __ ] and fighting it's like you don't really it's not a thing bwa you know made it up bro you've had implants in your cheeks. oh god you've had a dimple made in your chin. you've had your lips. enlarged you've had your ey eyelids reconstructed eyelid reconstructed stupid. on none of it's true. none of it's true it's bs. they made it up they lie. they don't want to. give me credit for anything one. paper said i had each cuz i was growing. a little beard he had each little hair. transplanted into his face. with a laser lasered in how ignorant. is that i mean yo he looked crazy. i'm actually i haven't looked at michael jackson in. i mean a long. time like really looked at him. this is wild. i can't even grow a beard. now oh this is this. is from the south park. [ __ ] we like no you're ignorant. come on please is you're ignorant. you ignorant fool who wrote. such a you've had implants in your. cheeks oh god this. is like why don't they [ __ ] press. the rock on steroids you know. like this is how i i think about this. [ __ ] had a dimple made in your chin. you've had your lips. enlarged you've had your ey eyelids reconstructed eyelids. he said he was so nervous. stupid none of true. none of it's true he just grew up. like that true it's bs. they made it up he looks i think he looks amazing. honestly keep listen to. me now bro i'm sorry. i'm going to say. it beatboxing is [ __ ] so stupid dude it's so gargantuan stupid am i alone on this beatboxing is just like you're alone you don't have love a [ __ ] when i see somebody good at beatboxing i go like this a a when you see someone beatboxing go like this real loud a they're just it's it's just beyond dude and then there's stuff like and then there's groups dude hey groups hey a quadrant hey a quadrant of you guys just outside at a mall somewhere one of you guys is that guy you know when they do this kind of [ __ ] you know a quadrant of [music] you okay that guy's actually not even [music] bxy so like calling out mayday calling out mayday okay all right i don't mean to. be racist but [music]. the [music] trumpet okay dude. that's so dope but yo you're so good. for real develop relationships though look. at [music] me nothing what if the beatbox. was so good that we got copyright [music]. struck this is a contest. [music] dude oh send it to. you it's oh right yeah i got to. send it to. you dude [music] dude. that guy did the zipper that's four. dudes right [music] there wow. how did he do that. but a you know what i'm saying. it's pretty legit but don't do it. wait there it is um i just can't really get on. the the fact that people are still doing it. is the craziest thing dude. it's not 1987 anymore. they got real good. at it pretty soon though. they're just going to. that asian guy was so dope. that asian guy was so dope. here we go i don't. want to [music]. put call out may [music]. oh i'm going to. learn how to do this. and do it on [ __ ] dates with my wife. dude baby i've been working on. this thing just i i want to. i want to. spark the love back. into our relationship calling [music]. out just the waiter um would you would you like more. bread sorry dude i was beatboxing. yeah rick listen to. me now just [ __ ] [ __ ] oh sweetie dude i i know sorry i it's i thank you for coming and meeting me at dinner i i know i just been swamped man i did been doing my podcast and all that stuff but anyway what do you think you're going to. want for dinner and she starts. answering and just ding ding ding. ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding. ding listen listen to. me now ding ding ding. ding ding ding ding ding ding ding dinging ding. ding calling out mayday just [ __ ] with enchiladas in front of [laughter]. me dude it's all good. dude it's all good. it's all right all day. all night back when hiphop used to. just do they still do. that on the radio all. day uh all day and all night. or how about the when they would do the um a guess who's back. in the mother fr of. house with the fat c for your mother. of mouth if get sc. this and z do too it's just and you're just oh oh okay. uh i'll just buy the cd. back then are swe wordss they got to. go away by the way they're who cares anymore. you know i was listening. to a clip song the other day. cuz my son has key. the the key cards they're just credit. cards or they're old like the y. cards and whatever those sizes. crck cards and uh he says i got key. cards dad and he was bringing them. around and then i was like i there's a song i play that song it. goes keys open doors keys. open doors keys open. keys open keys open doors. by the by clips and he wanted to. listen to it all the time. and calvin was like they're saying bad. wordss and it was so cute. i was like ah it's just the song. don't worry about it [music]. um but keys open. doors oh this guy ate this. guy at eating eating eating eating so casually [music]. eating i i tell you what dude. if i [ __ ] could dance like this. i'd have 35 illegitimate children. like i yo i would be all i needed. if i would if i could dance like this. bro i would be dead. i would be so this. guy's so dope i will i if i could dance like that. my life would be so different. and i mean it i would be in europe. no [ __ ] that i'd be in new guinea. just living a life you would never i would not be famous. people would just be it would be have you. ever heard remember that. guy i was one of those guys remember that guy. that [ __ ] he moved to. new really the guy who [ __ ] would dance who did the [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah he lives in new guinea now. really uhhuh guess what what. he's the leader of a tribe what yeah. the guy the tall would look like a bird. yeah really he's a leader. of a tribe in in in in new guinea. in tunisia god that i ate i eat um dude. eight is so stupid yo this. is so funny people are sending. me this because are saying this guy looks like he's related. to me but who is this. guy and he is insane. that's my [ __ ] problem and yes i like to. [ __ ] and that's my [ __ ] problem other than that i've got no [ __ ] problems so i guess i'll spend the rest of my life solving that final one every day i mean gangster slay my way oh two cats and a win at the this guy has never been invited to. a thanksgiving dinner i i mean. i am telling you i'm this. guy has never he is this. is a guy who because he has social media. now people know who he is in the 90s. this dude would be homeless on the streets. unbelievable this guy's never been. invited to a thanks. i like bad [ __ ] that's my my [ __ ] problem and yes i like to. [ __ ] and that's my [ __ ] problem other than that the way he's talking about also like scratching is and that's my [ __ ] problem insane and on the thing it says for my horny little island girl h no [ __ ] problems so i guess i'll spend the rest of my life solving that final one every day the first one's bad but the second one gangster slay my way oh the second one is killer bro the second one is just like oh no what is he doing he did not eat he did not eat he didn't eat uh all right uh that's wild i'll be in sacramento. get your tickets brea california. phoenix arizona el paso uh albuquerque new mexico. colona bc vancouver bc. rochester uh new york we got a bunch of different. dates go to. chris dot com go to. get the grow or die. merch right here and while you're out. to get the special chris dot com. uh i appreciate you guys. listening leave a comment you know and uh subscribe. that's it for youtube. if you want to. catch the rest of the episode. the raw the uncut the unedited version of uh this. episode all you got to. do is go to. patreon dot com christalia and you can get the full. episode and every other full episode. we ever do of congratulations. and also the extra episode. we do a month. we've done this for now. 2 3 years there's a bunch of different. uh episodes that you can unlock immediately. if you get this now all for six bucks. chris or patreon dot com. chr dot com say patreon. dot com chr thank you. very much [music] congratulations. [music] 