 adam andeve dot com is the place. to go to bring more. pleasure and satisfaction into. your bedroom and they're offering 50% off just about any item. plus free shipping which includes rush. processing just enter code lifeline. at checkout we'll talk about this. more later on in the show. anyway i kept going dude. six six six the devil. the devil you knew i was going. to say that dude. i knew you're going. to say that to. did you know i knew. you going to say. that knew that's awesome. i knew knew i knew you were going. to say that tony robins. tony i knew it. gun dude runk hello hello hello hello will helloo 50% is a lot baby baby good for christmas. what's up episode 88. uh it's cool to. say 88 like this. 888888888 no no it's very cool. it's episode 808 888888 that's not cool. it's sunday december 17th. w about that not interesting. crazy it actually is weird. that it's so close. to christmas and it's coming up. here um patreon dot com. lifeline luxury go on over. to lifeline luxury dude. let me tell you something/ lifeline. luxury what i say just left. out the slash slash is essential otherwise you won't go. to the site all. right but i'm i i'm saying a horror. movie director slash is essential but dude. i what i'm saying is uh it'll be a great. thing to get for christmas. for somebody be amazing it would also be a great. because you can get it. for a year for somebody. oh yeah but also what you can. do is watch it over. the holidays oh yeah you know what i'm saying. just have the family gather. around you know what else you. can do we're family your family. it's like one big family. is get my special christ. dot com watch it. this holiday season instead of hanging out with your family. watch it with your family. so you don't have to. talk to them right. or you can get them. tickets to come see. me in sacramento you can. come see get tickets. to see me in brea. and phoenix and el paso. and also albuquerque and that's that and that's that you do. your part i'm going. to go to get a water. all right man i'm going. to do this all on my own. which is interesting because i got the podcast. that is all on my own. coming up soon it's called. the private go submit yourself. as a potential guest. on this tell me a an amazing. story uh and share it with the world. on the private record go to. the private record dot com follow. us on instagram and tik tok. obviously subscribe on youtube. we're coming out real soon back. and i'm excited uh what else what else. what else you want to. be on this show click. the link in the description below. or just go to. watch lifeline dot com appreciate you and look thank you for listening. to this podcast thank you for being a part. of this podcast and thank you if you subscribe. to the patreon uh you keep the show. going we appreciate you and really. it's really fun to. do this podcast i like doing it. and i don't want to. stop so let's keep going. also you want some last minute. gift ideas o no no no no no no no no we're not doing that. touching we're not touching that i'm going. to talk about it in a minute. so just hold your horses. on that last minute. gifts lifeline merch dot com. you said that didn't you no. i didn't no i no. i effing didn't what i want to. know is you like the tangerine. l i decided and i don't know. how i feel about this. i'll let you you know when we're halfway. through the show to not bring a perer. on air this episode and bring a lroy. this is a tangerine lroy. i prefer orange lroy. but this will have to. do dude qvc we've got a beautiful. lroy tangerine lroy and you know it's absolutely. unbelievable look at this beautiful. color yellow orange says right. there tangerine naturally essenced. what does that even mean. you know that's nothing it basically. means it tastes like maybe you thought. about tangerine zero calor. if you're talking about calories there's zero. if you're talking about total fat there's z. zero if you're talking about total sodium zero. why you do it so loud. if you're talking about carbohydrates zero. if you're talking about protein. zero ingredients are carbonated water. and it is naturally. essence now what does it mean. there h here's the thing. about now here's the thing. about lroy there cannot be something. that tastes like something if it's not. in there so it is absolutely. cancer causing there cannot be. something in here that. tastes like tangerine that they are. saying it is not in here. it can't be okay it. is something in here but they are saying. it's nothing it's cancer they're saying. the only thing in here is water. legitimately that's the only thing that they are saying. that's in here and it tastes. like tangerine this is why. is nobody talking about how impossible this is. made every single person who was watching turn it off. already it simply can't. happen okay right yeah we can all agree. yeah we selling it for. this this time only it's okay. you just drank cancer it's okay. dude why do they do that. do what there's something. in there no one does what you did. there's something in there. and they're saying there's nothing in there. it tastes like something so there's something in there. so what is it ingredients carbonated. water that's all it says carbon in water. comma naturally essenced. what is that we don't know. but obviously they're getting away. with it by just like there's there's an aster asterisk next to. essence and it all it is the asterisk all it means is non. gmo so essence all it means according to. this can is that it's non gml but what is it. if it that's what i'm the definition. of a thing the definition. of a thing can't be non. that's exactly what i'm saying. they're saying it's not in there. but it's in there no is they're not saying. it's not in there they're saying. for only $2 this naturally essenced. whatever is non gmo but what is naturally. essenced exactly it's not in there. but it's in there $2. wow what the what is it. is cancer it will kill. you this beautiful lroy. sparkling water and there's too many. words on the front here. too so that's great. actually think the tastes. better than perry is out. of control and here's what i can't. believe okay there was one literally before. we started this there was one. perer left in the refrigerator and like dozens of lroy. you and i have had this discussion. many times you always say lroy. is better you chose. knowing i exist to. have the very last perier in the refrigerator now. why'd you do that. to gift you the absolute beauty. of tanger now there's too many. letters words on here sparkling. water tangerine naturally essence lacroy that's too many. we can all agree. on that you didn't answer. my question i i i i don't like that. trash [ __ ] what is that what what tangerine. lroy there's lime there's pl. there lime in there yeah you still chose. to can take the very last. perry knowing that i thrive. and survive on perry i like. perry better now you do okay. well now at least that's a good reason. chang i like better now. good it's better sorry. stick you with the tangerine here's the thing. though no i like it's fine. okay obviously i like that. better but okay i'm going. rub it in perier is twice. as expensive as the croy right. i i rarely am like something's. better just cuz it's expensive. but when something's $5. or $10 the chances. of the thing that's $10. being better are exponentially high. and yet there are people in this. world who actually say to. my face straight to it. lroy tastes better than perryer you're crazy. you're absolutely crazy if you want your water. to taste like really shitty. water down candy here i go. here you go i got the thing. that's right for you if you want your water. to taste like water. there you go it's over. there my brother took the last one. didn't let me have it. you're doing a a qvc for per. then yeah but i'm doing it. from the heart i know okay i want to. be a qvc guy dude. rate my rate my hair. did you just recently. touch it maybe cuz it was going. around like nine zone. now it's down to. like seven and half. eight oh come on dude. you touched it you was in the nine. zone it was like going crazy. over there it looked cool. you think it was in the nine. zone yeah a matt damon. movie the nine zone rate my hair. matt dam i'm saying matt matt damon in the in the trailer. oh oh it needs to. be higher the worst movie. ever the nine zone the [ __ ] worst movie of all time brian cox is like we're out of four right now it needs to. be higher the nine zone. you know introducing a latino male god. lat uh latino i was going. to say latino mes instead of uh matt damon. movies wow that's so stupid. matt damon movies three out of four of them. are the shittiest looking things in the world. okay well we don't downsizing nothing. ever looked stupider than that. we bought a zoo nothing. ever looked stupider than that. uh the the adjustment bureau with. the [ __ ] that i saw nothing ever looked dumber. with the hats and then every once. in a while he'll do. a movie where i look. i haven't seen this movie but i still know. i say this all the time. uhhuh matt damon gives the best. performance of all time in the movie. still water i haven't seen it. but we all know that. he does right cuz he's got like the hat on and he's like i'm from oklahoma you know what i mean. right and he's they made that movie i want my daughter they make that. movie every year though yeah but he's so good in that movie even though. i didn't see it you know. he's so good in that. movie dude you think yeah dude. all right you think that he won. the oscar he not nominated. what year was it that's the sham. i haven't seen it but i know they don't give the oscars. for the best stuff i mean. sometimes they do but yeah they don't nominate. all the best stuff they it's a popularity. contest and that's what sucks. yeah or they also it is usually. or very often that but they also have the worst. taste the academy has. ab [ __ ] taste yeah yeah dude greenbook won an oscar avatar won best cinematography like what crash one best picture crash yeah dude what slum dog millionaire one slum dog chamillionaire one [ __ ] best picture dude unbelievable what is that matt damon movie where he's like talking to. himself the whole time it's really. funny oh the the informant yes. that's one of the four. out of one of the one out of the four that is great. but three out of four. look like the innards of an [ __ ] they see me. they see me ring aren they on. a boat sometimes in that. i mean maybe they see me. rowing we're brown wow. worst lyrics dirty so bad. we're [ __ ] hindi okay red dots we're dirty. we're going to stop it. now and we're let me get some curry. curry anthony love that. dude uh slum dog chamillionaire baby. i want some non bread. dude there's a old decrepit. dying dog in here that is asleep. and with that laugh you. just woke his ass up. scared the [ __ ] you almost killed him give me some cumin some non bread and some curry. got to get some indigestion. r and dirty sl. chamillionaire oh [ __ ] dude [ __ ] man a stupid s oh [ __ ] dude wow you and anthony huh oh [ __ ] i love stupid [ __ ] dude i hate you know i hate [ __ ] jokes dude i just like you just made a [ __ ] joke. that lasted four minutes it's dumb. it's dumb dude i yeah. i agree [ __ ] i agree dude. non bread i don't even. know if that's indian non bread. is indian you mean you don't. know if the movies is ind. no no no no no i have no. idea about anything i just said honestly. you don't have an idea about anything. period just in general it's what makes it better. dude oh [ __ ] man oh man. my face hurts i was laughing. so hard the give a bj. what are you doing i'm about to. give a bj dude. chill out all right. you want to. get get into it. or what the [ __ ] man. you know it's like jesus. christ el start man you done. yeah hey matt and chris this. is lety i love you. guys i've seen chris l. a few times and i can't wait. for the next one so we the s is. yeah yeah now you got to. start over i know i'm sorry. i thought you said hey guys this. is [ __ ] hey guys this is hob all right. let's do it hey matt. and chris this is lety i love you. guys i've seen chris love. a few times and i can't wait. for the next one i need advice. as with something so we live on. a busy street and um when turning right. um it's kind of like a tight. turn because of the heavy traffic. and usually because people park. right on top of the little entrance. and the curb has a little area. painted red and people still park. like way past it even. like not even respecting it. like past it all already. so mad so um it makes it kind of unsafe. turning into our home. when there's traffic and everything. um so we ended up getting a cone. and we put it right. there where the painted. area is and people are moving. the cone like oh is. it just me i would never move. the cone ti one. time i found the cone by. a tree like super far away. so people are moving the cone. and still parking in the way. we get what should i do. pop advice is appreciated if you see well. leave a note if if it's a that. sucks though you know how many different. people probably park there all the time. like yeah if if if you notice one. in particular leave no always leave a note. have a a printed note like zero. zero copy make a 100 copies of your. note yeah um and if you see someone keep doing it. pop their tires like you see. a repeat offender yeah that's so [ __ ] up to. pop their tires i wouldn't pop. their tires but oh then why. are you because if i i did it. a few times and someone po. my tire after they give me a note i would be like i kind of deserve. it i would genuinely think that yeah. wouldn't you no because my tire would be popped and i'd be too mad. to be able to. see reason maybe like the next day. i would be able to. but in that moment i'd be like somebody. just popped my [ __ ] tires. at that point honestly. i would thank the game. dude that's the game and i would be like you know what the game. got me today thank you. game thank you game live. by the game die. by the game okay but i'm serious. i understand but do you believe me. chill out dude yes believe me okay. uh i agree it sucks. when people don't believe you dude. when you when you mean when you mean business. i mean bus people are like uhhuh. you know what i mean. yeah and i i mean absolutely business. i don't like that i mean. absolutely business you uh damn it. a pirate a pirate forign. lo the plank made absolute business. the [ __ ] was i going to. say it's all good god nab it. it's okay you were talking. about the the the popping at tires. and the reason you don't see reason. and uh yeah that that is i feel for you. that is a shitty situation dude. but uh the cone was a good. idea the problem with the cone. idea was that it was a good. idea like i said but it would it. was so obviously not going. to work yeah i agree. you know what i mean. yeah it was just so obviously. not going to work. that it was a bad. idea uh good thought bad. execution it was obviously not going. to work um i have so many cones. but uh what i have. so many cones traffic cones. in your possession do i have them in my garage. why for things like that. oh do they work no. never and i and i do it. all the time and it never works. and you know what i i just thought about though. put why i have so many i want get more put six out. there exactly that just thought that. putting one is just a an atrocious idea. line them and create like a rectangle. of them like don't even. like have an empty middle. of them like so it really. seems like or dude. you mean absolute business. just put a bunch of nails. down but that's so antagonistic. like it's it's you don't want to. get into that kind of thing. especially because you live there. if you worked there maybe but you you don't want to. do that kind of thing. around the place you live you start. a war people are going. to be like war. doing [ __ ] up [ __ ] you know yeah um i don't know what you can do though honestly when they're i mean maybe when they're in the red zone call like the red zone the red zone with matt damon yeah he actually literally was in a movie called the green zone yeah which is amazing um it needs to. be read the red zone. the most on theose dialogue it's not. red yet dude can you. the zone is only green. can i be quiet can you i mean. no i know the answer. to that i would never ask. that it's more funny to. be loud yeah well it's funnier. to be loud but and then sometimes it's funny. to be quiet. is there anyone to. call like if someone parks in a z. ghostbusters man what can. you call like some kind of [ __ ] authority if someone's parked it's a ghost that parked you can call ghostbusters but besides that. and pissed dude. i mean yeah you can call somebody. for parking enforcement of course you can i didn't know. that and tow the car. tow the car if you park. in a red zone starting. mt damon you get you. get pulled who do you call. though matt damon no who do you call. for realon who do you call. that's what the movie's about. matt damon he's a parking. enforcement you call the [ __ ] uh uh um city oh 1800 city what does that even mean need more numbers you know i i i think you call parking enforcement. you just you can just call. great idea how do i report legal. parking oh yeah you can yeah. you're right i you didn't know. this dude 24hour oh that's amazing. well people come park 24. hours what do you mean. of course you i didn't. realize actually didn't know this. i didn't know this i mean. i if i thought it if i ever thought it. through i probably would have been like there. must be but i never have thought. to do it that's the problem. you didn't think it through. yeah well relax it's not the problem. no but it is the problem. because now we have google. we just rely on it right. yeah we just relied on. it now saw find the information. i saw a meme the other day. and this was so this. was so interesting okay. you know the leonardo. caprio where he's uh in django and he's the meme. where he's drinking the thing. and he's like this yeah yeah yeah all right. so it said uh teacher. to me when i was in fifth. grade or whatever uh well. you won't be able to. carry you you won't be able. to um carry a calculator around. in your pocket all the time. you know you how teachers used to. say that oh right. yeah and then it said me. and like this like cuz we do we have in our. pocket all the time you just explained. a meme though that is the most thing. you cannot do ever in the history of the world. did you know that i don't. think i knew that no did you think about it. now though what do you think about it. now that you think about it. explaining a meme yeah like that isn't in front of someone. trying to explain i mean. he not i think there's worse. things i think there more boring. things m like murder more. boring things no more boring. things are more boring. things h yeah like what i have a friend. listening to him talk is way. boring more boring than that. but but on in your defense. it's interesting because wow how is he being so. boring so in a way i'm kind of like it's interesting. yeah yeah so you might be right. about that up i'll say it's up. there but it's okay it's okay that i did. that that's how you started. saying that i sneaking out. snu out came out of the bathroom. and snuck out so hard. he walked out of the bathroom. and looked around like he was in a car. at an intersection like dude. did the shadiest [ __ ] in the world. in there injected pcp all right. let's do another one. injected pcp who wants better. sex and who wants to. start having better sex immediately. i think i probably i think everyone does. and the best way to. get started is to. go to adam andeve dot com. right now ad offering 50% off just about any item. and free shipping which includes rush. processing what that's right and more than that. adam and eve wants to. make your life easy they offer discreete shipping. as your privacy is. a priority plus plus 100% free. shipping with rush processing on. your entire order so bring more. pleasure and satisfaction to. your bedroom it's 50% off one uh item free shipping. with free rush rush saying go to. adam andeve dot com and select any one item it could be an adventurous new toy or anything you desire. just enter offer code lifeline. at checkout that's lifeline l. i f l i n. adam an dot com this is an exclusive. offer specific to. this podcast okay so be sure to. use this code lifeline. to get your discount. 100% free shipping. and get it fast. with rush processing code lifeline. good day fellas sty and basically my question. is from ireland on the northern. hemisphere currently in new. zealand on the southern. hemisphere and i'm wondering what your thoughts. are on spending six months. of the year uh on the northern hemisphere getting summertime and then coming to. the southern hemisphere getting the summertime here for do. or six months that. year that's all your that's it. well matt what are your thoughts. well my thoughts are wow you said different places. geographical places 85% of the words. in that submission were geographical. i'm from ireland i'm in new. zealand and sometimes i go to. australia what are your thoughts no. what he's saying is what are your thoughts. on living half the year. one place and half the year. another place i think that's not great because you're just if you're just experiencing. summer everywhere summer everywhere starring matt d. damn it it's winter what the [ __ ] [ __ ] can't beth it's not good i feel like that's probably not good for your body or brain. to have it always be summer. like it's the same as like people where it's daylight for a whole. season it's like that's [ __ ] with your brain. so drunk [ __ ] with your brain. that's so good dude. i want that what i like that. snow bunnies snowbirds what do they call. them snowbirds mhm yeah snowbirds. they go so like my uh my motherinlaw. she lives in uh north carolina. but then when it's freezing. she goes to arizona. like right okay yes but it's not that's not what he's saying. he's literally shifting hemispheres which means it's actually summer. in the in the place that he goes he's never not experiencing. summer sure okay in arizona. it's still winter when she leaves. yeah i i know what you're saying. it's just warmer you're acting like warmer winter. i'm like warmer winter. starring matt damon what the [ __ ] dude. how about the actual fracking. movie matt damon was in like that's such a piece. of sh [ __ ] stinky [ __ ] dude. what is it who is. it what's it called. him and john krinski and it's like he's just like in a town somewhere. and is it called what the frack. yeah yeah and like it's it's fracket. frack don't talk back you. know what i would you know. what i've never known and i won't know. what fracking is and i will die. not knowing what fracking. is you know what's really true. though as well people who right. anthony yes the [ __ ] is fracking people who so many people explain are hardcore anti. fracking also don't know what fracking is and that's annoying. i will never dude. i will never dude. it's like a really unsafe. bad for the environment way. of extracting oil and it or natural. gas and and and what you just. said is the most boring thing. to listen to. and they made a movie about it. that's the thing i mean. look talking about it getting. your pennies into. joint about it i get it. cuz environmentalism and all that. [ __ ] i'm not like that but i get it i get how one could be for sure. but making a movie about it. dude also gus van s directed. that come on he's great. but he does some boring. [ __ ] clearly but but no but no what i'm saying is he makes a point sometimes. to make his movies. boring which i love gus vanand but that on a gus vanand level. holy [ __ ] [ __ ] like if peter berg did it' be like it might be [ __ ] fresh right but that's different that's a different kind of boring than you're right tracking is absolutely so that's like a movie [ __ ] matt damon and sing just [ __ ] yeah yeah well that would be better. summer fall sleep. all over again that would be better. because you'd be like holy [ __ ] they made a movie about it matt damon sleeping. that what the nari nar. this summer matt damon in breathing. that's in the trailer i like i think the most. boring name title. for a movie could and i think this. might actually be a movie waiting yeah. it is a movie waiting dude. isn't that a movie with uh is that ryan rand. dane cooks in it. right waiting right well they did they did it. but that it's a comedy. though right it's about like restaurant. so like being a waiter so it's it's even worse. than it has the ellipses afterwards. you did it even worse. than i could have possibly. imagined myself what do you mean. there's an ellipses at the end. of the title what do you. mean wow that is worse. waiting dot dot dot i thought ellipses. was this by mistake i i [ __ ] it up par waiting and then there's a movie called still waiting skyler stone's in one of them. i think that do that. doesn't matter oh no. he's great oh yes skyler okay. yeah um wow i mean waiting. i guess it was a hit huh. no i sequel they did. yeah it's still waiting i think it's a cult. classic it is it is it. is but that's the movie a [ __ ] no i remember that's the movie slick. [ __ ] silver shaft that's that was the movie. that uh ryan reynolds was like okay. he's in in going to. be in movies now i remember cuz remember he was the guy. in the pizza three guys. girls at pizza place. show wasn't he in that. i think he was in that. sitcom whoa i don't know. ryan reynolds history like this. i do even ryan reynolds's name. slips through my brain like how could you have. that name dude you know. who's like that for me. up until really recently is uh ryan gosling. dude i can never remember that. guy's last name but he's interesting. in yeah yeah no he's very interesting. well i think ryan reynolds is cool. as [ __ ] is he yeah i just don't i don't even know he his [ __ ] is just in my brain. and then right back out. ryan reynolds has gone here's the deal. like ryan reynolds or not. he's gotten to. the point where he's been around. so long that you kind of got to. be like okay i i think i like him. because he he doesn't he's not like the rock. where he's just always doing something. and it's annoying as [ __ ] he's riding around like i'm going. to do deadpool and kind of that. that's it and also i'll be in another movie maybe and then i have a company that. i'm going to sell for. $900 trillion so what's the differ. that is what the rock does. literally quiet about it though. what do what do you mean. he's everywhere dude he's like air. you can't turn around and not. see ryan reynolds in some ad. for some company i've never [ __ ] heard of um yeah i guess i don't know i'm not even anti ran. reyolds guys at that level. they're not even actors anymore. they're just entities i tell you what i was 100%. commitment committed i was 100%. committed saying what i was saying. and i don't even believe it. right and i don't care enough. but it goes to. show that's how people are when they get behind something. it's like you don't actually. but but but but but i'm different because what i did. is i'm saying right afterwards. i get it and i admit. it yeah yeah that makes you different. you're right yeah i don't you know. like if i believed in qanon. and then it all fell i'd be like okay. qon isn't real i wouldn't still believe in qon but a lot. of people still believe in qon because they've been believing. in q and not. yeah hold on they hold. on it's called it's called holding on that's not. a another terrible title for. a movie but that's not what it's called. that's just no it's it's called. holding on no holding on is just something you can say. about something but it's not called and i say it. about that so it's called. that all right well let's do another submission. okay okay y what's up. matt what's up chris my second time. on the show nice first time. i was on i asked. a question about um what what. to do if your best. friend likes a girl but the girl likes you i uh. appreciate the responses on that. i wasn't really actually going through. that situation at the moment. i uh i was just thinking about it. i was like damn that's kind of a good question. to ask like you scario anyways. i have another question i want to. ask you guys so honest. opinion is it uh is it. as creepy oh as it. is to me to. you guys if one of your friends. or just some male friend constantly calls their dad. daddy oh that's cuz i got to. be honest with you i don't like it. and it's and it's never just like a normal. daddy like we literally have a friend. and he says it in the most creepy. [ __ ] way he's like i love you daddy whoa. okay daddy oh yeah i mean. i'm not picking on anybody that. calls their dad daddy it. is what it is i just wanted. to know what your guys' opinion. was on that that's [ __ ] weird by. the way the nose. ring doesn't look too weird. with the tatto. tattoos right no it's good let me. know what you guys think. wow just should have only wanted to. know about the nose ringing of the tattoos you know just literally admitted he. made up a whole thing. yeah twice right good point. and then at the very end snuck in the thing. he actually cares about good. point yeah the nose ring in the tattoos [ __ ] what like you actually think someone walks by you dude and is like what the [ __ ] with that guy's nose ring. i mean i don't know i might no. that no one does that. yeah they go they flow with. the [ __ ] rest of his whole vibe yeah i get it. i so like he saying he's asking saying not so bad. with the tattoos right you get it. i think right means but but i think what i think what he's saying. is i think what he's alluding. to is we probably talked about a nose. ring before on the show. and said it was silly. is that even with him. might have i don't know. that's what i'm getting but who knows. what the frack but like uh what was the question. again dad guys who call dad's dad. dude that's that i don't does. anyone do that that's so extremely weird. but also it could just be normal. for their family but it's still very it. doesn't necessarily mean anything. but it's but it's very weird. it's like if you're going to. call if you're a grown man and you want to. call your father your dad. daddy you got to. be like funny about it. or something it's odd. yeah that's that's it's odd. you can't be like here's the daddy. i love you daddy. here there's so many there's too many. connotations with daddy now here's what. it is it you have to. understand that if you do that. people are going to. think it's weird that's the thing exactly. number and you still do it. whatever if you call. your dad daddy and you're a grown man. you also have to. be worth a billion dollars. cuz that's something that if you're you're you're an oil. family yeah i mean if you're poor and you're just like coming. home to a onebedroom apartment. just like hey daddy yeah the vander buils do that. the dupont do that the bushes but you got to. wear an way the bushes don't do that. you have to. wear yeah 100% an ascot by the way it's even weird. to call your mom mommy if you're a grown man okay it's [ __ ] weird i do that specifically as a joke. a joke yeah right. which is to. imply which is another way. to say that's really weird. right i do that specifically as a joke. swear to god [laughter]. um but yeah and by the way. daddy is so weird. you don't even do that. as a joke no. you don't even make that joke. you don't even make that joke. no hey daddy oh that's [ __ ] weird that. feel very do that imagine calling dad. daddy do it say hey daddy hey daddy. do that feel weird hey daddy do that. feel weird yeah not that weird. though no i'm thinking about other stuff. like hey dad da that would be like funnier. d da dad da yeah but that's just funny. i know cuz i'm just thinking it. through though you know what i mean. like daddy yeah no it's not good. dad mobile let's take the dad. mobile like he's in the other room. daddy no n that's weird yeah you know. what has nobody ever told that dude. that no one's done that. he made that up he made that up. somebody does it he admitted he made it up. like about i understand his track. record is not good but my son calvin sometimes calls me. daddy and it is [ __ ] i i know it's the cutest thing in the [ __ ] world yeah i love that he calls me dad dad d i love that he calls me dad daddy anything. you are his d i that's i'm saying i that's what i love. i love when he calls me. dad and i think i'm that. boy's dad like i i i i love. that i love that. and i tell him i love being his dad. all the time it's so awesome. and i can't wait to. tell tell that to billy and have him. have the wherewithal to. be like oh or okay. dad and have him call. me dad to. have two [ __ ] sons call me dad is going to. be so awesome worst. monologue where monolog in to. play the best one and it. starts out with that that's the beginning. of the play yeah be yeah yeah all right. you you want to. keep going or you after. the guy after the guy from the side. stage that's been sitting there the whole time. while the audience trickled in says there. was a story once about you know what i mean. like i hate plays. that start with the actor already out. there when the people are trickling in oh yeah. you know what i'm saying i do and and everyone cu. everyone's sitting down they're like oh you see we can see. you see him yeah nah dude. start the play when everyone's settled and then start. to play yeah have the guy. come out then with the banjo. all right next what's up. chris what's up matt guys. i sent in a video. a couple weeks ago. about you know selling. my hair for $125,000 to. chris and look you guys. i think we all know. i was joking around well. yeah man um you know. matt especially you cuz he was like that. seems like a bad deal you. know which of course it is that. would be practically giving away. so oh wow so you know clearly i was joking. around i know i can't sell you. my hair you know. what i'm saying and here's what i want. to say this is probably most important. is [ __ ] you you know if i could chris i wouldn't make you buy my hair i would i would give it to. you as a charity um. it wouldn't even be about like a tax. write off thing either it would be a complete. charity um so you know now you know here here's the thing. i don't put the videos up. on there so it's like you know someone put that. video up thinking that it. might be something for you. to take into. consideration that's all i'm saying. but anyways i do have an advice. question today um wow listen guys. i'm not good at saving. money how do i become rich. and famous so i don't have to. worry about saving money. that's a good question. dude that that is such a good. question how do i get rich. and the famous part doesn't matter but how do i get rich. so that i don't have to. worry about money that. is such a good question. yeah but it's so relatable you know. think about it it's a relable. it's a really good everyone wants. to know the answer to. that question don't they yeah. i think so if how how do i get rich. yeah yeah i mean well you know. it how do i get rich. yeah well the reason it's such a good. question is because there's very obviously no answer. cuz if there was an answer. every single person would do it. there would be nobody poor which means there. wouldn't even be anybody rich either. we be live in a communist. society and no one wants that but also there's there there's so many uh there's so many answers. to that yeah you can develop. a skill and grind for years. you can invest in business. but there's no surefire ways. is what it is yeah. yeah of course not you could be im. immensely talented at something. and then you'd have like a better. chance than someone else who isn't immensely. talented at that thing to. get rich but even then you know. it's not likely nobody's almost nobody's rich. the other thing is he said how do i get rich. so i because he doesn't know. how to save dude. you got to save to. get rich well that is that is there. in lies your issue is that yeah. you got to figure out. a way to save. money even if you're you have a low paying job. job like mhm saving is so important. i'm also terrible at it. but i absolutely recognize. the importance of it put a little bit. of the money away every time. you make some put it in well what saving. money i think so well yeah i mean. probably well you're definitely better. than me yeah i mean. i just like yeah dude. really there's a [ __ ] hole in my pocket. yeah do you think that uh what do. you think that is a in therapy. i mean do i think that is for one. i make way less money. than you no no no no i know. but but but but if you're making a money. and then you still want to. spend the money what do you think it. is i mean it doesn't matter. how much money you have want more. of the money spend more of it. and that's and then i do that. i understand but and then i have less but all i'm saying. is it has nothing to. do with the amount of money. you have if you are a person that likes to. spend money you just you you're that. kind of person so what is it. about get getting the money. and wanting to get rid of it. to get stuff for it. i don't want to. get rid of it i want. to keep it but i don't have. enough of it to. to live the way. i want to. live the way i want right. and also save is difficult. with the amount of money. i make i understand. that but if you were to. make $30 million a year which is a little bit more than i do. yeah would you think that you'd still have. that problem no right so then you're not really a person. like that yeah but that's true. of almost everyone i don't know no. well yeah okay i guess. so st like mc hammer. you know mc hammer is. the one guy who you you. could give him $80 million. a year and he'd figure out a way. to just give it to. everybody that he ever met you. know and be like i'm broke. now uhhuh i'm broke now but check out. this [ __ ] statue didn't that's he did that was him. right yeah he gave it to. i think he gave it a lot. a lot away yeah that's the story goes who knows. if it's true or not. but i believe it dude. yeah but when he does that. i'm just like go hammer. go hammer go you know. yeah go hammer he's also a pastor i he didn't he want. he kept giving people money. because he's too to. quit but i think that um it's pretty crazy. i think yeah i think someone was like hey dude don't give away. that money he was like stop hammer. time and he started giving money you know. what i mean yeah well at first. he was like you can't. touch this and then he was like i'm going. to soften up a little bit you i knew. it would end up being funny. some i gave that to. you i gave that to. you all right let's do the next. one what up boys. um i am calling in i called. once before i can tell that's the worst. shirt of all time just from that. area it's a pretty it's a bad. shirt i can tell whatever. the rest of that shirt. is it's still no matter what the worst. shirt of all however you cut it. that is a bad shirt. that could have my face. all over it on the bottom it's still the worst. show shirt of all time. yeah those shirts everyone see that. everyone mhm don't wear shirts. like that yeah hey are you a diver in 1950 right. that's what you are so. that's all good anyway just [ __ ] a girl god fingerbanged you know i was paused so anyway. go ahead about the girlfriend. who asks too many questions. and okay thanks what up. boys um i am calling in i called. in once before uh about the girlfriend. who asks too many questions. and uh you know at like coffee. shops or whatever. and it's just the worst. and takes way too long. um there is no progress. on that front um and i've just learn. to place my order and walk away. and she deals with the awkward. social interaction uh i am however talking about another awkward. ure interaction but from me okay so i was just listening. to you guys' episode. about uh some chick called in and she was talking about how everybody. in her family's got the same. j sounding name or whatever. and everybody makes the same jokes. and it's the worst and i also hate the obvious. joke um and i like to. think myself relatively witty. and clever i know you guys. are going to. make fun of that. um but you know it's just the so social interaction. is uh yeah you know. i i pride myself on it. i guess you could say and uh what this. guy saying to the point. where i have a couple of those. moments in my life where it's just so. vivid and i think the worst. example of it was i ran into. jay cutler and um almost said heath. ledger but phil heath uh the two bodybuilding dudes. like i don't know if they're still doing. that thing but it was like eight. and a half years ago. like that's how how much of an outlier. it is it's vivid to. this day i was working at a hotel. they showed up waiting for a car. and uh you know i was just kind of chopping. it up professionally and uh you know. i was like well how how's it. going to go this. year essentially and uh and jay. c's like oh well i'm going. to win and then he's going to. win the next few years and i uh i mean. i want to. say it now but i tried. stopping myself but it just came out. and i was like well you know you're going. to win unless unless i join you know and uh they both just not even. they didn't even pretend to. laugh they literally just looked at. me and they're like yeah we get that. all the time and it was an absolute gut. punch i don't even think i spoke after. that so uh i guess my question. is how do i get that. memory out of my brain. first off if that would be you know. possible and secondly i guess for other people. like i said i feel like i do a pretty. good job of avoiding. those moments uh but for your fans. and for me i guess. i'll take it is uh how can you avoid. those situations uh going forward. all right guys thanks a lot. got it um you get what he's saying. now yeah but that was the obvious. joke he he hates yeah. when he makes it and he hates when people make it and how do we avoid doing. that uh be funnier. be funnier i mean there's i it's it's all. it takes is before okay. it usually the these jokes. happen when you just met. someone and you're either commenting. on their name or what. they're what they do or something. like that that is like a surface level. thing that people know about a person. person just when you meet someone like and the a joke. arises cuz that's how it works. we think of a thing. that we think is funny. and then we just blurt. it out we don't usually run. it through the the checklist of like wait is this. funny did they get this. a lot but you have to. do that for people you just met. do they get this all the time. if the answer is even like possibly. then just don't make that joke. that's it i mean i wouldn't i wouldn't know. that that was a common. thing that bodybuilders got that joke. i don't think i would do that. one but i wouldn't think that they get that. all the time but i guess. maybe they do apparently you're not gonna win. if i join you know i get that. makes sense to. me that that it's a thing. that people say really oh wow. i guess i'm way off on that. yeah i don't know but i'm not pissed. about it so mad. i i uh yeah i don't know. i don't i don't think that that's i mean. you're going to fall into. that trap sometimes dude. you know know i do that. i'm a [ __ ] comedian i probably do it so it's like you you know i i i i like to. pride myself on not saying the things. that are the first draft jokes. you know but but you know sometimes. you do i mean and it's just going. to happen and it's okay. and don't beat yourself up. about it you know. man mc hammer had some hits huh. huge hits like so many yeah. well you were the whole time. you were talking you just could not. wait to talk about mc. i couldn't stop thinking about what you were. talking what he was talking. i was like man mc just and we pray every day. or whatever that song is. you know he had a lot. of hit and then the do what. did the adams family w. do what they wanted. to do say what they want. to say live how they want to. live you know what i mean. just like a lot of hits. at once dude like in three years. poor guy had no like he's probably. okay now no i'm sure. he's okay now but if he like had any sense. of what was about. to happen he could have prepared. for that and made sure that the money. didn't come in and go. right like that sucks dude. that song too legit to. quit is a [ __ ] banger do i'm going. to listen to. it on the way. home not you can't touch this. no you like to. legit to quit. better than you can't touch this. too legit that [ __ ] that that what about this. though that part wait which one is the one. that goes hi hi too. legit too hi it's better. cuz of the hey hey a g. a gay man that does that. even though you know it's like a fat black lady. a gay man that yeah. you know it's a gay. man cuz it's ha. a y yeah yeah yeah yeah you know. to legit yeah too legit. to quit he hey he trying. to get someone's attention. sweat sweat dripping all over my chest. i don't remember the [ __ ] john sh i thought of that when you did that. yeah we used to. when we were kids when we first moved to. california we were friends with this. family and and they had two kids. our age a girl chris's age a boy. my age the boy uh. was like just how would you even. describe him he was such a wild kid. wild dude that kid was wild. free association you like he would just say. [ __ ] that popped into. his head uh and one time. chris started like used to. go to the gym. at one point he didn't see. me for a while and i saw him was like way. more muscular he was like oh my god. like i i grew into. myself and he was like oh my god what the heck. dude look at you look at your ch. oh my god you ever just drip. water on your chest. and just look at it. like that no drift watch. and watch it trickle down. between your pecs like this. yeah yeah he said that. and um as if as if they that. that was the thing to. ask someone who started working. out like he like no it's even more like it's like he's been trying. to build his chest. so that he can do. that and he's like so needs. to know what it's like for you. it was immediate he asked. me that and so funny. and the best part about it. is he was younger. than me that was the best. part about it because i was like 17. and he was like 15. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's right. um so anyway he's doing well he is yeah. oh good i i love. that family whole yeah the whole f. is amazing yeah um all right. cool well want to. do another one yeah do another so sc. hey chris and matt my name is charlie. rich i'm phoning you from london. england first of all show i think matt using your life. experience your general wisdom you're making a positive. impact on people's lives it's fantastic. and chris i think you're doing. a brilliant job at finishing math. sentences okay listen my issue. is i'm an actor oh yeah and i have a lot. of financial struggle in a band. i'm in the creative industry. so are you to. i was wondering if you can offer any advice. or life experience to. help with this i'm at an age now. where people are buying. houses people are settling down they're having weddings. they're having holidays to nice. places and here i am. just kind of surviving month to. month um i need some advice. i need i need some help. on how to. how to deal. with this obviously just compare myself. less that is one factor if you have something that goes a bit. deeper than that or you. could offer some life experience that's going. to help me thanks guys yeah. i mean everyone's on the own. path though dude you know. it's like are you i don't know. are you talented. like he seems like he probably i mean. he probably in a band. right a photographer or something. yeah he could be a photographer yeah he could totally be yeah. i can imagine him be like let's see. look look at this. um um but uh i just i don't know. man it's just hard well also the truth. is we mak a joke. he looks like he's in a band. we don't know what the thing. is that you do so it's hard. to give advice true. about a a a line of work or whatever. you want to. call career path that. we're we're guessing about but you said it's a creative. one assuming it's in the arts. to some degree. dude now probably more than ever. it's almost just in terms of the math. yeah it's almost impossible to. make a good living in the arts. the gig economy has completely like edged into. the artist life and that those are not really that. compatible gig economy the gig economy. what's that well everybody's an independent. contractor now no one's an employee. no one's on salary they go. from gig to gig. the gig economy oh oh oh oh oh oh oh such a [ __ ] idiot dude. everyone at home rewind like 5. 10 seconds and watch the way. he said oh to. what my explanation about that. that's the dumb and you will. see the dumbest man in the history of the world. wow gig economy is that something it's a term. that people use to. describe the present state of the of the way the workforce exists. in the not know about that. and and that's a real thing well yeah did is what. i said something that lines. up with your vision of reality. i it's true i suppose. so but there's still people that don't do. that well of course but it used. to be almost everyone who actually made a living made it. through a company they worked for that. they went to that. job every day so yeah i guess i didn't i don't know i don't know way. way way more splintered and fractured. than that i guess i don't know. that and people get by as independent. contractors from job to. job gig to. gig i understand that okay i guess i i guess no i didn't know that yeah yeah no it's it's definitely like that m to. a much greater degree. than it ever has been before. and that makes it harder. because like this guy he's going. from thing to thing. to thing and there's no steady. way to accumulate wealth and to. get comfortable put down roots whatever. the [ __ ] you want to. do in life um but look you know. you mentioned comparing if you're comparing yourself. so much to other people that is starting. to look more attractive. what they're doing than what. you're doing not in resultbased way. but just in a daytoday way. then like maybe it's time to. not do what you're doing. but you if you compare yourself to. others then you have to. know that your the path. you're on is one. very well traveled it's it's it's littered. with people who were were where you are. and are now on the other end. who are much more successful. than you where you are now. if you am i am i saying that. right i know what you're saying. yeah i know you're saying you're just saying it's like you're still on. the path and if you're comparing yourself. you can know that by looking. around at others who've. done what you did. and stayed the course and ended up being successful. yeah i don't know i got so dizzy. in the past two minutes. um just completely dizzy uh that's a shame man. you okay happens to. me sometimes i don't know what's going. on yeah i'm probably fine. i hope dearly beloved. yeah no that happens. to me all the time. really uh yeah yeah feels. like it's like an inner ear. nasal thing or some. [ __ ] de beloved and it's fine but i'm so dizzy and i blame that guy it's his fault. yeah that was talking about you know. what i blame saying gig. economy too much gigg g. gg gg gg baby. talk baby all right you know. having a stroke dude don't. do that i want to. do it but i actually don't i want. to do it and i'm going. to do it i've always been that. way always disliked it but i like to. do [ __ ] like this a little brother dude why do i like it i don't know i know why i don't only do it to. you though know that so but how is it. little but what does that mean. because that's got to. kick your ass because a little brother. would do some weird. [ __ ] like that is that true. because you have a little brother. and that little brother's me. and i'm the one who does does. it or do you think that is. very interesting question i don't care. i don't know i don't care. to even get into. it i'm real that's all i know wow. and i'm dizzy as [ __ ] dude. i'm so dizzy i don't even. understand what's happening why. did that start happening god. more you need more water. you got too much caffeine. did you eat enough. it is that it is that i need i probably. need more water i drank caffeine. uh so much caffeine. that's that's what uh i didn't really. drink that much caffeine. jokes on you tricked. you tricked me dude. wow [ __ ] got me dude but um i should drink more water. just as a whole you drink. water out of a bottle like it's it's trying. to get out of your mouth. as soon as it went. in do you know. that dude you drink a bottle of water. and you go like this. good it's just running. out good what what oh wow good okay cool. you're not going to. make me feel bad about that. cool just went to. a tony robin 7 dude. just got out of a weekend. you do i want you to. drink water and i want you. drink it how you want to. do it and then i want you to. be happy about it dude. i love tony robbins i'm. not going to [ __ ] around. at all dude i love same. dude tony robbins he curses at people. it's [ __ ] amazing so how do i get a better job. [ __ ] you [ __ ] basically dude but he's so nice too say i'm a [ __ ] [ __ ] say it say it to. everyone look in their eyes. say it now what we realize you're [ __ ] so go out there and get a job dude oh [ __ ] and then after the testimonial with her you know just like and then the next week i got my dream job and i just just always works you know for some reason what was i going to. say i was going. to say something oh yeah. i want to. know something you you don't know. if i you want to. know something or i scratch. that do i want to. know something what are you saying. you want to. know something or you were. saying i and then scratch. that and you ask me. do i want to. know something but i don't understand. the first one you're saying well how could do you want. to know something no then that's not the first. one but but how could that have meant. that because you said i want. to know something i you want. to know something that's what i said. okay that's what i thought you weren't. sure if i said that you or not. is really the what comes down. to it okay okay so so now we know that. it wasn't me being dumb. it was you kind of you're being no. you were never being dumb. at any point i agree okay. okay what yes i want to. know something yes i don't think you do. to be honest i do. but what i'm going to. say i think you don't want to. know i'm a seeker okay. what i'm going to. i'm going to tell you i'm going. to tell you anyway i was in uh pittsburgh. i did shows one day i woke up. didn't want to. work out okay oh god. you feel like you probably don't want. to know what this is i woke. up i was like i got to. workout i went down you didn't want. to didn't want to. but i went down i was like let me just be there. at the hotel gym. yeah so i was like you know. what i'm going to. do i got there i'm like i'm going. to make myself do 10. uh pullups made myself do 10. pullups that's it no i was done. start you mean yeah just get into. it and i was like i'm still not into. it you cuz sometimes you do some [ __ ] you get into. then i was like i'm going. to do more pullups. i'm going to do. about eight we were on. such a roll you know. and now we're just talking about [ __ ] pullup. then i did six so i was at 16. okay right then i did six so i was at 20. whatever that is wow dude. 22 all right then i did uh six more 128 yeah sorry. 28 then i did six more. adding 100 to. it for no reason trying to. trick me you know. then i did six more. more so i'm up to. 228 right now anyway i kept going dude. 6 six six the devil. the devil you knew i was going. to say that dude. i going to say that. did you know i knew. you going to say. that i knew you. knew i that's awesome. i knew you knew i knew you were going. to say that tony robins. tony i knew it. gun dude i knew it. oh god damn [ __ ] dude we have to. bleep all those out. you know all right dude. so i got to. 134 now what jesus christ what i'm. realizing now is i don't think that's a multiple of six no. it's not it's definitely not but i but but you didn't. you started by doing 10. 100 oh right and then. you did six okay. so but even still 10. it's still not the right. multi but anyway i 134. oh okay that might be a multiple of six. no it's not no no hold. on is 124 divided six. that's not either no it's not. so i [ __ ] up somewhere along the way yeah but why did what why. what's the significance of six you. didn't need to. do that because that was as many as i could do each time. without the seventh one was going. to be really [ __ ] hard i don't know if i can do it does everyone at home realize how quickly i was able to. understand if that was divisible. by six i'm [ __ ] smart i'm [ __ ] smart rewind watch how fast i knew those were not i'm the one that said that but you asked and i said no because i knew right talking to. a dog that 124 was not multiple of. six hold on. so i did did 134. pullup uh pullups uh that's so many but okay. and i start i should have started the story with this. i start my workouts. when i do my back i start. with 50 pullups okay i start. with 50 pullups and then i do back. okay okay no okay okay okay that's fine. i am it it doesn't really make me sore. to do 50 pullups. so i was like i'm not going. to be sore i. did 134 pullups. i was so sore. the next day uh that well there's nothing to. discuss because there's nothing more understandably [ __ ] obvious than that i you usually do 50 pullups and one day you did 50 plus 134 and then oh my god you were sore only 154 34 that's still [ __ ] almost three times as many but i don't get why i was so sore when it's just the same motion over and over again when i also do other back stuff after that that is why because it's the same motion over and over and over and over and over again to. a much greater degree. than what you usually do. okay and that's obvious. i just i didn't think i would be this. sore and i am well. and i'm going to. do it again today. i don't care and i think i'm going. to i'm going to. do 135 pullups i'm and they don't. and they don't care okay. no one in the world cares. my goal is to. get to 20 pullups. at in a row i i got to. 19 in 2021. you couldn't just do one more you [ __ ] couldn't i couldn't i i can't yeah well you're going to. be able to. soon if you keep doing 134. now i can do 14. or 15 in a row. okay okay okay i'm just saying dude. i know okay i yeah it's pretty. good it's good especially cuz i'm i'm sit at 205. i i walk like a ball. player but i want you. know i i i i want i want to. be you know done. you want to. be done talking about this. that's what i want cuz i was say. we have the same desire. if that's what want all right. whatever man we got silly. this episode anyway all right. look i'm going to be in phoenix i'm going. be in sacramento i'm going. to be in uh brea uh el paso. what the [ __ ] dude grow or die. my special is available at chris lea dot com. also go on over to. uh patreon dot com lifeline. lxury where matt and i [ __ ] we got another show. lifeline luxury it's the same. as this only no submissions uh and private record. matt's uh new uh podcast yeah. go to private record dot com. follow us on instagram tik tok. and subscribe on youtube. all right i'm not dizzy. [music] nice you got a question. you want to. be on this show click. the link in the description below. or go to watch. life dot com you want to. oneone with me you want. to one one11 with me. go to mag. dot com and book. it give you the best. advice you ever had and if you want the merch. last minute holiday shopping lifeline merch. dot com booyah booya. and booah all right. hello hello hello please hello hello hello hello 