 runk hello hello hello h hello hello okay here we go. it is episode 127 it's sunday. september 15th happy birthday to. tommy lee jones and oliver stone and tom hardy and i know that and prince harry i know that because i always know whose birthday it is uh on september 15th that's crazy all those people's birthdays now what is this some kind of conspiracy. uh they were all all their parents. were humping nine months. before that so pretty much. yeah um this is lifeline. i'll be in duth minnesota. thunder bay ontario lexington kentucky birmingham. alabama montgomery alabama mobile. alabama and a bunch of different. places go to chia dot com. toronto i got coming up and you can join our patreon. / lifeline luxury. it is the reason we exist. because of you thank you. very much to the fans. we appreciate you we got another live. show coming up soon that'll be on the patreon. so we appreciate you and you can check out. matt's podcast at mata. dot com or uh oh sorry. at the private record dot com. and then oneone sessions. with matt at mata dot com. um lifeline live is december. 5th you can get tickets. in the description come join be a part. of the show it's going. to be in oxnard california. and it is is super fun we also have new merch. lifetime merch dot com. thank you the merch. is amazing you guys better. get it or else. um so yeah well we're out of the heat. wave huh do did. i wake up at 400. a.m. with the most monstrosity of a migraine. in history did i did that. happen yeah oh yeah it did. happen okay cool did that. happen today oh right. it did happen today do. i still have the lingering effects. of that master m yes i do yes yeah did. i still show up for work. yes i did yes and because well because we had to. do it today cuz tomorrow i'm on a plane i'm on a plane to. uh london ontario oh i thought you going to. london london no it's actually. weird how they have cities that are so big. be also in another place. how about when they just put a new in front of it. that that's way better though. i like that new london. yeah new london you're going to. new london ontario you're not going to. london ontario okay i am. and uh but it but what but they just do. that like london they have uh um uh uh another one. too so oh wow so didn't have and that. anything in the chamber you. know what is it though. it's uh i don't know they have. another one somewhere but it you know. whatever oh another london you're saying no. no no no no no i just didn't know. which one it is but i've seen it. before nice dude so uh it's all good. um about hollywood right. hollywood yeah hollywood they have hollywood. florida yeah exactly thank you very much finally. some you know worth having him. nice yeah that's true. um way to go anthony. so yeah but where the heat. wave oh the heat wave. was was brutal uh it. was actually brutal i was in texas. and texas was nicer than la. uh and even in west it. was like where was it. by what what was the temperature. 112 112 you know that no i don't know um peaches and cream one of the rhymes is limousine i don't know what really yeah in the back. of lim course it. is bro you know what don't exist. anymore limousines what's up with that uber uber destroyed. everything just limousines what limousine let's let's limousines. were kind of always stupid a big. car is fine. but let me limousines look. okay limousines are fine. for honestly just a few people the second there's too many. people i'm not i don't want to. be in it the weird. thing about limousines is that. they somehow tricked everyone. that it had it was there. was like overlap with wealth. like limousines are not cool. they suck oh yeah. they're just big long cars. with big long cabins that you can sit in sit. down far away from each other. and not yeah they they trick. it's like how jacuzzi. jacuzzi is not a synonym. for hot tub jacuzzi is a brand. of hot tub oh really yeah. dude jacuzzi just got in there. and was like ah ah clear. all you [ __ ] out we're calling these things jacuzzi. i thought it was jacuzzi. no dude jacuzzi people. think people think that um people say. kleenex instead of tissue similar. what is that called monopoly. no i mean something it's not call. monopoly but it's kind of like that. they have a monopoly on. the i mean i was answering. they didn't have dude. um they all when i go to. sometimes the grocery store. no when i go to. the i don't really go. to the grocery store. too much unless i'm going. to get hot food okay. and i go and they i ask for salt. and they always give me two. little packets two little two. not as many packets as i need. don't skimp out on that. don't skimp out on that. i think the reason for that. might be because most people don't use as much. salt as you maybe but they also do. that with ketchup i have a ra i used. to have actually not anymore. a low heart rate oh and i had a doctor tell me oh to. eat more salt really i was like dude. i don't think you understand. i already put so much salt. on it he's like i guess. just use a little more. then i was like okay. you're gonna if i die. from this is your fault. or yeah if you don't stop if you stop using it. you might die. you know because don't yeah you are you're the david bla. you're like david blae you got a wrestling. heart rate of 38. i have a wrestling. heart rate of six dead. dead person um but yeah so it was too. hot now it's nice thank god and it's all. good i can't do hot. anymore i just too old. or something i actually had that thought today i i love the heat. and then today i was just like after. the heat when it was nice i'm like you know. what actually maybe it's too hot. it's too hot it's too. hot and i think i think that might be an age thing. cuz i always loved being hot. i never really bothered me. as a matter of fact. i came in here today. it was too hot. in here oh i thought i to. put on the air i tell you what when you commented. about how hot it. was it made me feel good. because i was worried. i was dying because i have my migraine. i'm like what's happening. so your migraine is pounding. or what what's it doing. right now it right. now is just like yeah. it's throbbing kind migraine is. thrown around you know. that and i'm i i'm saying of course you have one. but like yeah people think bad headache. is a migraine right. which i don't know if that's true. or not but that is what people. think h su sexist no. but women are always like ah i have this. migraine in reality what happened. was they just thought of something. h su sexist you know what i mean. i do i do suex. okay know exactly what you mean. they just like to. have like ideas and [ __ ] but anyway suex okay so uh but but so anyway i i've never had a migraine. i would never allow my body. lucky dog well people i mean this sounds so obvious. once i started saying it i realized but it's like it's like a canker. sturs you either get them. or you don't everybody. gets headaches but you get migraines. or you do not get migraines. you either have zero your whole. life or you get a bunch. of them speaking of canker. sturs i bit my lip four. weeks ago hey never turn i'll never stop i'll never stop biting it now. i'll never stop i can't i did. it every day so it's been it's been a month. now yeah i can't stop biting it dude. i'm just crunching on. it like it's [ __ ] tacos and you don't want want to. take a day and just be like i'm going. to be aware of this. all day and not talk. it's not it's not talking it's eating that's what. i'm saying and not eat i that's what i said. i was saying fast for a day. or just be very aware. while you eat just like yes. for it's will be worth it. for a whole month. what are you doing who cares1 you're 53 years. old it's fine they didn't give they didn't give you enough. salt dude i i'm not 53 i'm 44. oh um and so that's fine. whatever dude i'm getting a a a [ __ ] wagon for my kids. on my the back of my electric bike. and we're going to go. go go crazy dude i'm i i'm 44. and i'm a dad and i'm going. to go crazy i'm going. ham i'm going ham. with the dadness good yeah. that's how it should be it's actually. really cool good that's your ham. dad yeah ham dad. so [ __ ] gross makes me think of a fat [ __ ] you know yeah ham is disgusting. nobody nobody actually likes to. eat ham that's the bottom i don't. like i don't like h. nobody in the history of the world has ever actually. enjoyed ham kristen says she likes. ham they're lying she's lying our. cousin nick is lying. he loves ham everyone who. says they like ham. is lying all right that's a pretty general. rule it's just not good. all right it's not bad. it's not good okay it's salty. i don't know what kind of sandwich. do you want who says ham. nobody gross that's gross that's gross. that if you're eight maybe maybe ham. dude what kind of fat [ __ ] likes ham. what kind of disgusting piece. of trash get a ham. sandwich you'd rather have that than like. chicken turkey or even roast beef. like pastrami you want [ __ ] ham you know you know who gets ham. sandwiches all the time probably kevin james i was going to. say old fat french guys that's it. oh and kevin james oh that's good. yeah how much is travis. who who's the football player. kelsey kelsey uh turning into. kevin james and he will be kevin james and that's great. and let's take the first submiss. i don't know enough but okay. i agree he'll be he'll be kevin. james soon let's take the submission. hey matt hey chris hope you. guys are having a great day. today to get your advice. on a situation that i'm in currently. great new homeowner in the military. so we can't move in just yet. but we got the security. cameras installed and we can see that. the neighbors across the street. are putting stuff in our. trash can parking on our. grass and purposely sending their dog. to our yard to. poop and then also pee on our hvac. unit we knew about. these people when we moved in because of their miscellaneous junk that they collect. like sanford and sun but we decided that it was going. to be a problem now that we have the cameras installed it's becoming a problem. and we can't do anything. about it at the moment. hopefully we move in they. stop to give you a little bit. more of a backstory before we moved into. the house the day before closing. somebody went through the back window. busted it and stole her dishwasher and stove and rolled it. out the front yard. not saying it was them. across the street going to. give them the benefit of the doubt. but i just wanted to. see what you guys thought. about this whole situation. and how to. deal with it professionally especially considering my wife and i are expecting. a newborn sun soon. so i don't want to. do shitty confrontation thank you. for your time guys and have a great. day life ribs you know. what i say get a bear. this is the beginning of a very upsetting. movie you get a bear and put it in the front yard. in a cage like a big. big cage if it's cage. it doesn't matter what why. because it can't get to. them stay out of the cage. but no no they can't get to. you the big cage is. big i'm saying so the cage. blocks what the the cage. the yeah the it's all in the front yard. and close ruins their new home. so much you know they can't even go just in windows. they can't go in front yard. oh [ __ ] it broke the other windows. um speaking of bears i i mean. i want to. get back to this but i watch so much. gay porn so much gay. porn no i watch so many videos of bears. getting provoked by people like remember when i sent you that. video i do remember that. dude i love bro. watching bears show people what's up. you know what i okay. and then then there's the other side. people who respect bears that. are like this is how you do it. you're making them dinner and [ __ ] they're just like i i i understand. okay so i get the the the this. i want we'll talk about this. bear thing and i saw one time. a bear on on it. was on you know instagram or something uh rush this. deer and and just eat it. i wouldn't want to. see that i i know. you wouldn't i know you wouldn't as a matter. of fact i didn't send it. to you or i sent. it to you i said. this is what it is make sure. before you click right right. um and it it was so horrific. okay yeah okay i didn't want. to see it i saw it. i didn't know what it. was somebody just sent it. to me sure uh i wouldn't have chose. to click on it yeah. now i this leads me to. another thing we see a lot. of animals in the wild. just getting eat a lot. of the time now with social media. and everything and even on the you. know geo channel or whatever the [ __ ] right. most of the time they're right. there with the other predators and they're just chilling. it's like they're at the bar. and the crocodile is over. at a reserved table and it's like hey just get out. of that bar yeah uh crane. you know what i mean. hey crane go to. the crane bar you're getting. in trouble because there's crocodiles near. you right get it. yeah if if if i'm downtown los angeles and i'm walking down the street. and i see a group. of five men uhhuh. humans yeah white humans yeah i go. the other way white humans you know. but i'm just saying they could be they could be just it. could beo reeves no i'm i'm saying. as much like me as possible. k reeves uh uh bob saget. when he was younger. um uh the guy who played. the director in entourage um uh uh reese. coro who's that the guy. who oh that's him okay. um uh and two other longhaired. scraggly guys right could be walking by i go. the other way i go. the other way because i don't want to. be just in case part. of the uh food chain. right so now why are are oots near. cheetah it's confusing because at the same time why do sometimes bears. walk by and not do [ __ ] to. a totally defenseless person. well to a person. sometimes the bear just is like i'm gna. maul this [ __ ] right but no reason but to. a person but but that's because they're i think that they're they don't. want to they're kind of scared. of people people but what i'm saying. is why sometimes does it. do it and sometimes not it's so rand. it feels like if it's it feels like if it's threatened i think right but i guess what i'm saying is i understand it's all so random seeming to. me i get that that i don't know why. how to answer your question. but my point no i don't humans take humans out. of it how come [ __ ] a crane will. walk up to. a crocodile and be like is this. seat taken cuz i'm what i'm saying. is i think most of the time. nothing happens oh sometimes randomly it's just like i eat. you a crane is near. a crocodile that crane. is getting chomped godamn it 100%. can't stop thinking about frasier crane. every time you say crane. i wish you picked another animal. oh oh no oh no it's a guy. what's his name pierce. oh david h pierce yeah. god damn the show fras around. anyway we're getting off so off track. i don't know what i don't know. how i don't know. what to tell you it's crazy. okay i watched those videos. though i know yeah so i'm saying get a bear yeah get at least a bigger dog. like that's so [ __ ] up dude if you have cameras you have footage of it so you can just say hey guys look i see what happened. can you not not do this. right that's what i don't get you. have the footage just use the footage. and be like hey we're moving in i mean. maybe wait till you actually. move in maybe there's some association. with previous like if you want to. give the most maximum benefit of the doubt. because you don't want to. get off on bad terms with your neighbors. maybe just wait until you actually. are in the house wait until the very first thing. happens yeah make sure it's on camera. because it obviously will be yeah use everything. you've already gathered and the new thing. and confront them and say look. i saw all this stuff i didn't. even care we weren't in the house. yet but now that we're in the house. this stuff can't happen. anymore i don't care what you do. it just can't happen on my property. that's it dude they will understand. especially if you if you're not like i'm going. to call the police or threatening. them in any way just be like this. needs to stop we're having a baby. i want to. be good with my neighbors. i want my neighbors to. be good with me there's no bad. blood i just need to. stop yeah that's it and they'll stop they will stop unless they're actual villains in. a movie if you're in indian. and you and you see a bar. that's the kkk bar. you wouldn't go in it. can't get over the bar. thing but a crane would. just be like your crane. i want a drink and go in that's and they and you know. what and these [ __ ] cranes want me. to feel bad for them. and i don't they don't want you. to feel anything they don't cuz they don't feel. anything they don't even feel in. danger dude that's what i'm saying. so they don't want you. to feel anything they don't give a [ __ ] where you feel. [ __ ] cranes honestly that's that's that's you what is shitty about it is that they do that and then i feel bad when a crocodile gets a crane but why do you feel bad because i don't want them. to die dude. who cares it's just another crane. oh my god man it's a living organism. i'm an emp but but that's how that's the cycle. of life if that didn't happen. then all other things would get [ __ ] up in the ecosystem. i don't want to. have to see it. i don't want to. know out a side of of mind. you know what well that that i fully agree. with so if you're going to. be like dude especially when there's a camera. around don't be so close. to the crocodile you. might it might end up. on that g that's what it. is when there's cameras around. the crane's got to. stay away from the alligators yeah thatz out of concern. for me and you yeah. because of yes because of me thank you. yeah yeah no problem now we settled. all i was just thinking about it. was a bird on my property. and like really high up. in the tree and i was like what if i just shot that [ __ ] and i would feel like really bad you also weirdly because you're in california. you could maybe go to. jail oh right yeah yeah well's got some crazy laws like that i would just crank. it you know what i mean. i want to. kill animals all the time. dude origin story i want. to kill there's i get this. bee infestations in my yard all the time. well that i mean i want to. just [ __ ] but you're not allowed. to i know because bees there's a whole thing. always where they're like hey if bees if you bees. die we got nine minutes. left if bees die you know. they all of your dicks. and balls fall off your [ __ ] eggs fall. out of your vagina. oh you think bees are annoying. okay that how about that. guy a party oh well if there if if actually if there were no. bees you know how long we'd last 9. minutes by minute three our dicks. and balls would be gone. yeah and the [ __ ] would be sewn up nature that's nature. doing its thing what if uh comma said that. at the debate uh all. right all right next one. cute what if the baby. had question my name is danielle this. sh she's this is so random uh that. she that woman uhhuh was just a guest. on the latest episode of my podcast. really we that baby talk she it. was a bad story uh but yeah isn't that wild. a student of hers beat her. up like a 12yearold crazy. it's crazy dude a 12yearold yeah. dude bigger than her she's 5'7. oh 5'9 12yearold beat the [ __ ] out. of her crazy all right. anyway go ahead mons old i also have a 2yearold son named. luuka i used to. be a teacher but i left. the classroom two years ago. when i had my son. to be a fulltime. mom cute uh to. get to my submission. i was scrolling facebook. the other day and i saw a teacher. family member of mine post their classroom. amazon wish list so being the past. teacher that i am i remember being so thankful. when people would donate thanks. to my classroom so i went on basically bought. her entire wish list sent. it to her and a few days. later i get a phone call. from her she's super thankful. but she ends by. saying you know but make sure you tell your husband thank you because i know that it's actually his money. who bought all of these things i was so shocked i said something. like actually that's my money. i could have spent it. on me or my kids. but i spent it on you and your students. i hope that you have a great. year talk to. you later got off the phone. but this isn't the first time. i've heard comments like this directed at me. i will have been at dinner. with friends and they'll say things. like well let's just buy another. round of drinks uh cuz it's going. on danielle's husband's tab or i'll be. out sh you call your husband. before you make that purchase to. make sure that you're allowed. i don't know what to. say back to. these people what are your advice. said to the first plan. on going back to. work for a while so i need some options. to get out of these situations. i don't feel like i need to. justify for me being a stay. home mom i don't want to. come across defensive would love. to hear your opinion. maybe they just think cuz you're not working. now have a great day. it doesn't matter very cute. it doesn't matter if you think it. no i know you're right. why are you saying that. that's so aggressive and shitty. you're right you're right you're right. you're right [ __ ] you i mean honestly say something like [ __ ] you thanks for the amazon. wishow stuff [ __ ] you no no because because you were going to. say that my husband paid. for it right exactly you got to. wait part no okay well i take it. back no you work hard you have m amazon. moment is the craziest one. though like to to. just be like oh my god thank you. so much i'm so thankful. it really is going. to make such a difference in my. classroom make sure you uh your husband for me. because god god knows as well as everybody. else that you have zero. in your bank account. and that never spend it. on me cuz you're you're just woman. breastfeeding you're just here to. bear children and that's it. and make sure you pass. a message on to. him you mostly hear this. noise cuz that's the baby. sucking on your titty and and you have no. money not the sound it. makes you know it's a sign. makes up the baby's curly. wow dude disgusting i'm not going. to stop thinking about it. all day curly made my migraine. worse no titty sucking as if you're curly. not just curly to. the titty you know hey hey hey how stupid was that. how stupid was that. like this and they go like this. and and you follow it. like you're grown men dude. i still can't decide if i think this. three students are funny. how it's funny come on. bro yeah because they know what they're doing. doing it's not like they're like i just think it's weird. that i still can't tell i've seen. so many things you know. i haven't seen ear i remember the last time. i saw i was like all right. bro this is funny like here's the thing. it's funny for kids. and then it's not funny. for teenagers and then it's funny. again that's right you know what i'm saying. because like it's like it's the mindset. of like dude i'm cool why. would i laugh at somebody [ __ ] following this. around or i'm smart. it's like i need layer. of humor when you're 40. and you just see grown men like this and larry and you know what i mean. for no reason just so stupid it's stupid. it's it's good though it's my it's my favorite. thing the three shooters are my favorite. comedy thing of all time. okay well you changed it. you i mean immediately changed it. people change over over time. not instantly like that no it was like 15. seconds i did it to. you 15 seconds all right. next one well no what should she do. what should she do she should say. i hon she said i don't want. to be defensive. i honestly think and i rarely. think this you're completely it's completely. in line to get defensive. about that that's crazy. yeah i mean defensive is okay. if you need to. be on defense i don't like when people use that as like don't be defensive. it's like i am being defensive. why why you cal down i hate. that [ __ ] you're offending i'm defending yeah. [ __ ] yeah dude yeah [ __ ] that well you go goalie just chilling guy gives a slap shot you go this go don't be defensive dude that's the whole. point yeah you're you're on offense. all right yeah it's true. so uh anyway uh i i think you just say well. yeah no you say exactly. what you said it's my money. what are you talking about. to the first woman my husband. would have been so mad. if i spent this on you my husband. doesn't give a [ __ ] about you you never want. me to spend this money. on you that was from me. dude my husband was trying. you know she said oh man. my husband she he was arguing with. me so bad saying don't give you the money. because he thinks that you're fat. that would be good yep. he said fat people don't. deserve money do that with your mouth. still be on the phone. do that pacman message c5. all right um anthony that's sick. you're laughing cool yeah. yeah yeah still got a migraine. pissing me off all right. next next one a rocker a singer. hey what's up boys. i want to. know the truth on this. beautiful rocker how do you guys actually feel when fans leave a a a video and they're like oh blah. blah bl chris i saw you. at planet go [ __ ] yourself and matt. oh my god you know. like you're just so rude. our fans hey we're all fans. right that's why we're watching but do we need to. hear it every [ __ ] time dude there's like six things. that make me more. mad than that probably um maybe like eight things. that make me more. mad right and i don't understand. why it makes me. mad but i'm very also curious whether you guys hear that and you're like but you have to. be like h yeah i understand. you know it's a good question. all right it it it let me know. it's me it's us so it. doesn't bother me but but i will say this. yeah if you're going to. do that that that's very nice i i really appreciate you. saying that uh and also you can do. it quickly and and it's not really a big. deal but if it was someone else i was listening to. a podcast and fans would call in i guess. it does happen a lot. of podcast though right. and they just say like hey i'm big. fan of saw you and this that. i might be like all right. just get to. the thing dude i don't listen. for this i might i guess. i'm trying to put myself in other people's shoes. it's really hard though. because i'm mega famous. everyone needs to relax oh. the people that do the sub. most chill therapist it's not. most chill couples therapist it. feels better on my head if i just do it like this uh if people go through the trouble. to send in submission. they don't just hate to. break it to. everybody they don't just want advice. they also want to. be on the show right. they also want to. tell us what they think of us. especially if it's positive because they want us. to know dude i have many times reached out. to people especially on instagram. i do this a lot. not me i'll just send somebody a message and be like hey you're the [ __ ] dude. i don't know you i'm never i'm never going. to know you i'm not. trying to know you even i don't. even care if you respond. i want it to. be known by you you that. i think what you're doing. is great oh it's weird. though i think about this. sometimes why do i want. that what does it bring me. i don't know but it does. bring me something i i get some kind of genuinely good feeling from it. yeah i it's just that. me you never did it. to me it's just that. it's just like a version of that. yeah they're saying it kind of into. the void but they know. eventually we're going to. see guess it's annoying for them. that they have to. uh but hey [ __ ] eddie veter over. here get over it it's two seconds. and it makes us feel good. everybody wins except this guy yeah i get it. though i get it but but yeah i don't think it's going. to stop and it is also is nice i don't want. it to encourage our guests. to i don't either i don't either. you should do it turn the sounds. off i know but i have [music]. to turn the sounds off okay. oh got the worst news. ever got the worst news. ever the way he looking at it. back a little bit gosh no. i i'm getting the i'm getting the uh my uh prescription. up wooo get my prescription. nice shirts good i feel good. oh speaking of shirts wait i wanted to. say something before we mo. okay there's an instagram account. that i really like speaking. of people that i'm just [ __ ] say i like online. oh i just follow. him he's good yeah his account. is called glum lot. glu m lot yeah right. that's what it looks like. says right there this is the merch. his new merch. he just sent it. to me because hey i'm not just a fan. of him he's a fan. of me too yeah and uh h. how come here's his other new he does. like ai creepy stuff. how come it's awesome. you guys should all follow him. why is ai art that's especially. video like creepy why is it. so captivating captivating dude. i don't know i i think though. i want to. make a movie with him. because he's like he's there. are people that do it. that suck at it. and that's most people course of course most everything. eight guys on a b court. and then like one of their arms turns. into a hamburger and then one of the players. like eats the hamburger and then his head turns into. a [ __ ] s really dope movie to. be honest that's most of it. but some of them i don't understand. how some of them. have such specific and consistent through. lines like how do you maintain that i don't know man. did they edit it. after i don't know i don't care. to know it's just i'm impressed. by some of this [ __ ] anyway glum lot. is my favorite one. of these accounts check it out. yeah it's good i just started. follow him but whatever anyway it's all good. soad you didn't find it uh how pissed off. is the last guy. that that we were talking about. positively about somebody else what how. pissed off as the last guy. that submitted that we were talking positively about somebody. else as a fan like i just want. to hear the podcast. i don't want to. hear about that [ __ ] he doesn't that's that's what he gets. taste of his [ __ ] least favorite medicine. doesn't make sense no okay. so far speaking of which i'll be in toronto. soon get your ticket. that's not what we're were talking. about but okay uh go uh okay next one. um sings really well i just wanted. to see how you guys. feel about this predicament that. i'm in so i've been dating. this guy for 4. years well we live together. so more than dating. i would say we're not married. but got a chance we live. together four years so and all of a sudden they decide they want to. move back to. their hometown okay you've been to. their hometown before it's dusty crusty. musty disgusting fil if you know you know and you just don't like it. you're not a fan and all of a sudden. they decide they want to. move back and you don't. want to go so how would you guys. feel about that because i'm conflicted. i was obviously sad at. first um i realized you don't i do. know that you don't have possessiveness. over another person i let him go. and live his life but at the same. time i'm very angry. about it cuz i was abandoned if you will. i would and i don't know. how would you guys feel about. it because it kind of conflicted. why do want to. move back he or if i should have followed him understand. but i i knew deep down. i should you did the right. guys feel it it it he made the decision. for you what a bonee head yeah. if i sayon if i say to. my wife hey i want. to i want to. move back to. linat i want to. move back to. montclair new jersey and she's like no. i don't i don't say all. right sayara i i go. like this the air i go like this. um well but here's the thing. i'll be miserable and stay. here with you well. that's what i but i won't be miserable because i'm with you. you want more the air on is that. okay no oh man. already said it said it. this the second time i said it. too he doesn't give a [ __ ] no uh so what i don't get m how could you pre how could you want so badly to. be in a place. that you would rather be in that. place than be with the person. that you are in a i can understand. ian maybe he wanted to. leave her unless he did no no. no he did leave her. no i'm saying maybe he wanted. to and was using this. [ __ ] but i'm saying it does that does that matters. less when you look at the actual stone cold. facts he left you right. so it's over yeah and that's that. right but i'm i'm making a different. slightly different point which is that. my point's great if you well your point. is specifically toward her i'm saying more broadly. why the [ __ ] like in what world. does do you care more. about where you're living i. can think of one than the the relationship. that you're in if unless you just don't like the relationship. i can think of one. i can't think of even one more. than that go ahead you hate. where you live he could love who you're with. i don't get that at all. no but you could well that's the the thing. they could he could just be like well he could have. been like is there another place. we could go to. then he could have but so yeah yeah as far as we know. he didn't do that and as far as we know uh yeah. so i you know i don't know i think that he made it's one. of those he made your decisions. for so [ __ ] drunk i can't believe how drunk. you are uh anyway she's single now. so that's a good happy. ending for me no but yeah that's that's that honestly. that's so [ __ ] weird that he did that to. me four years weird he wanted. to leave her though. that's that's a bit [ __ ] that's bit [ __ ] dude. let me tell you something. when you move back. home it's kind of bit [ __ ] dude well i mean depends no i know if you really want to. i for some reason i had it in my head. i mean this is so made up and i i just realizing i made this up. god brains are weird. huh airplanes i made them up. i made up the fact. that he went home to. like take care of somebody. didn't he taken care of you. made that up i completely made that up. didn't necessarily happen i mean. not at all that's one. thing though you could stay together. if that's what he did. to go take care. of his mom or dad. or whatever right right. but that's not at all what no. he was selfish which is you know. fine it's what he wanted. to do but there you go. so i say go honestly. [ __ ] it out the most bottommost line is [ __ ] that guy no the bottommost line is orgies [ __ ] gang bangs to. get back at him okay. i don't think that's the bottom most bottom then you probably have to. move because you become the town. the town pump and maybe you go back. to the and then you happily ever ra you live. you live with the guy. so you know hey i'm back. how did we get soop. dicks but oh uh i'm back. don't hey everybody what's that. on your face don't ever do. anything to quote get back. at someone yeah i agree dude. i agree such a was that. was for jokes but i agree. getting back at people is yeah. man never feel better at the end. of it dude i get back. to i you know what i get back. i get back at him. in my head i just start. thinking about it and that's it. i don't do any actions. but like if you double cross me yeah. i go like this huh. okay great thing about this. is i can't unlock it. okay that's the that's the wall. it's gone right people say you're dead. to me uhuh the hey i have a oneway button to. splitsville all [ __ ] i made a mistake. doesn't matter you're out of my life. i can't get it back. okay one button all right. and then that's when i start. really thinking about things to. do to you but i don't do. them but in my head off to. the races do you know. what's i'm stabbing okay trampling dragging okay. you know losing money laughing. at you i'm the same. way about if somebody does something that you cross me in one. way that i deem too much. you're gone and then the one way to. it to splitsville yeah. but i think there's something a little wrong. with that it scares people that are in your life. if they know that they get scared. way you know why. it doesn't matter because they don't exist. how does somebody who doesn't exist. say before they do it. they they know you're i'm saying somebody knows you're like that. they get scared that. if they do something that it's slightly misunderstood then you're gone. from their life forever right. a little want to. be fear you don't want. to be feared you got. to be respected. right well yeah i don't want to. be feared it's like. that quote by dubc and people are very afraid of me. and i don't like that about myself. it's you'd rather be uh feared than loved. i didn't say that at allc said. it in the circle very oppos but i'm just saying it's a quote. from dubc i' rather. be fear than love pock. full of dubs you know. what else dubc said. not just sag and w. my flag and never will i e. up so stop okay you know. uh yeah i do know. the the way you said. that okay i used to. think he said nuts. are sagging no. he says the nword well. first he said not just sagging. then he says the n sagging. no he says not just clowning no. he said not just sagging. waving my flag and never will. i ease up zin so stop asking okay. okay okay the song's called. something like clowning or something. oh dub's the man. okay okay all right so so uh uh you do you don't exist. you don't mean a magician. the worst magician you don't. ex jeff gobl as magician you don't you don't exist. you don't exist dude. oh [ __ ] oh somebody double cross me in front of my face. i go like this why. am i alone in this. room where are you where are you what. what somebody just disappeared why. what i take get to. splitsville so crazy. you make yourself blind. all right hey guys i got a situation i could use on i'm going. to a wedding this. weekend and i've just learned. that it's not going to. be catered the food. isn't going to be provided what it's going. to be instead provided by. the guests as a potlock. oh that so everyone is you said. it wrong you said it. wrong and i'm pissed now. my question is what type of gift. is appropriate for this situation. because normally i would give maybe $2 $300. to make sure i cover the cost. of dinner mostly in this. situation all the guests are. feeding themselves i feel like i've done enough but i don't think show up emptyhanded so let me know this is the guy from the maker. he thinks about things wrong. yeah you're not this isn't you just think. about things wrong you you. don't that's not how gifts. work you don't go to. a wedding with a check because it is symbolic. to what i might be. eating can measure it with the amount. of food you ate or something. you go with like a [ __ ] crockpot or because they need a crockpot hey this is was on your list yes that's all you don't have like a a [ __ ] wish list for look at my wish list. the different things you can check up. $300 i need $100 i need $450 i need just show. up dude you're not also you're not paying for the food. also yeah you're just well he get him. a [ __ ] uh curling iron. i mean you know worse. worse especially since he's b. [ __ ] wedding gift. how would he know. um i think that you're just thinking about it. all wrong yeah that's a total. wrong just get him a gift. and then then stop thinking about everything. his question was this this. is how he posited his question. i'm going to a this. god bless this guy. this was a travesty it's crazy. how bra works he goes like this. hey guys so i have to. go to a wedding. this weekend uh it's not going to. be catered they're not catering. it so what what's going. to be happening is the guests. are going to. be bringing their food. that's what they said it's okay. so here hey shorten all that. up going to a potluck. wedding boom boom all right so already. it's a travesty you're falling. down the you're a little snowball and then he says um so my question. is what do i get them. as a gift that snowball is. getting bigger already because that. has nothing to. do with that dude couldn't have less to. do with it normally i'd bring $2. $300 to weding like he's [ __ ] lucky luciano. like cuz it's k. measure with the amount the meal cost. your date also how much you ea. it you made that up. [ __ ] yeah that has never been said before really how expensive. do you think your [ __ ] meal is [ __ ] normally i bring $9,000 to. cover my meal and then he's like uh so what do so what do i do. instead nothing you change nothing. bartering just bartering do exactly. what you always do don't don't tether your gift. to the [ __ ] meal that they feed you. you crazy person they're getting married. on the cheap if they're not. providing food which is fine. people don't have you know a lot. of people don't have money of course. it's fine but i'm saying he feels. a little we about this. because maybe he doesn't have money. whatever but if he's giving people $200. $300 you have a lot. of mone fine he's got plenty. of money to. guy yeah yeah yeah uh but yeah just get him. here's what you want to. do think whatever lets. you think about all this the least. that's the way to. go go to their registry find something that's between. 200 bucks click buy. go to bed but don't be like kristen. and if we do postmates. you get two two meals because you're not sure. you want what you want. and then you just they show. up and you eat one. of them and then the other one. goes bad don't do that. does she do that god. that is so something i would do i don't. do that but oh but i save it. and i'll eat it later. so you don't do that. i'll save it and i'll eat it. later but she will say i'll just save it. and then never eat it. and then me i go. like this well can't bring that. up because that'll be a lightning rod for a. argument next one okay too close. this [ __ ] hi chris and matt uh tony from melbourne. here chris i saw you in melbourne. you're amazing my sister i had the best. night ever and matt. i think you are me. sometimes um and it makes me. feel less alone because you're very relatable um in the way. you are great anyway my question. is um there was a guy. it's a followup there was a guy. a couple of um podcasts. ago and he was talking about how his friend um didn't pick up. his calls and he wasn't um you know. messaging him back and things would have happened in his life and he wasn't the first one to. hear from him yada. y y um i'm just wondering what do. you do as that friend i'm a person. who's a bit more introverted and i don't have the time. and energy to. constantly be texting and calling my friends. um i have a girl in my life. a friend in my life. and um i don't really want to. be friends with her anymore. and she constantly texts me. and says we should catch up. or why haven't you texted me. or why haven't you done. this those sort of friendships i figure if i text and say hey yeah let's catch up. like you know i'll i'll let you know soon. or i i'll figure out a time. you know and i'll i'll message. you and then you don't message them. back or you don't put in effort. i just feel like it. is assumed that that person. doesn't want to. be your friend um do i need to. miss this girl do i need to. say hey i do not want to. be your friend anymore i find this. is a reoccurring thing. and i don't want to. be sadic but like how do i go about it. how do you tell someone. that you don't want to. be their friend or should she just get the message. and i should just keep sort of pushing. it back and saying yeah. no worries will catch up sometime soon. um i genuinely don't know how to. go about those situations. i don't have the time. or energy um to. be going above and beyond. to make them feel closure um am. i the [ __ ] i don't know anyway thanks guys bye. so like i said this. has happened to me. a number of times in a number of different. ways the the answer is yes. they should take the hint but the fact. is they're not so it. doesn't matter what they should or shouldn't do. that's out the [ __ ] window they're not getting. it so what you need to. do is a version of this. in your own words of course. whatever those might be say something like look. i obviously have come to. understand by now that you in some way. or another don't like the way. i either respond or the the amount. i engage back with you. when you try to. engage with me but whatever. that kind of thing however. that is how i am if you don't. like that you clearly don't. you don't like me then you should. you should get used to. that on your own time. it's not up to. me to continually remind you hey this is how i am. this is how i am hope. you like it hope you get used. to it i don't give a [ __ ] you either. get used to. it or you don't. but do that on your own. [ __ ] time this is me this is how much i respond. this is how much i've chosen. to put into. our friendship relationship whatever. it is if you don't like it. [ __ ] off those things but say said it in reverse. i don't i don't think you can't. get mad i mean it's frustrating. as frustrating as it is. getting mad at somebody because they don't get the hint is. a waste of time. because just people's degrees of. that vary and fine. uh there's no way to. not to do this. where the other person's not. going to think you're a dick. though if you say something yeah and that's on them. that is on them but they're making you do. it you have a choice. i i i would say in her. situation i would just for her. i would just not respond. and keep not responding. and and until finally she'll get the idea or but that see what she's kind of asking. though like in my in my mind. maybe i'm wrong maybe i'm making this. up again but like it. seems like she there's some urgency. for this for her because she's well first of all she's asking us. but second of all she like clearly is. bothered by the spectre of more reach reach outs from this. friend and it's like it's almost like a okay seems like a thing. that's constantly in the back. of then just say hey it's not. me something yeah what it's not. me send like you're what does. that mean it's not me. anymore you're you're not texting me. meaning this is someone else. oh okay yeah yeah yeah but say it's not me. yeah you're right okay yeah yeah what stacy. no it's not it's not me. yes but no yeah this. is stacy who wants to. know me no a crazy person. to do the you're on the phone. and [ __ ] um dude it's interesting. man some people are this kind of person. and then some people are the way. that they're like well why. won't you text me more. why won't you text. me more what do you mean. i want to. text you more obviously you asking me. why i want to. text you more is only going. to make me want to. text you less i text you as much. as i want to. do it yeah only drinking. that cuz i touched it. but that's obvious you're only drinking. that cuz i touched it. you would not be taking that right. now and drinking it if it wasn't for me. touching it you doing that. made me realize how thirsty i. was [ __ ] see that's annoying. because i touched it because i wanted. to see if you'd grab it. right because if you grab then you're going. to drink it and i thought if i touched. it let go and you didn't do. anything i would then pick it up. and drink it because you obviously. don't want it consider it. but look at me cheers. so rubbing it in such such a dick. look at this guy crowd. crowd going crazy he's a good producer. he's getting you one thanks. oh yeah so disrespectful. not having shoes on though. crazy to not have shoes. on while heing so slob jimmy. buffett of podcast producers no the. jo what was the j joe. jack johnson jack johnson verse name. cool name though oh oh oh [ __ ] what was that. song yeah it seems to. me that may it doesn't matter. all songs he sang were basically. feel it and scramble. this is the only time i've ever. not worn in here. that's that's why i'm bringing it. up now be weird if i brought up. a different time you might just let go so [ __ ] tongue. deaf yeah you have one. note that you do yeah yeah yeah you have. one note yeah okay um i think that i don't get provoked. anymore it all wases over me. jesus it doesn't nothing upsets me. it all wases over me. the soci your path. i don't get provoked about. to go on a murder spree. of of of of 12 women and have in cars. detailed map of where they are and how to. get there and how long it. takes me to. get to each place. right and going to. do it in a uh in a corolla going. to drive on one. tank of gas go as far. as you can and then but it's not just women. sorry sorry to. break it to. you but it's not just women. half it's half and half. half and half what ciller. really does half and half. they they usually just do the opposite. sex you know i'm an interesting. serial killer well one thing. about him is he sure. is interesting but i mean you say they usually do the opposite. sex it's almost always men. who kill women is really what it. is it's not women who kill. men okay quickly yeah but slowly. women will work on a man. and kill them from the inside. out [laughter] snaper oh [ __ ] cancer exists because women complain you know that right a the worst doctor is that complaining why did you not do this what well i never signed up for that in your head it lives there then it starts and then the more complaining the more complaining it adds to. it and all before you got get rid of your jaw. because you got jaw cancer. worst doctor worst doctor in history you know. that's how roger ebert died. oh man he's [ __ ] he's [ __ ] dude the worst doctor in history the patient's just like this in the office i just came in to. get a checkup it's [ __ ] andrew tate md. god [ __ ] we're always funniest at the 45 minute. mark what the hell is. that i don't know we'. talk we've wondered this before. i don't know it's really weird. man it is weird. you know what's really weird. comedy sets are like 45 minutes. when you go headline maybe i need to. do longer just a little bit. longer just a little bit longer. yeah i've done longer. okay making it about you want to. know the most i've done. on [music] stage. an hour and 25. minutes that's the most yeah that's it. i think not definitely not. more an hour and a half. wow never i could do that. and so many people do that. some comics do that. and i don't get it. in what way what do. you mean you don't get it. they'll go on stage they'll do two hours. what don't you get about. not [ __ ] it's not good fun or good so it's not because the audiences are like [ __ ] this this is boring now it's because you don't like it no it's hey just be i am a firm believer i there's very few things i've said more truthful than what i'm about to. say just because a whole room. is laughing that doesn't mean. they still want to. be there oh i'm sure yeah you can kill. for five hours it doesn't mean. that they want to. be there they're just forgetting. to leave yeah yeah god. i hate going to. comedy shows you know canot. [ __ ] understand it why i just don't want to. be there you always were like that. i know dude i don't know i don't get it. i don't like it i don't like being there. dude wow doesn't off me. doesn't off me anytime i try to. explain it to. someone i never works no. i'm just it's anomalous i like don't stand. up comedy is such a beloved. thing yeah i guess it is thank you. i mean obviously and i do it. people [ __ ] love it yeah it is weird how much people i mean you know everyone loves to. laugh people's lives are miserable but dude. they just yeah people people i don't i don't i don't like i you. know used to love. to watch as a kid. but now i'm just like i don't you know. i never watch it. d i never ever watch. it dude and i guess it i've always thought it's because i i'm lucky. to know so many people in my life. who just make me laugh. every day all day that i'm like i'm not i'm not like seeking. out certainly never would ever like want. to pay money. to go drive somewhere to. sit down to watch. some [ __ ] ass clown kind of make me. laugh so [ __ ] some [ __ ] ass clown probably nam try. to make me laugh. and not really probably succeed. when you get it. for free all day long you're text. away from getting it free. but actually though that's right's. coming that's true that's right. yeah why would i why would i do. that i'll make you [ __ ] fall out of your chair. with a why do people [ __ ] stand up. comedy no that's not true. dude you know going so overboard. [ __ ] [ __ ] all standup comedians [ __ ] them all dude [ __ ] it all [ __ ] them all tupac hell yeah dude and i [ __ ] your [ __ ] stand up yeah i [ __ ] your microphone uncle richard up m and chris big fan of you guys but i'm gonna jump into. it christian um thoughts on jim. etiquette and i was going. to say that but i was drinking. i to that but recently. i was at the gym. was trying you know just to. get some last reps in on a higher. weight on a cable machine. this is going to. be good the last two sets the weights. kind of slammed a little bit. guy next to me got pissed. off h me incredibly aggressively and told me to. control it um really took me back. and couldn't stop thinking about the rest of the day. i just kind of put my hands up. and i was like whatever dude. um but just want to. hear yall's two sents i'm not the guy. that's slamming barbells down and grunting and yelling. but you know i'm still getting. after it in the gym. i like that all to. say what's a good spin move. or was i in the wrong. i would love to. hear what we both thank i'm. sorry what so he just dropped the weights. basically for for for lack of a better. way to put it. he just dropped the weights. they clanked a little loud. one time oh i'm sorry. it's about his ears his little earsy hey you know. what hey it's ear. day dude you're i'm working your ears. out and it was one rep. so shut the [ __ ] up it's so that's so like [ __ ] man fussy yeah i mean look get over if i don't even give a sh i don't i i i you're not at the library dude well it it's the gym i don't care if it's are we wrong is it about the volume. what the [ __ ] is he upset. i don't even get it. it's a gym it's loud. a gym etiquette. thing is like you don't throw the weights. around you don't clang them. over and over again so so it's feasible. that if it happened once some [ __ ] one might be like yo don't do that. which is so silly that's crazy. dude whoa but i don't care. if someone does that i actually like it. i don't care if you're going. to clang the weights. if you go if you're you know. but do it i don't care. you're at the gym you're not at. [ __ ] church but this is my church. dude but this is my church. because i'm on the iron. altar right now and i'm getting my [ __ ] swoll on thank jesus christ. i'm with you wait what um yeah. it's just i mean you're not in the wrong. dude it makes me mad. that he's even having to. wonder you don't have hey dude. that guy oh dude. one way tickets to. splitsville i don't have a button to. make it go back. down so you better. be happy that guy has so many problems. at home yeah yeah something else was obviously. going on yeah [ __ ] [ __ ] that guy it's just so so so bad they almost didn't let uh my uh sam who is my videographer. guy he he they wouldn't let him. on the plane because he had uh one of those. pelican cases you know. those hard ones that with the put cameras in it. and [ __ ] oh yeah okay um but it was small enough to. where it was a carryon. right and they were like oh hey you're gonna have to. check check that and last time. he checked it they opened it up and stole a camera. out of it right. yeah this was a year. ago but jesus christ so he's like well. i'm not going to. do that cuz last time. that c this was like all. right well then you're going to. have to you can't get on. the plane oh and he was like it. fits in the in in the actual thing. here at you know how they have that. bag and he says no it doesn't and sam. walks over to it puts it. in and it fit and he says well you still can't. bring it on the plane. i say so and the guy's like and then and then sam's like. are you okay did you have a bad. day and the guy says i'll put you on the no. fly list so i got to. get a new cameraman no. but how how how wild is that. that just and then he uh he was able. to talk to. someone else and then bring it. on the plane and then of course said to. the stewardess and the pilot was there. and they were like oh yeah they were giving me. a hard time on my thing. and they said was it stew. and he said yeah and they're like oh stew. like dude that's what the guy. does oh st dude. guy's just getting divorced. every day by a different woman. st oh well i'll go. to work i guess [ __ ] wow of course his name is stu. you know of course he's i know. dude there's how about there's really named there's really people. named stu you know stew. st what am i going. to name another kid. if i have another kid. still steuart is it goingon to. be a boy or a girl. i don't know so which one's it. gonna be a boy or a girl. uh it'll be probably a boy. if i do it okay. so now but it could always be a girl. what if you named it. george no what if you named. it filipe no that would be weird. felipe deia what if you named. it by the way this. what we're doing right. now is the worst podcasting. of all time i think it's great. what if you named it. norman that's okay now we're on now. we're cooking i'm not going to. norman no i'm not i don't think i'm going. to name it him. norman though what if you named. him [ __ ] face okay now now this is the worst podcast. uh [ __ ] face calvin billy and citf face okay god he'd be have such a hard time growing. up yeah yeah yeah he would with his brothers. with normal names yep. h mostly just cuz his name would be clip. face but yeah it would make it even worse. if you had brothers with normal. names ah it just would always be. bad there's no worse. if your name is clip. face it would there's no worse. it would always be bad you're right. it doesn't matter if your brother's name. name is steve no i think if your brother's names. were like you know as munch and still work. no just as bad tortillini anus. it would be way. more tolerable than if it was calvin. and billy you know no it wouldn't you know. why why uh hey i'm gonna go. meet somebody oh hey oh hey nice to. meet you oh hey what's your name. oh yeah hey i'm clip. face you go like this. go like this you' have to. say what so many times god. they don't say but what are your brother's names. your brother's name is. steve right not torinus talini anus. dude least the least rolls off your tongue. name of t you call. me tor for short. call me anus for short. what yeah what's your full. name talini anus so gross. to think about those things. together call me face what like the guy from uh a team. no no no my full name is [ __ ] face what and then walk away. go dude i've had the a te. song stuck in my head. for 4 weeks what it. won't go away yes dude. it won't go away. that's that's like a certain kind of hell. it is dude one time. i was sick oh my gosh. dude it was in i think it. was in high school. and i had this song stuck. in my head by l. cool j mhm phenomenon something like. a phenomenon yeah something like a phenomenon dude. and it wouldn't get out. of my head i had a fever. and i kept going something. like a phenomenon in my head. dude it was driving me. crazy dude because i was sick i kept thinking of the no. no would you listen to. it or was just in your head. i mean probably before i was sick. no i know but like no no. no something like a phenom. phenomenon like a phenomenon oh you still know. it so well it's really been stuck. in your head yeah and now it's a team. okay how big big of a dick. was that guy with the gray. hair oh george papar yeah the biggest dick. in the world paard dude. wait was that face papar yeah that's it. was yeah jesus christ. to name pap he would. he would do the most dick. [ __ ] to like ads. and pas and stuff. you know yeah that's back. when you couldn't get canceled. you know it's it's so weird. because you know dude. i this was brought to. my attention jack nicholson. he's like beat up multiple women. yeah he almost killed a hooker. outside of his house not just one just beat up. women and people are just like there's jack at the laker. game and i'm like okay. people make mistakes whatever. the [ __ ] you want to. say that's a bit extreme. well that is that is extreme right. no no no i know beating up. beating somebody is [ __ ] crazy but like it's just wild it's crazy. it's really it's really the more it's one. of those things the more you think about it. the more unbelievable and unthinkable. it becomes it just like cancel culture. no specifically what you're describing. the fact that some people have done the most terrific. [ __ ] and no one cares at all well look at jonathan. major they're like oh no no. he's done the guy like maybe like talked sternly. to a woman yeah i forget. i mean i remember what happened. but i forget the details. of that whatever it is. i don't know what it is. but it was certainly wasn't beat. the [ __ ] out of multiple women. like jack nicholson no no. no no yeah yeah imagine jack nicholson. beating the [ __ ] out of you he almost killed the one woman. but just like you'd be like wow. this is so weird. oh man oh he's got those eyebrows. [laughter] reeves [ __ ] oh man. i can't believe jack is. beating the [ __ ] out of me. so stupid yeah weird. um anyway all right well i'll be in toronto. i'll be in a bunch of different. places uh duth uh thunderbay. ontario go to chris dot com. to get those tickets. thank you very much be. having a migraine okay i'll see you. guys next week thanks. everybody bye hello hello. hello helloo hello hello hello 