 [music] runk hey guys what's up. and welcome to. [music] congratulations [music] congratulations d how much you guys going. tits uh lately i'm going. so i'm going potty. bathroom number one so much. i'm 43 and i guess that's just how it happens. i guess that's just how it happens. i got to go. right now before i got into. the uh studio into. the congratulations studio before i got here. i was like do i have to. go and i was like nah dude. i gotta go it's been a i've been sitting here for for 10. minutes gotta go so it's so i don't know man. i i guess i should just go. i hold it i hold. off on it for a long. time though i i do i don't like getting. up and going i don't like that. my body's in control. of me um but yeah and uh i i i do i try. to drink more water. nowadays because my muscles need it dude. hit the deadlifts today and i don't even do deadlifts. but yeah i um i i i just uh i gota i keep going. potty dude and i'm saying potty because i don't know what flags. youtube what youtube flags but i've been going. potty a lot lately. and look i go number two. five times a day. and that's fine it's always been. that way way but man. the tit has been coming. strong for real i don't. know maybe it's cuz i'm potty. training my son i don't really know what it. is but uh i walked by um this. i walked by my gym. i was going to. my gym and i walked by this. dude that was had a a his baby. girl i think in a stroller. and he was just like with her. like pushing her back and forth. sitting down looking at her. and he and and and and he looked at me. like he wanted to. active like actively make eye. contact with me like you know. when someone makes eye contact. with you and just you're like oh that. person i guess is making eye. with contact with me or you look. and you're like oh is that. okay we made eye. contact oh that's all good doesn't mean. anything we just made eye. contact this guy was actively looking at me. trying to bore a hole. into my head which is fine. he was because i looked i had to. give up i gave up and i looked at him. you know because like being look two things. you don't want to. do or what something. you don't want to. do as either a a guy. who people recognize or a hot. chick you don't want to. have a conversation all day. long with somebody right so i'm like maybe i won't but then he he he was really really going. for it so i like all right. i'll give him i'll give him a look. i give him a look. he's smiling dude i mean. the smile was crazy. big and i was like all right. well this guy's happy okay. so then you know i warmed. up cuz i was like oh he's going. to be real nice it's not. going to be annoying. i see him with this. i mean she's got to. be i mean 6 months. and he says hey this could be you and i was like oh yeah. and i i guess what did. i i don't i guess i don't know. what he meant because like i first of all. i have kids but second of all. maybe he doesn't know i have. kids so that's fine. but then that's also just a weird. thing to say to. somebody espe when you're actively trying. to get them to. look at you so you could say it. so my whole thing was he must have known. who i was because he was actively maybe you know. what i just realize maybe i met. this guy before maybe he has no idea what. i do maybe i just have met. him before like in passing. that could be it we i think we may. crack the case but the thing. was he says this could be you and as i walk. by i take a few steps. further i'm like should what do. i say you know i have this. sometimes i like i think really quick. on my feet obviously i'm a comedian. i have to because i like hecklers. and stuff and like just like you know. i've done stupid game shows. but like um i was like sometimes. when somebody like says something you're like what's the right. thing to say and you end. up saying some something really just dumb. and i know you you get it. i know you do that. too sometimes but as a professional. comedian it's more embarrassing and if i wasn't a sociopath. paath i'd be embarrassed but uh i turn around and i look at him. and i say buddy. i got too and and i and i smile to. let him know it's not aggressive. dude there's so much stuff. goes on in your head. when you're talking you know. it's so crazy like in my head. i'm like thinking oh i i want him. to understand it's okay he said what he said but i don't get it. so so what do i do. so i say something that i think is nice. but i got to. do it on the fly but then it sounds. like buddy i i got two could be totally aggressive if you just read. it buddy i got two you don't know. what you're talking about and i don't want. him to think of you. should know i got two because i'm a personality. right you should see me. in the on on instagram but i say to. him buddy i got two and i smile even harder. so now we're like the two now we're like it's like we're in black. hole son the music video just looking each other just with those big ass. smiles and then and then i'm well past. him and he says you do and i'm like we're way. too far to. be contin he asked me. another question and i'm so far. so now i'm so far and i say yep. and it's just like i'm actually not even. 100% sure that he was talking about. out hey you could this could be you having a kid cuz he also had a dog. i i don't know i don't know i don't know i don't know maybe something. maybe he thought maybe he thought i saw something. that happened right before maybe. his wife got mad at him. and walked into the you know. supermarket or something and i he thought. i saw that he said this. could be you i who knows had that. whole conversation have no idea. what it was about but anyway that. guy seemed really nice so good. so good so good so good here. you're so um frivolous with your products. man you slapping the table. they're flying everywhere you're tossing the glasses. j they're unbreakable unbre talking about. his unbreakable break them. step on it right. now no you step on. them it's your product you step. on them so confident hey you can break glasses. you know speedy step on them. i can't do that so he puts. the glasses speedy puts. the glasses on on the floor. step on him he says no. you step on him. still relaxed so hardcore. rayj is so relaxed. it's like it's like he just got done. making his sex tape okay. so k i bet you i can break. these they're unbreakable they're not unbreakable. speedy don't tell me it's unbreakable. don't challenge me don't challenge me. ra i will break listen. speedy they're unbreakable they cannot. break it's impossible now he just snaps. the glasses in half. i don't care not. the default they're [laughter]. unbreakable and then a few beats i don't care. dude that's amazing wow. that's amazing i i uh i think that honestly. um oh it's good how my headphones. keep coming out how how they keep dislodging. oh good dude i can't hear myself. oh good dude oh good oh good oh good good. feel like you're so um dude. i can't i i just so good that. ray j has this kind of confidence. this is the kind of confidence. also let me ask you a question. ray j what is it. about black people they've been around. forever and they're still 25 it's so crazy. like dude and and and the thing is they're so young. so long and then all of a sudden they become morgan. freeman and are 90 for 70. years dude black people got it. like that man they say black don't crack. they don't crack until it. crack and then it keeps it. that way for 70 years. but anyway tried to. do that bit on stage. once and it was just kind of a racist. um i could i can get away. with my my podcast because there's no audience. and you don't expect them. to laugh or not but on stage. they have to. laugh if they don't laugh. i'm just bombing let me. tell you something dude. uh i love it i i i actually i saw that. i i keep meaning to. bring this up because it's so funny. to me but i saw a comment and i keep forgetting. i saw a comment um and and somebody i i don't look at comments. a lot i do sometimes. but i used to. be online live online. and just see everything. i see almost nothing now and dude. i saw a comment the other day. because i was on my youtube. studio and i saw it. on the youtube studio and it said man. this bit i don't remember what bit. it was because it was like a month. ago this bit bombed on the podcast. let me just let me just set let me. just set the expectation and the record straight here okay this podcast should be called bombing. it this is always me bombing. nobody's in here except for one. producer by the way tired of my [ __ ] i've known. him for 25 years. you know like never laughs unless like a mistake. happens remember when i hit my head on the on the [ __ ] thing back here. that he laughed at that. dude the whole thing is bombing. this i am shocked people listen. to this still and they really do a lot. of people do and it is always bombing. so if you say well that bit bombed on a what. bit isn't bombing i i i i this. is always bombing and that's it. so let me set the expectation. and let me set the uh the the record. straight here it's bombing. and it's all good i'm bombing. and i'm all good and i don't care. you know i lost my mind. a long time ago. i don't care but i do. i do care i don't want to. obviously bomb but like how do you bomb. in a podcast i don't know. what i do know. is i met somebody recently. a girl with a a a voice i was talking about this. with my friend cuz it was my friend's friend. and let me dude. it is what how how come i've never heard. anybody talk about this because i'm about to. say something that should be said a lot. of times and it should be hacky by this. point but i've never heard anybody say this. people with bad voices. just straight up need to. change their voice you get no. respect if you have a bad voice. you just get no respect if you're a guy. that sounds like this and that's how you sound change your voice. and i know it's not that. easy too bad gymnast can flip on a 4in. beam that's hard to. that's harder change some girls. talk like this yo you're in control. of that change your voice. and if if it's too hard. then just do an impression. of someone else for the rest of your life. dude that is so crazy. i met someone that was talking. like this and i just go in my head. i i i think oh it's too bad. hey life al loneliness. i go in my head. i go a life al loneliness. you can't have a bad voice. you cannot have a bad voice. at best your voice at worst. your voice can be only okay dude. you get you gotta you got to. be only online and not doing videos. if you have a bad voice. and it blows my mind. that some people with bad. voices just just chill with their bad voice. and they'll be like going to. go out going to. go out to. the supermarket and going to. ask an employee excuse me. guy and that's your voice. do you know where the bushels of you. know change it dude. also here's the good part. if you have a [ __ ] up voice you can change it to. anything it's like moving to. a city and starting over you you just change your voice. and that you pick be. irish like you know. be be be be a grizzled. man be a guy who does voice. over for ford you know. what i'm saying what as long. as you do it the whole time. it doesn't matter it hurts. it doesn't matter you're getting. no respect you get a lot. of respect you're talking like this. boy i tell you excuse. me do you know where your long. stems are i've been looking just i need. something for valentine's day. for who i got 90. women i need 90 long. stems um but yeah but i mean. and it's like that bit bombed but like nobody's in here. um i just think that if you have a bad. voice you need to. you need to. you need to. absolutely change it forever did. i talk about how i did. the monkey bars on the on. the podcast how i was trying. to hang with one. arm yes dude made [ __ ] zero progress. bro i did pullups. and i did negatives. i went down five bro. zero progress [music] dude. it's too hard but i'm still going. to keep doing it. um and that's not neither that's really. neither here nor there. but um i've been watching uh dude. you know what i did. i've been watching well no let me. just actually talk about cuz 's birthday. he's four happy birthday. he's four right and in the past. week or two he's like changed. into a straight up boy. you know like he was a uh a i don't know what's before. a boy because he wasn't a toddler but now he's like a kid. i guess whatever it is it's like and he's just like saying stuff. that's so cool so so so so many like sentences. that i'm like what the kid. is so advanced with his speech. it's unbelievable and um but anyway that's neither here. nor there but uh he's been like what you know. chris is like what kind of party. you want for your birthday. and he says transformers so christ. went all out she did. everything she made the whole we we we we went to. a place she decorated. it it was like a jungle. gym kind of place. um and because this is what an idiot. i am dude because the party. was so uh you know transformers. themed dude how stupid am. i dude so calvin is like i said we wa. for your birthday he says transformers. and hot wheels so everyone. you know i get him some transformers. other people get them. transformers they know he likes transformers. so now he's got a bunch of transformers. so now i'm sitting around. the house looking at transformer. toys and i'm like dude what an what a [ __ ] [ __ ] dude and i think you know what i'm gna watch tonight transformers dude i'm 43. i'm 40 [ __ ] three and now i'm gna watch transformers. okay because my son had a transformers birthday. party so i turn on hey you know. which one i turn on hey you know. which one i turn on people. are like people probably like oh which one did you see. you know which one i turn on what. transformers i turn on you know. which one i turn on one. of them any hh i'll tell you the only thing. i know is it wasn't the first one. hey dude hey chris which transformer. did you turn on doesn't matter. did it have dinosaur transformers. in it i don't remember maybe. i think there were baby. dinos in it but i don't know. so i turn it on mark. wallberg was in it. it was one of those and i'm watching it. and and how how how do i doesn't matter you. could they could make anything look the movies. are bad they're obviously bad. they're supposed to. be bad okay you can't look at me. you cannot look at me and tell me that. a that transformers of the movie. is supposed to. be good you you can't. period and i don't mean the sh. buff i don't know maybe that one was good i haven't seen it. in a long time. but you just cannot look at me. and tell me hey dude. fast and the furious. transformers that movie gi. joe that's a good movie because it's not supposed. to dude okay you can't. yeah it's a good movie. and it was supposed. to be good no. hey dud no so i turned on. something yo actually i just remember one. of the titles of the transformers movies. did for one of the one. i saw was the last night. okay so here's the thing. you know me do you do. you know me if you know. me if you're a fan. of the show and you know. chrystal leah you know one thing's for sure dude he didn't stop at watching one so what' he do after he turned on the last night he looked at the other ones to. turn on one of the other ones. bro one of the other ones. is called this is maybe the worst. title in history dark of the moon. hey hey try harder hey it's not. poetry dark not dark side. is is that like a pink floyd album. or something that's why. they couldn't do it they're like uh just take outside. and we can use it. for our dorky movie. dark of the moon okay. okay so guess what your boy. watch that ones too and then guess what he watched. the other one with the beasts. in it and then guess what i'm going. to watch a shy buff. one later i'm such a [ __ ] crazy guy and in the meantime. and now i'm like hey calin you want transformers he's like no. i don't want watch those. cartoon ones so now the cartoon ones. are are cool i guess but i don't like dude. in trans there's so much. wrong look i love. loved transformers which means i love transformers. because if i loved them. i love them okay. when i was a kid. you can't grow up. i don't like when people are like yeah. that's stupid it's like dude. you were you were eight. when you liked it you still you you you can reserve. a spot in your heart. for it in the past. you love it so i'm watching uh transformers. there is so much wrong. with this [ __ ] story period. not even the movie just the fact. that the transformers the story is the way. it okay so they're from an alien planet. it you know what it. is i realize it's so [ __ ] japanese it's got to. be from japan it dude. it's so so they're from a planet. called cybertron which is cool. that the planet's called cybertron. and they're robots in disguise. okay now what do they disguise. themselves as cars okay but they're cars on cybertron too so my two questions are number one who are you disguising yourself. for on cybertron and number two how the [ __ ] do you know about cars. dude that is bonkers. they just get to. earth and they're like oh good. good oh wow this is crazy. just so happens we look like hey look at that. we look just like automobiles roll. out i do that i go. roll out i go autobots roll. out and cavin says you do that good dad and it makes me feel so good dude so i do that but anyway we had a blast at calvin's party um check out special messages new album cheat death out now go to. my page if you want to. purchase a 10word ad or shout out holler. christalia. i was uh watching we got the technical. difficulty sorted out by the way. we made a little cut there. sorry guys but we had to. dude i couldn't hear myself. and we had the wrong piece in the wrong. thing with the microphone. and we got it figure it out. but dude i was um watching here's the the let me so the ai. stuff this sora sora what's it. called sora ai ai sora. sora all good dude. we're done you know here's here's my buddy. keeps saying it doesn't matter. what ai does because people will still want. to see real humans i so push back. and disagree with that because ai. is going to be so bonkers. good nobody's going to. care they're just going to. make a movie star. if that's fake you know jim. clockwork there that's a guy. and now he's the hero. in a bunch of movies. and guess what he also does crazy. good acting in dramas and he also does. he could play a scary. guy it's ai sora just it's over. and and and and people sent me. you know a bunch of links. to it when once when it dropped and they were like look dude. oh great the you know. i can't believe this. how can you not believe it. we are so beyond. [ __ ] we are so beyond [ __ ] hollywood is beyond. [ __ ] because they're like well uh then it'll just have to. make better stories yeah but you know. who could make a [ __ ] great. story some guy some guy who just owns sora. can just make a [ __ ] story and make that happen fast. to furious 11 dude hey. i'm going to make it. fast and and furious. 20 we'll say that by then i i'm going to. make fast and furious. 20 and it's going to. be so dope bro. paul walker's coming back. [ __ ] not just paul walker. there's gonna be like i'm gonna put gregory pek in it. like and they're all in it. they're all in it. [ __ ] uh uh sammy david davis jr with two good. eyes is going to. be in it you know. my my third brother i don't have. one but i'm going. to create him in ai. he's going to be racing. sammy davis jr with two. good eyes and and and and check this. out the movie is gonna make so much sense. and it's going to. be so dope and vin diesel's not in it. i'm not going to. put him in it. dude oh well you're not in fast. and furious 20 and you might even be dead. by then but it doesn't matter because sammy davis jr. is dead also and his eye. died a long time before. that but i got him. back in it now alive. with to good eyes. to alive eyes fast. and the furious 20. written and directed by chris lea and i know i know that there's probably gonna still be a fast. and furious 20 that's not the one. the one i make is g. to be is gna be the one dude. because you want to. watch it with vin diesel. in it and and and ludicrous and tyrese. and michelle rodriguez or whatever. the [ __ ] or do you want to. watch it with paul walker. my third brother that doesn't even exist. and sammy davis jr. with two eyes no brainer and we're going. to call it fast. and absolutely furious the tw. part 20 and and and and here's the other thing. free i'm g put it on youtube. first scene is everyone stabbing. and killing vin diesel and that's that. and for no reason but but after that it makes sense. and it's a good story anyway. cuz i go into. the sora i say but but hey make it really good. though but don't make it you know actually you know what you can. do with sora fix fast. and the furious 3 and make it better. make it make more sense. b yo hollywood is done. sora wood i swear to. god i'm gonna you could ju some guy can just make a a [ __ ] you know you. don't need anything what shows. gone guy fier gone make a new one. man fier gone right emerald. gone turquoise bam that's him um yeah dude you don't it's it's so bonkers and it's so bonkers and going to. be so bonkers and it's well. beyond [ __ ] they're like dude i like how sor was like well we only gave it to. a few people that doesn't matter. that doesn't matter a few people are evil. okay um here stunning videos from open. ai open ai that's what it. is sora six stunning videos. from open ai's new sora. tool that looked scary. good and and guess what dude. they got the fingers right. they got the fingers right. oh [ __ ] this is making me sign into. ads i can't watch this because it's making me sign in did this article or something stupid ass no hold on uh these these what look to. be like asians are just walking. through the snow it's snowing. and it's it's nice dude. that's it i that's so awesome. okay look so it says uh ai. videos just got a whole lot. more realistic open ai creators dude. this is n thursday their new sora. tool which generates short ai. videos based on user prompts. the tool is not yet. available to the public. do they should add when it is. available to the public. uh we will have one. one week roughly left. to live i mean dude. it's you know how [ __ ] up it's going to. be it's already [ __ ] up because trump will do something we have video of him. doing it and then he'll be like i didn't do. it and then people are like good he didn't do. it so that's already happening. so now you can have videos of everything. it's all [ __ ] uh the tool is not yet. available to the public. open a ceo sam opman was taking requests from users on. x oh man from a grandmother. cooking homemade nyi what what. a what a stupid suggestion. you know you just film your grandmother. doing it because you know. somebody who said that. misses their grandmother making it and a. monkey playing chess in a park. look at this a grandmother cooking. homemade nooki what a what a boring. thing to do everyone. in the cast of fast. and furious 10 stabbing vin diesel. whoa this is absolutely crazy. she's really making it noi holy. crap the fingers aren't on i love. the people that get that that they harp. on the fingers because it's like dude. that is going to. take a day to. fix one day it's not yet. but like once ai figures out. by the way they already figured it out. theyig they already figured it. out they have they have the the 90th version already even though. this is the first version they have the 90th version. cuz this [ __ ] duplicated it kept on doubling it kept doubling until it kill. us this is crazy an in an in an instructional. cooking session for homemade nooki. hosted by a grandmother's social media. influencer set in rustic tuskin country kitchen. with cinematic lighting you know a monkey playing chess in a park. requested by mr this was requested. by mr beast dude. if you're mr beast. you got power you could. ask for anything this is what you ask monkey playing chess in a park. why does it have. a red hat on i voted for trump. too pretty wild okay. the company provid a photo. realistic so wow prompt a stylish. woman walks down to. tokyo street filled with warm. glowing neon and an animated. city signage wow this is absolutely crazy. you can create origami. underwater see you can do any sorts. of things dude where's the porn for real. will me woolly mammoths looks like they survived. the ice age there's another one. several giant woly mammoths approach treading. through a snowy meadow. their long woolly fur lightly blows in the wind as they i mean. the people they with the prompts. they think they're novelists you know. look at the look at the prompt that. this person wrote several giant willly see. this is why my ai. is going to suck. i'm just going to. be like guys [ __ ] farting they're so sloppy and they're and they and [ __ ] comes out of their butt. oh do that one hey mr. beast a monkey playing chess guys. lounging around and then they decide to. [ __ ] to fart so hard. they [ __ ] everywhere and then they catch fire. and then then uh ninjas. come in and and decapitate them. do that one i want to. see those look at this. several giant woly m look. the way the person wrote it. woly m approach treading through. a snowy meadow their long. woolly fur lightly blows in the wind as they walk. snow covered trees. and dramatic snowcapped mountains in the distance. midafternoon life dude you have to. be a [ __ ] novelist yeah wow this is absolutely [ __ ] crazy stylized animations too wow. wow dude oh my god and i get to. be alive during this. time i quit i quit life dude. i'm moving i'm doing the yellowstone [ __ ] i'm moving to. montana i'm staying there i get the weirdest. feeling from that [ __ ] ai art is is so dope. too cuz we created. it how about the rachel. dozol thing she lost a job. off of an only fans account. i didn't know she had an only fans. account dude was this. knowledge did people know this. this is crazy dude. rachel dozol has a an only fans account. isn't she [ __ ] 50 how old is she i don't know how old she is but that's so crazy that's so crazy i i keep on asking my wife can i get an only fans account. and she says no dude. i was like dude do you know how much we could possibly. make i'll just stand. in the kitchen and i'll just show. my penis on video. and you know i'll tighten my knees. up and just do you know. a little bit of jerking. or whatever the [ __ ] it's like i you know i don't want to. but dude millies a year. you know i'll do it. she won't let me man. um i wonder how much honestly. like if you got straight up uh uh like an act like an act i can't. think of a comedian i but like an actor like uh like that's as famous. as me i don't know. what kind of who what actor that. is and his wife and just started just the guy. just started plugging his like the second lead. on a csi show just started. an only fans and just plugs his wife on it. you know and it's it's $12.99 a month. like how much he would make if it was like the second most. popular csi and the second lead. of csi of that mo. second most so it's like that. guy you know and it's just like and and they do like csi. type stuff you know. it's it's porn i i guess. but it's just like the the the the the only fans. video will start like i'm she'll be like oh do you have do. you hack in the account. he's like i'm way ahead. of you and then all of a sudden it's just like you know. stroking and stuff just tightening his knees. up in the kitchen. and busting so now. she lost a job. she just keep the hits. keep coming for her because she was uh said she was black. or something for a while. and nobody believed it she looks like she could. be black um what is niki. dio formerly known as rachel. do she changed her name. like she's [ __ ] prince is speaking. out after losing her teaching job in arizona so here's the deal dude. we're not this is like the kind of thing. where it's like if you can do blackface. and not actually be racist. it it's possible to. actually do it but you got to. know if you do it everyone's going. to think you're racist. okay so same thing goes for you're a teacher. it's maybe they shouldn't judge you if you. have an only fans. but you can't do that you're gonna get fired. okay her posts are contrary to. our district's use of social media. by district employees it a [ __ ] policy of our staff. and ethic poli it. [ __ ] um look doo spark vers in 2015 for identifying. as black despite having two white. parents yo this lady's dude. she's 46 how about this. if you're 46 not i'm an only fans. unless you're absolutely smoking dude. for real that's okay. if you're smoking have one if you're 46. um this is crazy dude. oh my god people ask. me how they can support she wrote. show me some love with show. me love show me some love. with an order from my art. art website oh man. and her artwork has been know. the subject of controversy jesus. christ this woman's living in controversy. who who she me um oh plagiarism for. a side by side. artwork oh wow that's the same. she just basically copied it. that's pretty gangster honestly. hey it's kind of good. um anyway that's in people so you know. it's true because people never lies. wow man this really i talk my therapist the other day and i was like oh man. i'm i'm like scared because you think about having kids. in this world and it's like when they're my age. what is this world going to. be or somebody's going to. hit the red button you know. and it's like she's like yeah but every generation. thought that and she's right. and i already knew that. i'm not like one of these guys. that doesn't know that i know. that i know that this. generation the generations always say. duh boy this next generation. is going to hell. in a hand bask i understand. that but but it's kind of true. in a certain way i know. that you know there's more money and there's more. uh uh uh uh more good in the world. now that than there's ever been. but also dude there's also more bad though. you know and also there's more good until there's not until there's too many. people in somebody it's red button dude. that's what i'm saying that. is absolutely what i'm saying. i just want my dude. i'm so happy to. be a dad i want. my sons to just thrive. man oh my son do when i was never mind. i don't want to. tell it i don't want to. tell it i don't want to. i saw the uh the dude. the fact that trump went to. sneaker con here hold on. he went to. sneaker con i just i keep telling myself. i won't talk about you know. what i actually i'm not talking about. politics but then i did the thing. about elizabeth warren and then trump. i think if you just say trump. it's politics or if you say biden. it's politics according to. youtube i don't want to. get political but you know. he's got yeah but he's got ideas. dude he wants to. shape the world dude. the trump president trump hight top sneakers. sold out hours after the launch saturday. at sneaker con in philadelphia i'm surprised. it well no because they were only in person. so i guess it would have taken. hours the shoe's called the never surrender high top. sneaker you know sell for $399 i who what is that who who does that 99. cents $99 thing work. on you know you're spending $400 that's. like something that in did. that that worked in the 30s. does that still work anyway. the pair along with two low. top sneakers and 99. bottle of vic $99 bottle of victory 47. perfume is that his perfume. trump has perfume victory 47 and cologne were available for purchase on a new website okay so you could get low top sneakers now so here's the deal i'm not a fan of the high top. sneakers at all oh the low. top ones are are bad. too honestly uh the the the the trump. now the trump cologne looks packaged really nicely. $99 you know how we feel. about cologne and um perfume. colog it's awful i thought my wife. had it on the other day. and i was like baby. we w perfume she's like no and i was like all right. dude i can't stand. perfume up cologne i can't stand. it i think i'm allergic to. all of it i don't know. i sneeze but um anyway trump. says i just want to. tell you i've been wait. i' i've wanted to. do this for a long. ti trump said that. saturday when unveiling the sneaker. line i have some incredible. people that worked with me. on things they came up. with this and this is something. i've been talking about for 12. years 13 years and i think it's going. to be a big success. he said it's actually pretty good. i've never done a trump um a thousand. pairs of shoes so in in a few. hours the dude sold $400,000. in shoes that's so gangster dude. um so there you go. and some were autographed by trump. okay the red wave. ones also were $200 those are like the sock. on they look like adidas would have came out. with them in in uh 2015 um but anyway uh the the the shoes. are are are bad but i'll tell you what though. they i think they're aw. i don't like like gold shoes. like that like the but i tell you what i'd cop. them in an instant dude. for real and guess what i'. get them in any size i don't. care i'd crunch in them. i wouldn't wear them though. cuz i want to. resell them dude they're reselling for like thousands. of dollars isn't that wild. you could just make a shoe. i got to make a shoe. it's probably so i'd probably make the worst. shoe you know i'd just be like and this. is for your condoms this pouch right. here um yeah sneak he went. to sneaker con i went to. comp kh i went to. those convention there conventions. for everything it's crazy. i had the guys over last night. i i had brent mor. rick glasman and i had um uh david sullivan. and then my wife was here. and our friend jerica and we were all. watching a movie now here's the deal. dude rick glasman last. time he came over he picked rick glasman. if you don't know him. he's a comedian podcaster. we were on undatable. together great guy funny. you guys know brent morren. same undatable was undatable reunion really i didn't. realize it dude so we watching last. time they were over rick picked the movie. he picked the movie moonfall by with uh the worst piece of [ __ ] ever with uh halleberry it's so bad and then halfway through rick admitted that he watched it he's already seen it dude and i'm like this is so bad and look i like bad movies but not like that it was too bad anyway so now i'm like let's watch maybe one that looks interesting so i pick this movie called monolith which is all takes place in one room one one house which i'm not i don't love movies like that but it all takes to. one house it's about a woman who has a podcast. and and she's starting a new podcast. and these black bricks are getting. delivered to people and it's this. alien thing and she's trying. to uncover it all while doing. this podcast these episodes of this podcast. sounds boring as [ __ ] kind of was boring. as [ __ ] but i tell you what boring. movies are my favorite movies. okay because because i i i like when movies take their time. and anyway it was boring. but it was it was worth. watching and it was it. i don't know if it was worth. watching but it was okay. but dude rick was like oh man. this one sucks and i was like you don't get to. say [ __ ] because of the [ __ ] moonfall movie that we had to. watch and dude he was complaining about so much. like all right i'll turn it off. and then i realized that he said oh uh he was making everyone. think no sorry he was making me. think that i needed to. change a channel and put something else on. and when i went to. go do it everyone. was like no it's okay i like the movie. and i realized oh [ __ ] that's what i do. dude he was doing what. i did to. people and i look at my wife. and my wife was like this. is what you do. everyone has to watch. what you watch i was like but that's what rick's. doing and she's like yeah well it's annoying. when you do it too. [ __ ] dude and he's coming over tomorrow. for a facial dude. my wife yo my wife. gets getting a facial there. someone's coming over to. do a facial on my wife. and rick glassman like he's just coming over. to get get a facial i've never had a facial i don't want a facial my wife. is so you got to. get a facial and get your feet. done too the the the what do you call. it dude it's amazing. what women that what they turn into. you know like they just my my like she she looks at me. at my feet the other day. and she sees my yellow. toenails and she says you got to. get that checked out and i'm like what and she's like your toenails and i was like they've been like that. for 20 years and she's like well that's why. you get checked out and i'm like i don't want. to get them checked out. and she's like well you should dude. i keep putting off my colonoscopy could you [ __ ] imagine if i went. to the doctor to show him. a yellow toenail dude. one time i went in to. a doctor's office because i kept getting. this is kind of graphic how do i say it. without a fissure that's the what. it's called you you it's when you're the inner wall. of your it's so gross. the not it's not really that. gross the inner wall of your rectum is. chapped and it bleed. actually i'm it sounds so gross. i kept getting them. because i don't i didn't drink enough. water i guess back. when i was like 32. i kept going to. the doctor i was like yo my butt's bleeding. again and the last time. i went he was like oh again. huh well all right. and i was like i'm never coming. back again dude be nice the more embarrassing the thing. is with the doctor be i'm coming. in about my anus. bro and he's like oh i'll check it. okay i'm okay hey all right. you know what hey i might be i might die. die because of bleeding from the anus. because of your reaction it was. like when when uh my wife dude. we were at dinner. once with my uh business manager. and my wife was talking about. the wedding and she was like is it. okay if we spend this much. dude my business manager. goes like this yes and i and i go oh that cost. me $100,000 oh oh that little chuckle. cost me huh dude you're going to. sit across from a you're going. to sit ac across from italian. restaurant my wife is okay. if we spend this much he goes well. yeah you can spend that oh dude. that little chuckle oh that. little chuckle cost me. a h though i go anyway. uh so i watch this. this movie with them and my wife. is like you know what sometimes. women be saying stuff and i just don't really you know. she says you know what someone. should do make a place. with a with a pod with a with a stage. that's for podcasts and they're live. so people could come see them. and you just have podcasts. each each night now on its face. hey if you like podcast. that's a fantastic idea. but then you run into. a whole bunch of other problems. so i'm hit my wife. with all the problems i'm like well. sweetie uh podcast everyone listens to. them at home and in their work. so going out to. see them live they might do that. once in a while but not not every night. and she says well you get different. podcasts each night i say okay. how do you book. them she say well you just get comedians you like i said who she's like well. like the four of you you. guys would go and do one one. night and you do a podcast. it's like a live podcast. everyone goes to. see cuz they would love to. see it and i said okay and then who how do you get paid. and she says well you make money. off the tickets i say okay. so then the four of us. make money so i'm taking a fourth. of the money i would make then if i would to. go do standup at this. place because i get all the money and she was like well yeah but it's fun and i said oh yeah i know but i don't want to. do that i don't want to. go out for a night and by the way if i do she g. be like oh you going out. again oh so yeah. so you set up a boob. trap sweetie so now that's another reason. why it can't be done. and and then i say so it's specifically like for podcast. she's like yeah i was like so then what about how you could just do. a podcast anywhere else you could do. it at the laugh factory the comed. store the improv you you do. people do live podcast. at theaters and she was like huh. i still think it's a good. idea and i'm like but it's been debunked. chicks get an idea in their head. you know and they're just like they just need to. do it you know wish i should have done it. how much of a dude. would i have been if i just did it. and i'm like okay i made the theater. now look it's not getting. booked yeah what about the hang idea was the craziest. part actually babe she popped in the she popped. in the door she said. what about the hang idea this. is actually the craziest this is about the crazy. this is about the craziest part. babe babe she closed the door. she says but don't you think people. would love to. pay to watch you guys hang out. and i said yeah they pay to. watch us [ __ ] too i don't want them here it's like inviting people over to. my house i invited four. of them over to. my house cuz i wanted them. over to my house. not random people buying popcorn in a i know they're in the audience. but also dude you can't just be like they're just hanging you're cute. you're cute as [ __ ] you are cute. as [ __ ] i debunked it i don't know man she's cute. as [ __ ] though you know i calvin's 4. dude i can't believe calvin's. i can't believe we have. a fouryearold and an almost oneyearold. dude god kids are so funny. we we made it we had a cake. and we we brought him with the cake. out uh on his birthday. the birthday party was on the 17th. and his birthday's the 18th. on the 18th we had a birthday. cake for him and we lit. up we lit. matches and and put we go okay. we got to blow it. out say happy birthday. to you we do all the birthday. and then he and he said we say okay. um blow them out but wait. kristen says make a wish i say you make a wish you don't tell us and then you keep it. to yourself and then you blow. the candles out and then the wish might come true. right all [ __ ] doesn't happen. but you know for kids. it's like oh really okay. cool another fun thing that everyone lies. about so um so he say okay. so he goes like this. so he says uh so he says okay. and he goes like this. okay and he goes and blows. out the candles and then krist says wait um oh wait no it was before he blew. out the candles it was before. he blew out the candles he says he goes okay. i have it and and then chris says wait. before you blow out you. need to make a wish and don't tell anyone. okay and he says okay. and then i said remember don't tell anyone. i said do you have it. and he said says inflatable wacky tuo man. on the cracked on the stand. you know also i don't want to. say worse wish because so cute. and that's what he wants. but we have 20. of them so he told us and now he can't. get one because the wish can't come true. because he said it. out loud and we told him not to. twice three times she said it twice i said it once. so there we go the the funniest. part in in in on his birthday. i think that was when he woke. up cuz he he slept. in our bed on the the night. before like it's a fun. thing he woke up in the morning. and i said calvin. or i think actually kristen said calvin. you're four and he said i am. right now dude so cute. ah ah it is what it. is you know it's so cute. it's so beautiful oh i'm gonna be in kitner. i'm gonna be in um [ __ ] i forgot to. plug my dates great i'm gonna be in rochester. actually i've been selling a lot. of tickets at rochester. lately i don't know what's going. on they amped up the promotion. maybe um corpus christie and i will be in uh houston and also shreport uh so uh go. get tickets and i got like chat. coming bunch of different ones. norfol chris dot com uh thanks. for listening to the podcast. and that's it for youtube. um if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. on patreon watch the extended episode. you pay just six bucks. and you can watch all of the every month. we come out with an extra patreon. episode that is accessed and you can watch that. as well and it is absolutely. bonkers and it you can watch 30. i think we have 36. of them on there now so if you pay just six buck. books you watch all 36 of them. right now patron dot com. christa thank you very much [music]. guys 