 foreign [music] oh dude. when does this come out. thursday i'm in vegas i'm in vegas actually you're here. you're there too yeah yeah i'm doing. shows in vegas i'm doing shows in charlotte. i got brea i got irvine. coming up i got uh uh uh i said charlotte. knoxville little rock arkansas denver no. not denver sorry about that. um i don't know a bunch of different. cities go to. chrislea dot com uh but yeah welcome. to the new episode of congratulations. [music] awesome and we have my guest. which is you know she's the best. needs no introduction especially to. the people who are avid. listeners because you make an appearance pretty. much on every episode even if you're not physically. on it because i talk about you my wife. kristen taylor now babe what we do. is um we have a new thing. where we start the podcast. with a few minutes of laughing. because i'm getting absolutely jacked. oh sorry can you explain. like just like this which is funny. because i you know i i do i'm always broad. right but when i start working out. you know i get crazy. into it no i know gotta get crazy. into it and i'm beefed up. what the what the frick you. know um because i don't swear but uh i actually um worked out. today no [ __ ] way okay so we're gonna have. to bleep that out because it's the beginning. of the episode she doesn't know. the rules and that's fine. oh that's kind of right. though so it's gonna do the beep. whatever it is okay. we can remember to. quiet it out because uh we don't mean it but we don't mean to. uh what do you call. it stifle you what do. we call censor you but yeah. we can because we get to. monetized but but we can swear. after like five minutes isn't. that crazy my man. dude so i worked out today. and guess what happened. you got extra swole. no well yeah but i i pulled. my back a little bit in the middle. of it he's old folks. i am old dude. and what did i do. i kept going and you kept complaining as i knew. you would sweetheart i kept going. dude i kept going. not only did i keep going. i kept doing the same. exercise i go like this oh no nobody let's keep going and i did you got to. listen to your body. i know that's your body. telling you you got to. stop and i wonder if it was a mistake. we'll find out tomorrow when we wake up. well tomorrow we'll find out if my back still hurts or worse. um but anyway yeah i don't i'm not gonna stop dude. you see these from dead. lifting anyway dude enough about me. how are you i know. good good we talk every day. but you know not on the podcast. so yeah uh what's been going. on i listened to. about 50 of them. i'm a mom of two. we got a lot. going on you should force the kids. to listen but the kids. to the podcast yeah. i don't think this is like kid. appropriate no okay no um but what what kinds. of things do you say on the podcast. about me yeah are they nice. oh oh yeah always i always say you're my angel and then i talk about how i always feel like that's weird. to say you're my angel because you're just an angel that was put on earth. you know and i'm lucky enough. to be around you makes me. feel like a simp just talk. it like that because i never used. to talk like that but really when you realize that. stuff you got to. say it because you got to. be who you are sure right. um but anyway whatever i don't really know. what a simp is. yeah it's like a simp. like a guy that'll do anything. to get a chick yeah. there's so much of the lingo. it's funny like growing. up and you you hear your parents. saying the dumb things oh that. was like a decade. ago like my dad is like the king of that. like he'll be like what up. homie yeah rolling with my homies. yeah they'll be like oh 50 cent remember what. dude one of the things that bothered me. the most is when people said 50. cent when white people. said 50 cent and they would say 50 cent because it's you're making it racist. right whoever does that. is racist oh okay. um remember when we were listening. to the podcast last night. and the guy said just the one. that we are listening. to and the guy said ambulance. oh yeah he did ambulance. amber lamps ambulance he was black. i'm all sad i know. you're not going to. do it but he was black black people say. amber lamps and the library and i don't know. why it's just in their culture. it's part of the culture. um but yeah dude. ambulance it actually should be ambulance. i agree with black people it. should not be library though. okay because that sounds like a fruit. but amber lamps 100 should be that because it's it's at least. ambulance sounds so clinical amble. amps sounds awesome it's me. it's amber lamps i'll turn off sort of amber. lamps sounds awesome because at least if someone's dying you get to. be like the ambulance. is coming in it's fun. to say yeah i think he had a stroke. but don't worry the amber lamps. is coming dude that's awesome. wow i hope well i don't hope we don't have to. i hope we have to. call the ambulance soon but not on us. you want to. call them on somebody yeah you want. randomly on someone. yeah sometimes when i need a break. you want to. call it you want an ambulance. what just like a ride with some peace. and quiet just away from my family. this is a great one. and i'd send you the bill. oh and i hurt my back. so wow yeah i don't think it's a big. i don't think it's like a bulging. disc or anything like that. so you know how you're going. on about ambulance and what was the other word. a library you think so deeply about these odds. oh okay so here we go. this is going to. be not a compliment. it seems like a compliment. but it's gonna be not a compliment. welcome to my wife's world. go ahead okay i'll rephrase it so it's complimentary. no it's okay i like it. the way it is you be you. okay you [ __ ] suck nice hat. you suck i didn't have. a hat on you think so deeply about. these minute things in life. that have no meaning that. don't matter and will not affect. anyone or anything ever ambulance. simply that thing that you thought. so deeply about will never affect. anyone or anything why don't you. want to focus that energy. onto things that could not only better. you benefit the world but but yeah you could be like a i'm not a doctor i'm not a doctor you could be a mayor. you could like do some things. i could be a mayor. you know i could be americans. i could do this oh that. would look good on a poster. right i was ready. to slam but you did look kind of cute. dude so i could be a mayor. but i don't i don't think i could be a mayor. because i don't think that i think i would blow. it like very early on. and i i would just i would get so pissed. off yeah and i would be like i'm i made the [ __ ] point you know if you don't get it. then you don't [ __ ] get it and then you would just be like superimposed the this. the stats going down over my. face yeah i don't i don't think i can be mayor. well imagine like me if you were like doing a speech at the podium and how embarrassed i. would be you'd be so proud and then immediately. so wrecked yeah so much like smiling. like crying yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah trying to. keep it together and then i come up. if i really wanted to. do it yeah but but it's crazy. black people say ambulance. oh i would say at the end. you know what being with you. is like what it's like you. know the owners that have the dogs. that they love but they like bite little kids. in public or they bark. too much yeah and you have them. out and you love them. so deeply but you're constantly apologizing for them. you're like sorry he's just like that's right. that's me being in a relationship. with you i'm like i'm sorry. it's just like kind of a little bit. yeah and then i go like this. she doesn't do well you have a thing. where you talk you feel. like you want everyone to. be okay and like everything's fine. yeah yeah a bull. could like literally like crush into. our living room and you'll be like do you want. any anything to eat to. the bull you know what i mean. like you just i don't want yeah. which is a problem in itself. and something that i need to. work on and that's why we make a great. couple and that's why we also butt. head sometimes because you want everyone to. be okay and i want everyone to. die and i i'm a nihilist. uh yeah but i don't know. speaking of you thinking about things oddly we had a conversation this morning and i cannot stop thinking about it and maybe we can talk about it. here oh really it's crazy. that two people can have something. that happens and the and one person. could be thinking about it. nonstop and the other person is just like we talked in the morning. i thought i just got up. and and went to. the gym but what happened. i was so excited to. talk to you about it. i had to stop myself from. going upstairs and wake you up. and when i heard your little feedsteps i was like oh dude. this this was ridiculous. how you woke i woke up dude. okay let me just start. by saying when i wake up i don't i'm awake. i'm not ready period i. gotta hang out for like at least. 40 minutes i don't open. my actual eyes yeah. for 30 minutes i'm walking. around one eyes open to. you know i mean like i'm like halfway. yeah dude you wanted to. wake me up for that. yeah unbelievable i'm walking. down i'm not even downstairs. yet okay this is what happens. go ahead now you can go no i want. to hear it from your perspective. first and then i'll correct dude. okay i walk down the stairs. she is at the bottom of the stairs. already okay inner in one. of her nine rows all. right it's blue right the blue. one you had to. blue one on i had the pink one. on god damn it memory. so i she's you really had to. pick one on i don't know i think you're the blue. one on well i guess we'll find out. upstairs when it's on the bed. you think you had to. pick one on yeah wow that's crazy. in my head it's blue. that's really crazy all right. so so i'm she's at the bottom of the stairs. i'm walking down the stairs. i'm not down the stairs. i'm halfway down the stairs. exactly halfway down the stairs. yeah and she says babe. and i said yep and she says i think i know. what you have is this. what you're talking about right. if you woke me up for this i say and i know i go like this. huh but very groggy you know. because i'm not awake yet. and she says i said huh. and she says i think i know. what you have you know. how you sometimes think that you're autistic. and i and i and i'm no you know. i don't mean that to. troll people who have autism i think that you know. they have some of the most beautiful. minds in the world yeah i mean and then you know. there's both ends sometimes. it's great sometimes it's not great. right but um i i i wonder sometimes. if i'm on the spectrum. right uh uh she says you know. how you think you have autism. sometimes i think i know what you do. have pda right and i said public. displays of affection i don't like doing that. but that's not what she's talking. about she's talking about it's like a sect of autism. the pda type so and it's on the spectrum. most of the people that have pda. are autistic um but it's not recognized. by the dsm so i have a lot. of things that the dsm. don't recognize that's true. yeah yeah that's true. by the way they recognize. horton don't they i know it's so weird. that sex addiction. is that added yeah let's talk about sex. addiction so yeah they take they have hoarding. and [ __ ] and like they talk about gambling. right and i don't know if they have gambling. but well overeating it's like dude. i mean yeah if gambling. is one sex is so obviously one. it's the same thing as gambling. darren talks about it though um yeah i know forever. that's never gonna happen insurance. companies don't want to. pay for it he gets real dude. he gets real sometimes is that. what you think it is yeah. sure and tell me they don't want to. have to pay for [ __ ] rehab and [ __ ] that had to. come out of my pockets. by the way speaking of pockets. we got the diving board right. here because the pockets stay deep. dude we got a diving board. right there and it says on the back. pockets they stay deep. that's the merch you can. get it at chrysalia dot com. right there pockets stay deep. it's as is absolutely illen. and so um what were we talking about. autism i guess we could look it. up right yeah let's look it. up i was reading. the symptoms and reading and symptoms and he wasn't saying. anything and then i got to. the end and then he just looked at me. and you said i'm every one of those hold. on pete pj uh autism autism. but in adults because childhood. symptoms so hold on what is pda. like in adults individuals with pda. may engage a bit you want. to read it sure. okay individuals with pda. may engage in behaviors that allow. them to avoid these demands. such as withdrawing from activities. avoiding social situations. distracting the person who is placing. the demand dude i hate doing stuff. making excuses for not doing something. or even lying if they are desperate. enough to avoid them. so let me just let me just say. something what they're describing. honestly is a person no. oh come on dude every guys. listen to this go like this. i got pdx no you think that that's everyone. because you're in your own. head this is every guy except david sullivan. oh i'll do it man. he's got true true he's running. from something you want him. to be running from something. because he's such like a lovely. person yeah we gotta have some somebody's gotta i don't when when everybody's. hunky dorian and all that [ __ ] donkey dory. yeah it's just like not it's not. okay so yeah so that's pda. okay let's go through these and see what you guys. that you have we just did no but these are this. is like a more um specific okay highly intelligent hilarious. need for autonomy and control yeah resist. demands of everyday life even activities that the person. enjoys there's honestly no such thing. as demands of everyday life. so yes oh god um may not recognize. hierarchy uh i agree. with that thank you for making. that list that i agree. with sure it uses fantasy yes as an escape. to avoid demands yes you go like this. hey can you clean. the dishwasher and i go. like this sex [laughter] like this. you got you got here just can you move. the car i go like this. hmm oh i'm thinking of sex. sex you got real problems. huh what you got real. problems yeah talking to. the mic man all right. especially when it's slamming go ahead. um difficulty with emotional regulation. or mood swings i i don't know. if i yes yeah well anger. yes um might appear interested in socializing. but has difficulty interpreting social interactions. or situations yes. i don't have that i know. what's up that's the opposite. of that is knowing what's up. and i have that the doctor be like this. i don't know if you have that. one because you know what's up. oh wow um impulsivity yes difficulty with selfregulation. uh may have special interests or seems to. have a onetrack mind yes can become obsessive no. [laughter] meltdowns or shutdowns. shutdowns so um you go. like this you go like this. you go like this you say can you do. the dishwasher and i go. like this sex i shut down. i just don't there's so many things like that. happen in copulation that happened. in our daytoday life then i try. to understand playing horizontal with our. woman this is the one. track mind yeah dude. you have to. get the job done. yeah yeah [music] playing with a partner. downwards european slope of titties you know what i mean. dude some europeans they have the tits that go like persian. shoes and you go like this and the blue genie comes out. how many of you see. it in person european slope. titties yeah probably not many i always put those back how do you put them back that's stupid dude i so do you think you have us or not celebrities yeah i think i probably have it but dude this is but this is honestly like it's what this is like they're making something everything they're making everything something okay i think you're generalizing like not wanting to. like the making demands thing. and it's like every guy wants. that you have to. know that you are so far. on that end of the spectrum. any time that someone even has a tone where you. they could be telling you in your head. what to do i get it. i mean even now i'm you're already. checked out yeah we did. this conversation and i asked. you which is so funny because it's like making a demand i was like well look look it. up on your own time. so that you can and you know. what i thought when you said that. when you're talking i said she's doing. the thing that she knows. i don't she just pointed. out that i'm not i'm like this. and she's doing the thing she's making me. do something and she's already [ __ ] pointed out that i don't like to. do it i called the nerve. in my head the nerve and then i go yeah. and then i'm two people are you kidding. me yeah that's unbelievable. what the [ __ ] are we gonna do i don't know man. sex is this normal in relationships. or is this like really on the bad. end who knows dude i don't know. yeah i don't either what. i do know is we're great. together and that's that so let's boop leave it. alone poop anyway dude it would make a lot of sense. back's feeling great it. would make like a lot. of things in my head. make sense like the puzzle pieces. i've been trying to. understand about you puzzle pieces huh. yeah speaking of which why don't you like to. watch movies dude we watch the movie last. night though yeah we did. and you liked it. well you were interested. in it i would say i was interested. in it too yeah. it was fine it was. good though it was good i'm starting. to like it but just a little you don't. like watching this stuff and i get it. but uh you stayed up. and you watched it and it was a movie. called sanctuary and it was i didn't know. what we were getting. into when we turned it. on we turned it. on it was crazy. it was wild but anyway um and uh the guy from girls. is in it what's his name. he's so cute you said he's cute. i think he's so cute. i don't know i i didn't think that but like uh i'm a guy. and like i was shocked that you said. you thought he was like kind of hot. why do you think you. could always know like who i'm going. to find i don't know i think i do and then you always like hear. christopher abbott i mean he's definitely uh good looking. dude but like i was like i was shocked yeah i like that. he looks like a little jewish. yeah you like smart. yeah you like the guys that. look a little jewish. i do like adam driver. too then huh. oh my god yeah is that. a yes leave you for him. oh okay straight up okay. even though he's in that movie 65. what's that. mean oh the movie 65. it was terrible oh but it's okay. i've been in bad movies um uh yeah. so is he married. chris adam driver yeah that's i don't. know is he married. and driver married. probably not joanne tucker cute. he's married oh oh she's in thank you. wait she's in is she an actress or no. oh no she's not in there. she's a politician whoa whoa. whoa damn that's rad. we gotta get um politicians. we got to get into. politics we gotta get into. politics what would be your platform. enough enough vote for me. so good hey hey enough all right. pack it up you have one minute. yeah to give the speech. of a lifetime to. convince got it all these guys. no i want you to. do a minute okay. all right ready set that's my mouth. it's not the thing i gotta go. like this i know i'm not the president. doesn't matter i'm not even. going to be in prison. i'm not interested in being the president. we got a lot. of stuff to. iron out all right. and i'm not even gonna talk. about what okay because you know. what there's common. sense and then there's us we're not near. common sense as a whole. mass we need to. be at the level of common. sense so i say to. you people of whatever you know. body i'm trying to. govern enough that's what i'm running. on i'm running on enough's. enough dude and i'm not saying i'm against certain types. of people or against certain types. of ideas what i am saying. is i'm against not being for common. sense so ladies and gentlemen. and whoever else you may be enough's. enough vote for me. that was exactly a minute. is that 52. and i would get votes. dude you don't think i would get a vote. i would get votes you. don't think i would get votes. how would i be running. against though you're my first i vote. for you duh and then at the end. i go i go like that. well that was and then they cut back. to the people they go oh that. was pretty okay well i don't know dude. you would get elected yeah. i know dude it's just like straight. out it's just so annoying especially because i've had a scandal. dude if you have had a scandal. you can you can on a politician. level explain because people are like what the [ __ ] is up with this guy and they go hmm and then they go ah [ __ ] it oh what that and then that half the people have to. hate you right sure people don't have to. be like yeah but [ __ ] he's making sense. you know i made so much sense. in that speech yeah anyway. uh you know what that. actually made me think i could actually do it. let's do it babe. president or what no not president. i would love to. be first lady i would love picking out. dishes don't say that i hate every single time. i know but you always somehow. speak into existence who talks. about death more me. or you me so then what are you talking. about yeah but not to. like out into. the world i don't put it into. the ethos oh okay well i'll get suck. it back in into. your body take it out. of the mic and suck it. back into your body. that's not how things work. it does in my brain. thank you but i want to. go on with the bit sure i would love to. get dishes and pick them out. for the white house is i get assini whatever. the rest of the word is okay. but i want to. decorate the white house. okay that's very selfserving dude. you want me to. run the country because you want to. decorate the ice house my my first speech. as president ladies and gentlemen. babe you'd be in the back. sweating no i'm in the back. like walking with the lamp yeah. yeah yeah with dishes. trying to get out of this. i'm gonna decorate it. anyway dude anyway man you know it's like so what else is going. on dude you know what um let's look. up how you like enter races nah. nah you're not into. it nah that was a demand and i have pda. do you know what what i want. to know is i have been getting. more fit okay and you say you like me. better when i'm not fit true. and true dude what is up. with that man what is up. with that yeah tell me. about that because i don't believe. you know i don't believe people. anyway right yeah that's my childhood. but what is the deal with. that because how could you like somebody. who's less fit okay. um there's something about it's not it's not how your body. looks one way or the other it's the the act. of wanting to. go and constantly take make yourself. look better it's like that thing that's a less. attractive that's a uh turn off. it's not a turn off good. one it's not a turn off it's like um it's there's how about this. there's something very sexy. about a guy that's like ah [ __ ] it i don't right. i know i know i know but it doesn't it. make up for it if after the guy takes off. his shirt and it's a road map. to where sexville no okay. no well i love the thing. i like about it. is that you've found something that you really. really love and like watching you like you're so obsessed with it. right now that like anytime i look. at you yeah you're just like obsessing about finding. workouts and planning what you're gonna do the next day and counting your calories and yeah well yeah it's very cute. i i've read so many. articles about working out. last night wow and then i pulled. my back today so there. you go 43. dude um what are you gonna. do for uh bar bar barbie. barbie are you having a stroke. no i i i understand. why you say that. but barberheimer oppenheimer nope barbie. and oppenheimer are coming out. in the same day oh did they come out. already so what are we going. to do for bargainheimer right. is that what people are calling it. that's barberheimer yeah okay. um i don't even know. what you mean by that. what are we going to. do for it we're gonna see barb. no we're not because we're gonna be in vegas. carissa dot com we i don't. want to see the barbie. movie i don't care do i i don't see i don't so let's go. see upenheimer i want to. see up high but we'll probably wait. till we come back did. you see what christopher nolan said about. um the strike no he said he's not. going to make another movie. until they figure it out. yeah no [ __ ] that's what a strike. is i know but i'm saying that. oh you're on a strike huh. well check this out i won't make another movie until the strike. ends no but like he's putting his back. in the game skin in the game. and being like i'm not going to. work again until you do this. this and this i understand. that but he's trying to. get credit off of something that everyone is already. doing and he's saying it in a different. way when realized all he should be saying is i stand. with them because i'm striking he's lost. me as a fan no. but he's kidding i love. his stuff it's cool. because you don't think about the actual implications. of it and he's putting those implications. to the forefront where like you're not. gonna see another one. of my movies until i make rad. movies until we get what we want. which is can you look. this up i mean what's he talking. about i don't know money. and money and i mean. the ai thing i think that honestly. what i think with this. this writer strike and the actor strike. i think what they're doing. is i think because what they said. about the background actors and about how paying them. for a day for their likeness. and perpetuity i don't know i know what that. word means because i'm smart. but like perpetuity means forever. but like so i don't know why. they just don't say and so they use it. forever they say in perpetuity. is not smart which is [ __ ] horseshit. but i know it because i'm smart. so um but why why do they well. i think that when they said that. they were going to. do that they were just like well we don't actually. give a [ __ ] about actors and like we're not going to. need them in a little bit. like i actually think that actors are [ __ ] i think writers are [ __ ] i think because in five years you're gonna be able to. make a dope movie and they're gonna have their own. movie stars that are fake not real. and it's going to. look real and and it's going. to be great it's going. to be gripping dude. and i think that hollywood's. gonna be like we don't need chris. pratt it's nice to. have them but we make way. more money without chris. pratt because we don't have to. pay but what do you have. to say about that i don't know i mean. i'm thinking about it logistically. and i think there's something to. it being a real person. like you following their you're not just watching it. because it's they're a good actor you're following. it because they're this. i understand that i hear. that but but how until when how long does. that last i have no. idea because that's you know. people love chris pratt people. love adam driver but after they get old ai. what they'll just make a new movie. star the mcflimbot 75 and he'll. be like they'll be like starring flimbot75 i mean. grown ups 10 starring flimbot 75. i have no idea what's gonna happen obviously i don't think anyone does 10 is what i'm saying in like 10 years i think it's going to. be insane starring [ __ ] david spade chris rock kevin. james and flimbot77 and adam. sandler it's a flimbot 77 vehicle. oh oh my god we are grownups. and we're in a pool oh my god we are grownups. and we're splashing who peed. in the pool kevin james god. damn it kevin james if they asked you. to do an all ai. movie i'm in dude i don't give a [ __ ] about this strike i'm in i'm in blackball. me i'm in i don't care. i'm in an all ai. movie and it's also just me crystalia. babe we have so many actor friends. [ __ ] them [ __ ] them dude [ __ ] them to. their face how come though. because i don't give a [ __ ] dude. i'm getting that ai [ __ ] you want to. be in the ai dude. i am gangster dude. if you can't be like on the side. i'm acting to no one. you can't be on the side. of the robot so that's like so not the right. way yeah i'm the bad. guy i'm the bad guy in the ai. wars don't say that i wouldn't. be with a good guy. i could be a politician. and be the robot [ __ ] guy and we ought to. have such a great. life babe we already have. a great life i know. but we would have riches. no robots doing stuff. if you didn't you know if you don't want to. do stuff i could have the robots. do it i don't mean. sexual but that too i don't mean. sexual i mean dishes dude. i want the robots to. do the dish because i always have to. do the dishes that's the only tour. that you have and that's what you're recommending. the robots do in our house. is your one sure yeah i like doing all my things. you like doing the dishes. i don't do the dishes. you do the dishes what a politician. that was good dude you make a good first. lady thank you um yeah dude. i i just think that uh ai. is going to take over. i think actors and writers are [ __ ] and i think that people are afraid to. say it and i'm not afraid to. say it i think that that's what's gonna i think that that's what's going. to happen i think that they're [ __ ] how do we help. oh we don't we can't it's impossible. you know how they go like this. yeah but you gotta die. trying you don't you can just chill. and and let it kill you. yeah you're gonna die. anyway i'm a nihilist dude. i what what you can't. go against ai you can't. we're already it's it's already. done but we made it we can go against whatever. we want my man. you know we should do. on the podcast a thanos. checkin no way why i'm not doing. that not on the podcast. because that's for us i know. but nowhere there's no way. but i'm saying before we do. a checkin you could tell them. we do the check okay. so we do a checkin. every day this has been since rehab so like what eight months. yeah it's just look you. know it's like it's a it's called thanos. you can look it up. but i think it could be really helpful. for people for people you always want to. help strangers you know me. too me too and what. do you want to. do work out people laugh. workout titties sounds like a [ __ ] awesome life it. would be so sad. though i mean you were doing that. for quite a long time. but yep so thanos. checking okay it's four couples okay and i mean. you're saying okay like we don't do. it every day [laughter] and it's an acronym. and um for couples that are going. through hard things or fine. anytime yeah anytime it's like uh um all the guys on the pie. all the guys on the podcast. are going right now they're going over. to [ __ ] listen to. theo go ahead so f. thanos f is for feelings what you're feeling that day oh simp a affirmations i i am worthy of love oh dude you're gonna cry pick other ones that i don't say i'm a good mom i don't say that one you often say i'm a good dad i'm a good yeah all right dude you don't have to. air my [ __ ] out dude okay you can cut that no it's fine. leave it but don't do any more. of the things that i do. on that okay okay need of what. you need from your partner. yeah i need you to. understand my pda um oh ownership things. that you did that were not so great. that day oh my back. sucks no uh not like that. like other things well it. could be i pulled my back. and now i'm pissed off. and i let the anger. get to me yeah. yeah um s if you're in active. recovery you talk about your sobriety. and and what else and then if you're not in recovery. selfcare yeah so things that you did. for yourself why'd i say safety. and we added the g. to it okay yeah and then we do gratitude. things that we're grateful. and it's really helpful yeah. and i recommend it too. it's hard for me any and all couples yeah. you've gotten good at it. yeah but it's hard. though because i i just don't want to. be reminded that um there are feelings. sure i don't dude. i don't yeah i want to. play games i want to. [ __ ] i want to. work out i want to. watch tv i want to. veg out dude i want to. [ __ ] uh escape mary riley remember that movie what they would do that i didn't win the preview is called mary riley and instead of it'd be like mary riley would be like the preview would be like you know what we've been doing to. escape and it's so no cute. to watch you dude. anymore we've been playing this. game called code name oh [ __ ] man i'm not a [ __ ] and this is the cutest thing me and david sullivan were playing together sitting on the couch watching chris play and we were both like looking at him like our little oh he's like enjoying himself and like thinking about it that's so cute. the game ended i've never seen. you so into any kind of game. ended and you were going. back and thinking of strategies and things. you could have said okay. they were like yeah and remember when you said this. and you were like oh you could have done. this and this and it was so precious watching you be into. something none of that really happened. though huh you made it all up. in your head and you were like pacing the room. and doing your like thing. this yeah that's what i know. you're happy okay hold on. let's let me see the end. of this you're still on the mary. riley thing i mean it. was good to tell him. about the game after him i just i just want to. see if they did that. that's so dumb wow. dude hey dude he brought it. up from the [ __ ] archives from the trenches man. mary riley i want to. hear it again you put on your thing. put on your tape oh. you don't have one here i'll just play. for you here oh she [ __ ] it up dude. i'm so pissed man. this is just oh i can't put it is. it in no oh dude. what's wrong with you you. got pda okay. yeah you know who i am married. right dude he remembers wow. how do i remember that. [ __ ] i can't remember what color. robe you had on this. morning um anyway she's a lonely. servant of uh in the home. of dr jekyll and uh uh devoted to. her position as slowly. gradual friendship between mary and the doctor if he just. wasn't going to. talk anyway it's a fantastic. movie by uh pictures uh it was made in like 19. it says something but um uh yeah speaking. of youtube uh there's it i went. on the uh you guys should go check out. on my crystalia channel um i did. post it a half. hour crowd work there oh my god it's [ __ ] spectacular. oh yeah you saw it. oh thank you very much. this morning and i laughed so hard. really and you live with me. so there you go. that's how i claim yeah it. goes so great go watch out. uh get them numbers up. because we like to. go dummy viral you know what i mean. oh yeah we like to. go stupid whoopi viral. can you talk about the difference. of like crowd work and regular [ __ ] regular [ __ ] just like material material yeah yeah what would you want to. know um like i feel like crowd work. is in the ethos right. now like matt rife is yeah. i mean people it's so funny. matt's great but every time. someone like becomes somebody that people notice. that does crowd work like they're like yo. why are you [ __ ] jacking their style it's like dude. it was it used to. be andrew schultz and now it's matt. rife it's like dude everyone does crowd. work when the [ __ ] crowd is nuts you just do it and they're like this guy's trying to. be [ __ ] this guy it's like dude. like everyone just does crowd. work when the [ __ ] pops off and sometimes the ship pops. off and when it does i gotta make sure that it [ __ ] i can handle it and you're doing business man. because you can find me. in my place of business. tupac said the best. [ __ ] huh extra paper scoop that is a little cool j but anyway i just say stuff. that you say oh cute. dude all right so what do you want. to know so the difference like crowd. work well crowd work is when you go. into the crowd and start asking crowd. questions and then work off the crowd through. what they say yeah i i know. that part but like it. seems like magic so like what. are like okay i'm gonna tell people right. now this is what it. well here's what crowd work is yeah. to me it's flirting. if you're not good at flirting. you can't do it you have to. be able to. be comfortable enough with the opposite. sex or the same. sex if you're into. them and confident enough to. be able to. crack jokes with them. if you can do that then you can. figure out how to. do it on stage uh because that's really all you're doing is. you're making fun of people. in a nice sweet joking. way or you're roasting. them and which you can also do. that flirting wise. too is called negging right. if you have to. be good at flirting then. how are you so good. at crowd work [music] killed. it dude you killed me. see that would be good groundwork. thank you crowd worker it's like me. in the crowd so uh uh um you you can't. go oh to. your own thing by the way. i just did a baby. that black kid with the glasses. stayed in them the meme. like in the sea of people. yeah yeah where they go. no but they do like this. and then the one guys like that. yeah okay cool they say library and ambulance. but um so what what uh yeah. here's the actual uh truth. though and people i think comedians don't like saying. this because it it people communities. were good at crowd work. they wear it as a badge. and it it is definitely hard. to do and it's definitely a different. thing like some great. comedians are horrible hard. work and some people are really good crowd. work and not the best. comedians but i'm gonna tell you right. now generally across the board. crowd work is way easier. way easier than material. is that the general. consensus yes absolutely and comedians will will either not. publicly say that or it's not like a big thing i mean [ __ ] comedians some comedians would say that but i feel like people don't talk about that a lot because they like to. think their crowd work is badass. but dude it's so much. harder to. have good material than. it is to. have good crowd work because good passable. crowd work is if you can't. do passable crowd work you should never be on stage. because all you have to. do is literally be like hey nice jacket hey what's going. on there where'd you. get that uh [ __ ] uh this this and then people like oh he's making fun of the moment what's happening right now that's so easy but it does seem like magic it is well because it's special for this time yeah and it's special for us. and people think it's great. when it's your friends. and then the people in the room. that are in the room with you are. being made fun of but to. actual craft and i hate using that. word but to. craft a joke five minutes. it's [ __ ] i don't even i just don't even know. how comedians do it. it's so hard to. do that yeah it is hard. um you know who does great. crowd work i haven't seen them. in a long time. but he always makes me [ __ ] loud rick ingram oh yeah he's yeah he's great well he's like one of the best at it izzy yeah yeah yeah he's so good at crowding him like coming onto. the stage yeah he's especially when he would follow. you he's great whatever he would say he would follow. me all the time uh i don't remember now. he would say something like i mean. you're gonna have to. believe this but i just heard all. the [ __ ] in the room. drying yeah yeah yeah yeah he would say that. no no they're leaving that that's that's kind of nice. so um so wait uh yeah he's hilarious. but he also um but here's the other thing. about crowd work is and i've said this. before but like eminem is amazing. at rhyming like freestyling and when you when you watch it. you're like how the [ __ ] is he rhyming. all these words in real. time but what you don't realize is. he's already thought of everything. that has rhymed he already. knows so he's just pulling. from his database so they're so crowd. work is if you've done stand. up long enough and i've done. it for 17 years if you've done. it long enough you have situations. that arise that have been versions of things. that you've been dealing with for years. so it's not like it. is still very impressive. when a person is if you crush with crowd. work that's impressive it. is but you're just picking from uh i've been here. before i'm comfortable enough oh what's this. person going to say. [ __ ] it i know what to. say because i've done this. before in [ __ ] wichita the same kind of thing. happened it's always a little different but um you get the stuff. that you say and you and you and you and you fired. it off it's kind of like material. but it's not though but i like to. i like to you know. sometimes i do get into. a rut i have gotten into. a rut before of saying. the same thing crowd work. wise and i'm like i gotta change that man. because i'll i'll like record it. and then i'll be like oh that's too much. like this all the time. i don't want to. post it so i like try. to like um force myself. to talk about different things. in crowd work which is what the the one. the half hour thing that i did. on my on my youtube. is uh is on right. now which is uh it's all it's all. like just off the cuff stuff. i was in a crowd with a bunch. of gang members and [ __ ] in pueblo. colorado and uh i mean that. crowd was [ __ ] insane they were insane. and and no comedians go. there and and it's like yeah. no comedians are gonna come. there if this is a [ __ ] these are the the people in the thing but i was i was in the [ __ ] one of the reasons i did half. an hour material and then there was one. dude just in the back. doing like this kind of thing. and i was like all right. what what are you saying. bro i was just like dude. i'm not doing this for you. guys didn't some guy get stabbed. outside of your show in uh oakland. wow yep i have another comedy. question okay so this is something. i thought a lot about but i've never asked. you really yeah i don't know. i i just we spent a lot. of time together sweetie. i know but we talk about other stuff. that we never really talk about comments. uh uh so like typically. comics will do their hour. and like perfect it for a couple. of years at least you're closer. to like a year yeah yeah but you know when you first tell a joke. on stage and you get that. like yeah that laugh of like first. doing it there's something to. that and then doing it over. and over and over again. do you lose the magic. of it and how do you keep the magic. in a joke that. you've told a thousand times. it's hard uh sometimes because but sometimes if i think a joke. is really funny i get excited to. tell it most of the time. you know what i'm saying okay. like uh if i especially if i know it's gonna it. pushes some of the audience. members to laugh or get or not. not get offended but like you know. i mean i'm not here to. offend anybody i'm here to. just but so like i'll do the joke. and i'm excited to. see how this audience will react. to it so there's that. which you can still be excited. about it but often you'll do a joke. like i told this one. i did a new bit. a [ __ ] a month ago i gotta gotta do it in vegas now coming up but um i heard it four or five new minutes no and um and uh it crushed and the second time you do it it'll bomb it's just i don't know because because i think that that's the most time you're trying to. you're not speaking from your truth. you're trying to recreate what. you did oh and so you need to. get past that and then try. and um just uh try and just uh find the excitement in it. but i i'm i i'm i think i'm particularly. like it's it's i'm i think i'm good. at that like i like to. find the excitement because it's exciting. for me i think it's hilarious. that i'm even doing stand. up like all the time. so like when i'm on stage. i'm so happy and uh you know. i used to. like try to. not laugh because i was having fun i was like i shouldn't laugh. but then i was like why am i trying. to not i was like i'm having so much. fun [ __ ] i'm gonna laugh and then like people will be like i like your laugh so i'm like all right [ __ ] i'll just do it you know um but yeah it it can it can you can lose like sometimes i'm like i'm sick of this joke. like i toured man on fire. for two years and i was like dude. i have to film. this like this i'm so i should have filmed. this six months. ago and now i'm like i didn't want. to do it um with this. one i filmed it in eight. months i mean very quick. so i think it was right. there well this new one. that i did is the best. thing that i've done but like i'm so excited. for it to come. out but that was fun but right now like also when i have it in the can when i'm when it's done. i know it's filmed. i want to. do new [ __ ] so like i'm just getting so bored. of doing it and i'm so excited. what's next you know. me too yeah we don't say. me too anymore say. same but um same yeah army also. what was the thing that um when we were at. dinner that thing that our buddy. said and then i was like we have to. remember that thing that he said. it was so wise. yep i do remember that. moment what the hell was it. oh [ __ ] were we at dinner oh yeah yeah we were with our buddy. we went to. malibu with yeah yeah our. buddies yeah and uh hold on and so what did. he say he did he said something. it was very wise and we forgot. because we are dummies. no i told you to. write it down no i don't remember. that even oh god i can. ask him james what did. you say that was so wise. this is gonna be the worst. moment of podcast history because we're both not. gonna remember it was the wilderness wandering. no it was around that time. when he was talking about the wilderness wow. this is so dumb. we can cut it right. yeah we can cut it. but we're not going to. because i want people to. see you hang out to. dry uh what the hell. was it it was because i thought it. was smart too and you thought. it was right how dumb are [ __ ] you know you. were like that's so smart. i was like yeah that's in my own. head i was like that's so smart. later on you're like you know we got to. remember that and we're like yeah. and then we just go and it just goes here. we go [laughter] dude. what was it well speaking. of the mic we'll do this. wandering no it was god. if you're with us man. you ever do that [ __ ] you know what you're saying. what was it babe uh google. what my friend said man. no i don't know we're not gonna remember text. him he's not gonna i don't want to. i'm putting my foot down [ __ ] oh i'll text him after the podcast. and maybe i know but like it. was so meaningful and i feel like it. could have impacted us and then we'll never remember no. we will not never remember we will remember sweetie. we'll never remember we'll. remember because it was important. it was it was it was a long. thing and then a quick. thing it was like a sentence. and then another quick one. i mean why are you looking. at them i thought that they were. like i don't know why. anyway enough of that you know. but it is what it is. oh that's what it was. it is what it is um what else. you want to. talk about whatever no come on um we have two kids. now yeah yeah they're [ __ ] so cool it's so fun william looks a little bit like you but also like me in the eyes. and calvin looks like me. oh i know what i want. to talk about well i have a book. club now oh yeah and you guys should join yay totally it's called. the cozy road book. club cute dude and it's on goodreads. goodreads is an app that you can get that you go on that i have book clubs on it yep uh how's that going for you it's going really good you're part of the book club i am on it i can't remember i can't figure out how to. post wow um but i wanna. but i wanna post i always want to. reply to people's comments. and i can't it's cute. yeah you have to. show me how to. do it it's really really amazing. there have been some really cool. vulnerable sweet shares and i feel. really lucky i'm a simp just anyone. sim seems like a great. thing it's simple it's cool. i think simple is cool. simple if you sim for somebody you're kind of the [ __ ] yeah like yo it's like you're like the guy in like the 1600s. were like i will do anything. for you my love i will. travel long distances for something that might make you coughless. in these dreary times how long would you travel. for me if you had to. walk how far would you walk for me. six blocks i go like this. oh man i should have turned back. two blocks ago when i come back. i'd be all sweaty i'd be like babe. i love you but i don't know. what did you want i'd do that. wait no we gotta talk. about your your book. club oh that's it no. but also i have a cool logo. right it is cool and if you're on goodreads. check it out but i want to. know something about this. because it's awesome because you wake up. and you wake up before. the kids get up. sometimes yeah and you read yeah. and then you post. about it yeah and that's amazing. and that is something that i love. about you because it's awesome. and it makes you happy. dude doing something when you wake up. that makes you happy is. like you got like man. remember someone's talking about waking up. i was i follow this. guy on instagram i can't remember what his name. is but it's his workout he's a workout guy. and he's like i wake up. every morning the same thing. i drink i down a whole bottle of water. and i go outside for 20. minutes i do not look. at my phone first i do that. and then i can go to. business if i want to. and i was like man. that's such a good idea. um and i did that one. time so far but i only read. it like a week ago. okay yeah um the sun feels. so good huh well right. now it's real hot but yes being outside. is something that we need i know. i always think back to. like our original caveman people. and what were they doing what were our. bodies meant to. be doing and we do so much. different stuff we were meant. to be doing though constantly because i could drag it. by the hair constantly being outside. sweetie you know what they used. to do i mean we were never inside. you know i know um not even. paying attention to. the humor and i'm doing. it for free and i get paid. to do it but it's all. good you want to. talk about what we used. to see this is what we talk about you always want. to talk about something serious. so what is it what is it. just don't you think we should do. what our caveman people. did yeah i would be naked. a lot more yeah sure. i would just wear one. of those things over my thing. well you'd be a hunter. and i'd be gathering into. lynn oh my god dude i come back. everything will be rearranging the hut again. i'd be like i would be like and you'd be like and i'd be like yeah. yeah but i think there. is something too waking up. early and and doing something that you like yes especially prekarts like getting in if i wake up. and you don't mean prekids. before you have kids you mean. before the kids yes like before my kids. wake up i get my own. coffee i have time to. myself reading by myself what do you mean. get my own coffee like we don't split. coffee i'm saying like if cow. were downstairs i would get his milk. first i would get him set up. okay and i'm just like immediately tending to. my own needs got it. i guess a mom that's so not typically. what you do you do. that like three percent of. the day what 10 to. your own needs yeah yeah. you know um but yeah it's been really nice and i feel like i'm a better. parent when i have that time. yeah because i start the day. you're not resentful not. not that you were resentful. you never resentful with. the kids i mean you love. you being a mom is your number. one yeah yeah resentful. isn't the word but i feel like um balance. like aligned oh you know. what we can talk about oh. god we are oh god. we might do psychedelics this. is the new thing dude. yo chicks be crazier than a [ __ ] man i swear to. god first of all let's say it. for real you decided that you might want to. do psychedelics and that's where it ends. i'm not saying i won't but she had me. have a conversation with one. of the people that is from the company. that by the way the [ __ ] phone call cost 49 and she was just like so you want to. do psychedelics and i was like i don't know. maybe what's up she told me. a little bit about it. anything i could have googled and i coulda i. watched you on the phone call. and you were like this. yeah did you did you do. it was it okay did you feel okay. she made me sound like a [ __ ] i am not but you were like hard. on the phone you were like i know. open and sweet see this. is why people think i'm a dick. because you don't understand. that i'm not always in podcast. mode sure yeah right yeah yeah i never see this. side of you it's like you're on fire. like you're electric when you're on here. you're like in electricity mode. you gotta you gotta uh and then the other half. of the day you're asleep. dude you nap so much. you know what i haven't been napping. lately at all and you know. why because i've been working out. that's why really yeah. it gives more energy huh. and the perspective cbd is nice and magic. mind yeah magic mind. is great i've been feeling. better doing you've been doing. the magic mind yeah. that's why we ran out. so okay it's all good. you've been giving away. um but yeah we had calls and it's a fiveweek. program and you do two sessions. prior to taking whatever. you want whether it be mushrooms. or ayahuasca and then the third. week you do it at our. house which would be amazing. and you go through the whole six to. eight hour ceremony and then i don't like that. they call it a ceremony i don't think they actually. do i think they call. it a session okay. um and then you have two zoom. wrapup calls and that kind of thing. i don't want to. be doing but the whole thing. is you have to. like integrate it integration is so important. it's like 50 of it. is the operation yeah and then you talk about what you learned. and see how it can fit into. your real life your brain. is so beautiful thank you. and it's right it's narrow. rigid yeah rigid i want to. do mushrooms and i'm just gonna be like what. are your fears. i don't have i i i at this. point in my life i've been open. to a lot of change so i don't really have that. i don't really have fears. really the only thing i mean. our kids have no fear about. it but like i i i don't i the the one. thing that i don't like is. that it will take up. a whole day and i've never done. drugs so i don't know if i want to. break that even though it is is it. just on principle yeah really it's also but it's also not it's it's not like. it's prescribed but it is. like it's not like i'm recreational. recreationally doing drugs probably yeah. but uh someone that's yeah. but uh yeah i'm not yeah but at this. point it's just like another you know i don't like to. do things is it working out. is it stand up. is i'm sorry he's doing mushrooms. working out he's doing mushrooms. stand up is doing mushrooms. making love to. you oh it's three mushrooms. it's doing mushrooms hanging out with my children. no those are the four. things i do is doing mushrooms. getting coffee i coffee. beanie tilly for pete's no. it's just a new thing. that i don't want to. do and add to. my life because i like five things and if i like anything. more then i can do those five things. as much you have autism pda. type [laughter] i hope you do. i might i might do it. you never know god you on mushrooms. i can't even imagine like i feel. like the i feel like you can start. floating you know what you can't imagine is me. on coke dude i would be so extra. me it would be [ __ ] dude i bet i would be you know what i bet. i i bet my price would go. up so i would start selling. out arenas dude if i did coke and went to. do a show you know. how on [ __ ] fire. i'd be you know how mocked had i brought me. mach 11. i'd be out there. what i would pay to. not have to be in the building. with you and another thing. and another thing is are we like that. and they'd be like does. another thing you think it. would make you a better. comic no no you don't think no. i'm finding her for about five minutes. yeah and then the world would explode. anyway that's good for this. i really enjoyed having you on. time i thought we were rolling. into two it's long. no it's an hour. and eight minutes i think it's been cool. um that's not too long. because we cut alert. for the patreon but anyway um i appreciate you. guys uh i'm gonna be on chrysalia dot com. i'm gonna be doing a lot. of different dates i'm gonna be in vegas. this weekend i'm gonna be in brea. and irvine orange county. i'm going to be in charlotte. uh north carolina i'm going. to be in little rock. arkansas i'm going to be in nashville. as she said she'll be at the wedding. but i'll be in nashville. and we got the pocket. stay deep tees right. here chrisley dot com and get that. stuff and then also join her. book club if you're into. reading um and talk about your feelings and all that stuff uh go to. book it's on goodreads the app goodreads right. yep yep and she's running. it dude run it run. it on out run. it run it oh i got fans. you got friends they're on your book. club now and then at christmas. dot com okay well uh you can leave but i'll keep doing. the chris brown stuff. that's it for the youtube. version if you want to. watch the patreon version the unedited the extra long version. of this episode go on over. to patreon dot com crystallia. and then also you get the uh extra episode. a month and there's also a tour. report on there that. i didn't upload to. the public but there's a bunch of little things. over there so go to. chrysalia dot com or i'm sorry. go to patreon dot com. crystalia and sign up for the patreon. thanks very much my babies. [music] thank you [music] 