 this is going to. be so good okay oh i think so i'm [ __ ] my girlfriend right. no no no no i talked to. my girlfriend about the issue. right got it got it. got it [music] sweetie. i'm sorry it's this. [ __ ] i was filling out health insurance online. now that we have an audience. who [ __ ] does that here not nobody there's too many people in here some of you [ __ ] do that who would do it be honest oh you [ __ ] front again we knew though we knew would do it right yeah we knew he was the one who was like take your [ __ ] off wow somebody else's home when you jok when you joked what did you say i said hey you're like a kissing machine huh okay i take it back it could still work dude about 18 times out of 20 works i mean just say 9 out of 10 [ __ ] guy doesn't do math i'm out of there right away when he says that okay last question all right hi my name is kristen deia oh [music] [applause] no oh no runk hello hello hello hello hello hello i've never really noticed you never thought about that no if you're eating something oh in general yes i never noticed squirrel smells bad is a no no no no no i'm not saying the place we go to. i'm just saying in general. if you're not eating and people are cooking. unless it's like you know something. really user friendly. like what po you know. pizza popcorn yeah um coffeee yeah yeah coffee. uh then it's then it's like you're like oh i don't want to. smell that you know it's like gross. you know yes yes i do i do know. that but more often than not smells. of things make me want. it oh yeah yeah yeah yeah but not when you're hungry. though right not when you're not hungry. right sometimes i won't be hungry. or won't realize i'm hungry. and then i'll smell thing. and i'll be like oh i say so too yeah. you say so i say so okay. so anyway happy father's day. episode 114 happy father's day. yay happy father's day. happy father's day um you can go on to. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. still watch that lifeline l. the live lifeline uh that we have on lifeline. luxury which is awesome. yeah so good it was really. good i want to. do more of it. we got to do. more of it you watch the whole. thing rewatch no i did not watch. the whole thing but i lived it. baby and let me tell you something. i lived it i lived. it i lived it i loved. it and i would love to. live it and love it. again okay i'm going. to be in duth minnesota. go to my thing uh i'm going. to be in oh check these places. out well first of all i'm doing torrance with brian. ken oh really yeah i nice is. that not you don't look. like that's fun no no. it'll be fun okay but i don't know where it. is you said torrance. torrance yeah st louis uh. memphis i added all these wiah going. back to wiah look at these good places. um macallen and balmont texas i don't know. if that's good but i'm going. ity will be peterboro ontario which is great. i guess l london. ontario which i've been before lexington kentucky. for i i've done that. once before the opera house. dude they got your boy at the opera. house that sounds sick the opera. house that's me that's you know. you know some wild. stuff has happened at the lexington opera. house over the years you know probably established in like 1781 or something uhuh. a lot of racist stuff. a lot of lot of fondling. a lot of like oh my darling. when when a guy's like going. too far oh my darling. oh my darling my darling. let me you know wiping his handkerchief. my daing a lot of people like so overwhelmed with the show. that they were watching that. they just broke into. burst into. tears that's yeah broke down. um and uh and i'm going to. be in australia and auckland new zealand. naand might damn you're all. over i know i've been so many different. places dude he's going all over. johnny cash me been so many different places so what it is is it's happy. father's day what it also is. is sign up for our patreon. at patreon dot com line. luxury you didn't say the website. patreon dot com luxury. what it is is happy. father's day he says so what. it is is happy father's day. okay what it also is is subscribe. to my solo podcast. the private record it's on and popping it's on and popping all right. matt you know and you know what if you have a question. you want to. be on this show click. the link in the description below. or you know just go to. watch lifeline dot com or you could also leave us a message. on the hotline i'm not. saying the number uh but you can find that. and then you want one11 one. oneonone oneonone advice sessions with me. go to mata. dot com matt if somebody was listening to. the first this podcast for the first time. they wouldn't know what was happening. and they turn it off. no they would say this. is my new favorite podcast. lifeline merch lifeline merch dot com. with the tshit how do you like my hat. i i like it i got it. for you you got it for me. yeah but i got i did it. seems like i'm a nice. guy for getting it for you. it does seem like that. yeah but i didn't i wasn't nice. about it just what. you weren't nice about it. would you put anthrax on it. no you know what happened. i know but it was a mistake. i'm pretending i don't know. let's tell him want to. tell him why don't you explain. because it doesn't make any sense. to me maybe this time. explaining it you'll make more sense. so kristen my wife my wife. i do a great poor. but um um she orders too many. things from offer up oh is that right. a round of applause. a round of applause. for kristen for ordering too. many things on offer up. a standing ovation so she offers. is sick though and it's easy. to get lost in it. so kristen i understand. yeah so she'll put like you know she'll be like i found this literally said to. me i i found this amazing. couch and it's usually this. is not even a joke. okay and it's usually uh like $2,500 but i got it. i got it for $85. why what that was my reaction. that's crazy then she says from china. and i say oh but then it it's not it's going. to break big you bought. dude it's un and so this but she's like but she's like i figured i figured you know. even if it is bad. it's worth a shot i'm like no. they just [ __ ] stole money from you yeah $85. it's not a lot don't even. hry up hurry up make it. make the ch now hurry. you know they they never made it. before the voices speak they're speaking. their language though not english. but yeah but it's like when you watch gladiator you. know they spoke traditional latin but they're they're they're still speaking. english in it i hate how movies. like that they speak english. but with the accent i. want them to see bro. and dude like [ __ ] speak english or do the language. and do subtitles but just but also just speak english. you're not fooling anybody with you. going to do a french. revolution story going to have a french. accent [ __ ] nick nti is going to. have a french accent. you know it's really stupid. it's really stupid he going. work on his dialect as a french. accent no i want there to. be a movie where they're they do. a a a period piece in like italy. or or or you know. china and it's literally people are saying. bro and dude how we talk now you said the bro. and dude part i was going. to say i think that exists. but yeah not the bron dude. part obviously well they did it. my favorite one that. they did it with was. and they that they didn't. uh was the uh the one with that. tom cruz did about hitler. valkyrie yeah and and and everyone had an accent. but him really yeah i don't remember that. are you sure no no i mean. i believe you but just say yes to. are you sure are you sure. yeah yeah okay cool i need to. watch it again to. see that yeah and he was just like no. he didn't do it and i was like that's awesome. how much of a mess was. that set oh what do you mean. like just the way it. was every day making that. movie how chaotic was that movie you know. it's a nazi movie. brian singer directed it he did. yeah wow a notorious crazy man. criminal yeah uh tom cruz is a notorious crazy. man noncriminal but crazy. and he played the guy he plays. the guy who criminal tried to. kill hitler from within the army right. like what's that guy's name again. uh dave dave smith no it's like shellin. bacher or some [ __ ] like. that oh really it's not dave. shellin berer no no it's not dave it's cooler. it's cooler than shellin. bacher but what's his name. tim v oh dude it's tim. valkyrie v something tim. valkyrie von stenberg i was close. shelach stenberg stenberg dude. yeah w tom wilkinson's in it. he's so good oh he's a man. dude he he died. right he died rip dude. colonel clauson st this cast is amazing. yeah terence stamp eddie isard is in it. i don't remember maybe i didn't even see this. kenneth br has i i kenneth br. has no lips yeah we've talked. about that we don't about okay. okay dude uh bill nyi the science. guy he is in it. bill n he the science. guy he god nobody knows how to. say his name you know. is it n is it. n is it well we know what it's not. is it n we know what it's not. what oh oh oh yeah no it's not. that okay um so anyway that's that's it. i need to you know. what they didn't do. this movie if they be this movie now could well first of all they wouldn't make it now. but second of all there. would be there would be like so many nonwhite people. in the in the german parts. which would be hilarious. nonwhite would you think they cast. a black guy in the nazi. army pc yeah so not true. because the the hollywood you can't. that would be so crazy. to do that a black nazi. in the german army guarantee. it'll happen what will happen. hollywood will make a movie. where a black guy. will be or or an asian guy. will be in a german. nazi yeah 100% i disagree dude. that's just too much that. eat my shorts that ship. has sailed dude maybe in 2022. or something but no nobody nobody no that's not a thing. that's going to happen. okay that ship has sailed. that ship has sailed. and and eat my shorts. you know they did the the they they made the um who cares. guess guess if this hat is extremely uncomfortable. or not oh i i would already. guess already gave me a raging. headache yeah well if a hat and cancer. it gave me cancer. if a hat has lights in it. it's it's uncomfortable you know what i'm saying. so anyway um but yeah so that is uh so yeah get the get the we got to. do another lifeline live we got to. do another lifeline live yeah um definitely the most. fun i've ever had making the show. and most fun you ever had in your life. it's gotta be i don't remember every single episode. but it's got to. be the best episode right. yeah either this th it thrives. thrive live right that's what you're saying it. thrives live um so it's summer. mhm okay worst hype. man worst hype man so it's got molested in summer. so it's summer yeah uh all right. and uh we're in lifeline and we're doing some stuff. you want to. want to let's start. videos cute hey guys uh we need your we need your advice. watch in the show looking for some inspiration. so you're in a fast. food pickup situation coffee maybe okay uh four or five people in front of you. in the queue you. get to the front get your order. back to the car. something's missing um a critical part. of the order the syrup. for your pancake the certain type of milk. for your coffee get cut the dip or sauce. or something for your food. key part of the order. can't go home without it. back in is it okay. to go straight to. the front of the queue. back to the person that served. you say hey forgot this whatever. um good question my wife. is american very good at this. straight to the front no. problem i support this. i feel a bit weird doing. it you have to. address the people in the line. explain what happened everyone. thinks you're being in a dick. um what's the move here. did you help thanks. guys yeah but am i am. i wrong am i wrong. if i say like uh hey you forgot the syrup. can can you everyone knows you're you're that. you you know what i mean. that you they messed up. mhm so it's not like you're being nobody. thinks you're being a dick. right well people might think it but but the bottom line. is that you are not so that's what matters. whether people think it or not. doesn't people think really dum. [ __ ] all people might might think like oh that that guy is stalking me and you there's nothing you can do about it and they might think that guy's a dick. but they'd be wrong about. that too right. yeah no that that's nothing wrong. with that no i i i've thought about this. before cuz that happens. and i and i go oh thank god. i'm not somebody who i literally think in my head. thank god i'm not somebody who feels. about bad about doing this. excuse me you forgot. the thing can i have yeah. you know i mean this. is politeness obviously is a good. quality but it in some people it's just it. runs rough shot over. them and they're just like what do. runs rough shot mean like it it. owns you you never heard the term. runs rough shot over. you like it takes control. over you oh wow i like that. term i'm going to. say that on my podcast. next time stealing it. you know and people are going. to think that i said it. and people who haven't listened to. this podcast are going to. hear me s on congratulations. are going to. be like oh chris kind of talks. cool and you know what everyone. it everyone will have already heard. the term so they'll know what you mean. and no one will think yeah. but a lot of them are going. be like i remember that. term yeah i got to. bring a term back. okay so that's the kind of stuff. that i [ __ ] busy my day. with honestly don't let politeness. run shot over you well stop saying it. cuz i want to. act like it's my don't let politeness. yeah control you yeah cuz honestly it will run rough shot over. you so uh yeah also it is so that baby. was so cute that baby. was really cute it's funny. though it's going to. grow up to. sound like that guy was it. a i wonder if it was a girl. or boy there oh yeah might be a girl it was pink right. i thought it was a girl. it had pink thing on but no it's so not possible. to tell that looks like no. no no you mean boy. or girl when they're babies yeah. yeah i know i know no. one was talking about that. well i know but we're talking and then somebody says one thing. and then somebody says a new thing. and so you just brought that up. now just like everything else everyone i know but it was i i thought it. sounded like it was in reference to. something before that okay. and so defensive even about things. that didn't happen you know. bro let me tell you something. people love this podcast. okay they they love it. they they love it and they love the d. dnamic the brother dynamic that we have now. i get it i love this. podcast yeah now not enough. people love it yeah that's true. yeah so guys get it. out there tell people about it. this is the best podcast. yeah i mean you know. unless you unless you're not into. brotherly stuff or unless you hate. brothers you're not like bza. sick and it if you don't like banter. if you want it more a podcast. about like you know if you're like you know. want like self improvement or something. this is you know i get it. but it teeters into. that sometimes it does actually. it does it is that. but my but my my wife will watch just like a [ __ ] oh you know. what if you like true. crime podcast this isn't it. this is not for you. so there we go but i like true. true crime podcast and i would also like this. i also like this one yeah same. so just cu you like true. crime doesn't mean you won't like this. basically this is for everybody. including true crime fans. including selfimprovement fans including being so inclusive. inclusivity fans including including blacks. gays uh asians transgender nonbinary. uh whites too but only uh because we have to. because you know down with the whites. uh yeah all those just to. be politically correct so. nervous all those people that chris listed. this podcast is except for whites. for you except for whit it's not for whites. it's not for whites and honestly. it's for whites wink but it's not. for whites to be like politically. correct whites no what if joe biden said that. um so wait but uh he basically does. you know yeah he he really does. oh dude did you see. the thing where he smiles. at the camera at the when they say what. do you think about trump. getting convicted you must have seen. it right yeah and he just goes bro. it's i didn't see that the most balling. thing and it's so funny. and he has no idea he's doing it. so funny the one. thing he's still good at. because obviously even the greatest. defender of joe biden has to. admit yeah guys lost lost a few steps. uh it's funny that the last. thing to go is. like that baller winking. winking baller instinct you know what i mean. like he can still do. it even he does know. funny what's going on a great. way to put it. it's always been his thing. i'm going to say. that my podcast you know. uh all right next one. next one yeah chilling what. up guys josh here from victoria bc. what i need adv advice. on is my friend instead of listening to. podcast or music or audio. book in the car she will take her phone. put it on netflix. connect it to. her speakers in her car and then she will put the phone. into her purse. and just listen to. the audio oh of the netflix. show and she said it's usually like suits or gray. anatomy and that's the [ __ ] craziest thing. i've ever in my entire life. so i need to. know if i need to. call the police or if i should just [ __ ] kill her because obviously she's a serial killer and she's days away from just going on an absolute rampage yeah yeah yeah thanks guys keep doing your doing well one thing about this guy just real quick before doing nobody's ever loved his own mother. more than this guy sends her flowers every week. if he doesn't bring him. to her doorstep and she lives three hours. away that's not true that's not. true i'll tell you why what. oh man okay because although he probably loves his mother. so much no the person. who loves their mother the. most in the world is a black guy. and you know that okay. so of all the white guys. right okay in the world. this guy loves his mother. the most like the most hardcore like you. know like that's my mom yeah. no i i totally get what you're saying. okay um now about this. i have i have something to. say uh is it weirder that. she's you putting on a show that. doesn't necessarily isn't hard to. follow like if she was putting on you know. mind hunter mh i think that. would be bonkers but here's the thing. what you know what makes it. hard to follow that you can't see. anything it doesn't matter what. the show is it's not like a single person. giving a monologue to. the camera or like he said. ex except for she's doing it. for background noise obviously at that. point she has to. be it has to. yeah if you're going to. play devil i get if it's if it's not about. following the show at all if it's just about like. it's her preference for white noise. then that's different but that's not what he said. let's assume assum she does. it to quote unquote. watch the show yeah well then she's absolutely [ __ ] crazy and he's totally correct true. good point uh but yeah if it's just white noise. i mean people listen. to weird weird weird [ __ ] i know i used to. know a guy you literally used to. listen to whale sounds uh. that's fine though it's background. noise i mean that is a thing that people make and sell as audio. so that's still way less. weird than watching gry anatomy also. gry's anatomy it has like 12 main. characters how do you never know. who's talking they definitely all watching the. show there always that music. maybe it's that dude. did you guys hear the story about the grace's. anatomy writer who said she had cancer. and all that and it turned out. was lying no oh man. i don't know if that's for this. show maybe we should save that for later. but that's something worth talking. about for sure cool way. to bring up something and not talk. about it but that's fine. go let's go to. the next one sorry. guys oh my god what's going. on chris i forgot doing well. the family is all good. um question for you actually before i start. there is definitely a tree that. sm as i come i remember. in high school i keep every time. we walk past it. everyone was like oh that's the country. tre and everyone hear it. as the country tre so wow. there's that um my main question is i have been asked to. officiate a wedding for one. of my two best friends. in next year february and would like to. ask you guys for a couple. tips i am thinking. of starting the reception. um when they come in i'll be dress. as a full pope you. know full pope outfit pope. hat everything just you know. rocking it taking the piss. of bit come diss will be great. there's going to. be about over 300 people there. so i'm shoting myself a bit um but they've asked me. to do it cuz kind of funny. not really but i mean they think i'm kind of funny. so and i can be a bit rude. and all that cuz they're not very churchy. people so any would be great. i love you guys love. the podcast all the best 300. people isn't that much it's not. no it's like a brian c. show i mean s dick. but uh yeah no it's a lot. um especially for somebody who doesn't do. that it's a lot 300 people is. a lot for a wedding. 300 people is a big. wedding yeah exactly yeah i thought i'm saying. i was making a joke. about an audience size yeah. like to talk in front of people. that's problem hey dude just get up. there you just [ __ ] wing it okay just get up. there and just throw out. a few jokes they land. great if not you know. what you're working on them. or you you start doing different. ones or whatever you learn. you live and learn dude. it's not a big deal wedding. isn't the place for that. right you wouldn't work on your material. you don't work on material. at a wedding when you're the officiator yeah i have no remember kia. um so i have no tips. just not even a penis. one not even a penis. tip so dumb just don't bore anybody dude. that's it yeah don't do it. too long that's it. and and here you're not a professional. so too long is boring. it's gonna but you know. at least you're not a chick. though chicks make the boringest you know like guys are just dumb when they're bad at speeches. like how dumb guy's bad. at speeches a woman can be the dude. a woman can be like so smart. and great and fun. to be around and then they'll give a speech and they'll be like and that. was the moment that we met. and you're like oh i'll stab my eyes. up you know what i'm realizing. right now i don't think i've been wrong. ever listened to. a single speech at a wedding. really i don't know if i've ever. heard a good or a bad. one and i'm going. through my mind i'm realizing. it's because i've never ever ever. listen when people are talking. stand when they do the standing up. and talking at a wedding i'm out. even if i'm sitting there i'm just checked out. take out my phone so rude. it is rude but i just i'm thinking there's no version of me. that would listen to. that [ __ ] i don't care that's so rude. i don't care the person's nervous. they wrote it it's probably [ __ ] anyway deeper. um dude i it's just like come on with the speeches. at weddings yeah let's get it. going get it going everybody. want everybody wants to. go sle yeah everybody wants to. go home let's all get in bed. it is weird that everyone just wants. to go home wants. to go home the older. you get too when you're young. you do not want to. go you don't want to. go home you want to. go home and then you get to. be a certain age and you're like all. i [ __ ] want to. do is go home i mean. dude it it starts when you're young. calvin's four and he's like i don't want to. go to bed i don't want. to go to bed. right well yeah and and then and then that turns. to let's not go home. let's stay out and then what what. is it where you're just like oh. dude i came out this. is a big mistake i gotta go. home turning 30 different for everyone. but yeah maybe 30ish bro. i mean cuz yeah in my 20s. i always wanted to. be out partying all how about this i have it. in me to be like at at at. at 300 p.m. i'm like dude. i'm going to go. out tonight i'm going. to go out i'm going. to go to the clubs you not not like but like yeah. or or or even i'm going. to go get a coffee. at 9: i'm going to. go to coffee bean. or us calvin calls it. coffee beans and i'm going. to go at 9:. calvin's mom now just adding assets to. things our mom just adds assets to. things and so and um and i go and i and then i and then at like 6. i'm like o i actually don't know and then at at 8. i'm like there's no [ __ ] way dude. it's so funny how we just like straight. up don't know ourselves i know. like i still think st not. that but stuff like that. and by the time when the time. comes around um know without fail. i'm like i don't really want to. do that at all i know. who do i think i am. i know i know you say yes to. something two months out that'll be fun. time comes why would i ever. say yes to that i don't. know me what's going on here. anyway that's going to end. up happen to. this guy for officiating the wedd. he's going to say. yes now and then when the time. comes he's going to. be like what did i say. yes for i don't know what the pope. thing is that he was thinking. about joke he wants to. dress like the pope. for the to officiate a wedding. disaster so yeah but that's good yeah. that would be actually funny. do that for sure disaster. so yeah dude i think you have to. be able to. like take the pope. thing off like you could come. out like that but then pull it off totally you don't want to. be given a serious speech time. just like nick a gun. the mal just comes off. that be and he's just naked. well that would be less whoops. anyway get married whoa and runs um all right. next one hey you guys um laura from canada. here hi laura the thing. that i need advice is on. is that i spontaneously like to. talk in a british accent. from time to. time it's pretty spur the moment. just kind of comes out here and there. um and my fiance absolutely hates. it he thinks it's the most annoying. thing in the world sure i think it's hilarious. and i think it's so much. fun so probably fun am. i in the wrong like do i need to. stop doing that cuz he thinks it's annoying. or does he need to. lighten up and get a better. s here's here's what i think. it's not it's not about you guys. love the show so much. thank you it's um you need to. you need to. do it better for him. you need to. do it better better if you're going. to do it you think the solution. is getting a better english. accent you think he's going. to be turn around. for that no no way you need to. do it in a better way. you don't need to. actually be sounding british. okay so what so what constitutes. better in do it's like when kristen is annoying. with my [ __ ] annoyed with my [ __ ] i think okay that's not working i'm going to. figure out how to. make it so she starts. laughing again and then i go. for it and i keep going. and i keep working it. and i work it and then finally she laughs or she doesn't poor. christian you know yeah and um just and honestly. you know who's who's getting worked. on but you know who's you know. who's awes what's awesome. for this you know what's awesome. for this here's my advice. have a kid have a kid. yeah dude i do everything. now just to. calvin you know i'll do it. to billy too but he's not old enough. yeah yeah yeah but for calvin. sometimes i'm in calvin's. bedroom with him and i'm just like oh no. we going to do. next and i'm like this is i'm like i am. a am i making him. a crazy person yes like i i i the other day. i was just he likes when i be this. italian guy when i be yeah we call him. uh billy bolan a yeah. i've seen that dude i've seen i've seen. billy bolise before yeah why do you think billy bol a uh i like that calvin likes it you don't cross him though you don't no i don't i don't do that um i uh he loves it he loves it all the time always he never wants me to. stop doing it so i just do it. to him now so honestly. that's great advice have kids. so you could do a british. accent or i know there's a lot to. consider when having a kid. you got to get pregnant. you got nine months. before the kid comes and then right. when the kid comes you. still got to wait at least. two years you have to. wait years more two more even more than two. years right so in the meantime. maybe become a preschool teacher. why for the same reason. oh i see there's 20. kids around now you can't just become a preschool. teacher though you can in less time. than it takes to. have a kid that wants. to three years yeah. dude doesn't take three years. to become a become or just go. to the park find some kids. and be like oh what's going. on that's possible you might get a jeil for that. or at least get suspicious. looks but but you could also break. up with that guy find a different. guy who has a kid. already but is divorced. or separated yeah or you can find a guy. that likes it maybe it's not. that funny or good how you're doing. it well i think even she might it seemed like she might be kind of conceding. that oh really you know. or the possibility that it's not. that funny but she likes it. and it's funny so my like if i do a british. accent to my wife. i won't concede that. it is not uh funny. no but it is deeper. but it is for sure. highly annoying it's annoying no matter what even. if it's funny oh that. when you're in a to. the core you know. hurt me to. the core when you do. i'm saying i i know even when something. is good and funny. if you're their partner and you see it all the time. you're just like tired you want. to read you want to. focus on something and they're just like hello. you're just like shut the [ __ ] up dude. i was doing it to. calvin i i mean i there. might be i mean the percent. of the time i'm doing something. silly or a voice to. him is like he's going. to grow up with an accent. like it's like it's so it's so much. that i i'm often like wait i gota be a real. dad actually hold on. what else do you do. besides billy boles what else you got billy boles. i got najo light um i got frank. jansen oh yeah what's who's frank. he makes a face yeah he just makes a face. what face is frank jon that's all he does. that's that's it dude. imagine knowing frank jensen that's all. he did he would have no. friends what even is that face anyway. is like disgust or surprise. or what is that like what. the heck's going on okay. anyway uh and then there's other ones too i. can't think of them. right now they escape me. at the moment okay. um anyway well yeah i mean we gave you a lot. of ideas but i think the bottom line. is for the sake of your love. for this guy maybe cut down. on the british accent around. him because if you love him. you got to understand. he's not always going to. want to hear it. just trim it around. him do it around. other people i also do a thing. where and have a kid. i also do a thing where're he's in his foam. pit he's like come in the foam. pit and i and i say well calvin. loves himself so much. no it's so funny. to see him do it. but to see him. like like it but i say well. well calvin i think i'm a little too. cool to come in that foam. pit and then i turn around. and hit my head on. something that's good dude. that's always good it's like jerry. lewis is back alive yeah i mean he thinks it's so funny and that's comedy. babe but he thinks it's so funny. and then he says the other day. he made me he was like come. in the foam pit and he wanted me. to do it and i go. like oh yeah i think i'm a little too cool. for coming to fo pit. and i just go like this. and i fall and he says no. no i want you to. do like like this and then he goes up. and he be in a ph. pit and then goes and hits. his head on the thing so now. i have to be beat the [ __ ] out of myself. how about when kids just like boss. you so hard and you have no choice. boss you dude calvin will go look. look he look like like he's like look this is what you did. this is what you did. mobster yeah billy b. a exactly d billy bolan. a so racist against italians. but but i'm italian so i was just thinking that. when she said this you know. how people say it's racist. to do accents why. is it not racist. to do english accents. it's not racist because it's not. racist to do accents but if you would oppose. it to people who think it. is yeah because of because of the the the the way. that it it the history of it. and the how it's been portrayed. it's like why is it. not racist to put uh on only black. not like you know. if you put an indian face. well that would be brown. face and still bad you know. what i'm saying walking it. back you know all right. cool hey couple episodes ago. you had a guy on asking which of these cakes. you would pick first a or b. to as you guys said there's only one to. take it's the one you were going. to take i would frankly. question everything that she wants to. take sided if you take the [ __ ] other one then shar this on your instagram story from a guy called brandon. who i had an indepth discussion. with on facetime and i'm here to. tell you why these are all. wrong okay as you can see. the cake box is. separated in three different sections with each section. having three cakes let's say this. is r a this. is b and this is r. c in this case all the cakes. in r c have. been removed and the b. has been removed so therefore logically. the next cake you we take is. b2 and then b3 and so. on huh now we need to. discuss what happens if the cakes are in transit because three cakes are in their own section they are protected from any potential movement. damage where is the cakes. and ro b aren't they could roll. and damage each other so by keeping row. a intact you're essentially protecting. those three cakes from damage. i'm going to use. this cake box as an example wow. now 90% of the world. are right so if you were to. pi this up. and hold it you would hold it. with your left all the weight. side and you would open. the box using your right. hand you would take cake b oh wow. all the weight our podcast. yeah well that's the most boring. video of all time no. it's not uh thanks rob rob does. all the rob does so much. of the editing for like the joke. stuff that we do like on puts. on instagram really proved. me right and i'm really happy. i'm shocked i'm still shocked i can't. believe you thought otherwise but i honestly. think that it was rigged. but um the i was so right. too 55% of the words. would yeah i mean so right. would be 70 but but um i didn't. i i i didn't see there. was a sho it looked like i thought there. were just two did you guys. to to me it looked. like six cup spots six. cupcake spots and one was removed and that and i got to. say that does change it. a little bit it does. i still might without thinking it. through i would still take the one. i said i would take but this is this. is a fair point. my thing is the balance. in transport you want to. keep enough balance so a square is more balanced than like an l. right and that's why i would take makes a great. point though about the and then the right hand thing. makes a lot of sense. cuz you know if you take that. one then that'll topple and yeah it. makes a lot of sense. it's good it's good it's good. we should yeah feel less. like absolute like you're a crazy. person if you don't agree. but i still would choose. what i would choose. yeah same he's making points. about uh trans who's transporting. cakes that's also a good point. marco i think that went into. my thought process as well cuz you pick. it up no yeah yeah yeah. yeah pi it even. if you're going to. move them exact yeah. even if you're going to. move them to. like the the island or something. these things matter yeah the island like epstein's island. if you bring to. ep's island if you're bringing the cupcakes to. epstein's island then you know. uh you want to. balance they don't fall. all over each other if you're bring it. to the cam islands you. know yeah yeah yeah all right. cool that's good that was a good. one rob thank you that. was not boring and you know that. and and i get why you like the podcast. well that was a joke. he didn't he didn't mean. but it was bor if you really thought it. was really boring know. that fight afterwards gonna fight. afterwards it mean you yeah all right i mean the worst angle. hey man chris joel from canada. here joel uh chris on on congratulations. the other day you said how it's so [ __ ] to. sit in the passenger seat while uh your girlfriend. or your wife drives i me. i could not disagree more. need matt to chime in on. this i'm curious to. what he thinks what could. be more alpha than having like. a hot woman chauffeuring you around. while you sit in the passenger. seat doing whatever you want. mess around on your phone. sitting looking out the window. like this creeping people out. on the highway whatever you want i think it's the best so i'm curious to. hear what matt has to. say thanks so okay i i get what this. guy saying and he makes a valid. point i ranked them though i ranked the most [ __ ] to. least [ __ ] of what it wasn't saying that that was so [ __ ] necessarily it was saying two guys a guy and a girl in a uh in the front seat and the driver's seat passenger seat front seat right the guy driving is the most the [ __ ] and the girl in the passenger seat switch that that's more [ __ ] i'd say okay now if there's two guys the biggest [ __ ] is the guy in the passenger seat not the guy driving it doesn't make okay would you agree with if there's a guy driving you the more [ __ ] position is the passenger seat is are either one of them though like i what i don't get is why is it why is it at all i'm going i'm dry we'll go wherever the [ __ ] i want okay you know well i don't what if i don't want to. in that case yeah then. then of course but that's not typically. what's happening in a car. uh but i i do so wait. you were saying it's the most the i so i said the the third. third most [ __ ] is if you're in the passenger. and your girls driving the fourth. is if you're in the passenger. and and a guy's driving oh so it's not the most of all. of them okay okay well i look based on what he i agree. with him but if you're clarifying then okay. but i don't i don't but but there's that. there's that thing where if the [ __ ] hits the fan. uhhuh you got to. be in control now that. is now you're a [ __ ] if the [ __ ] hits the fan and you're in the passenger. seat you're a [ __ ] but what is what constitutes. [ __ ] hitting the fan. like what is that an asteroid hits. earth okay and then what how are you subit when oh no. go go that way go go. you're like oh you know. what i mean and the guy. just like that guy's cool this. guy's cool i got it i got it. the other guy there's an opening. that guy's a [ __ ] okay but that wasn't part. of the what i understand. the hypothetical but you always have. to go when the [ __ ] hits the fan you know because look it's not [ __ ] to. get into the back. of a car that is a coup with two. doors unless the curb's in the way. unless it's too high unless you got to. to do that's the [ __ ] hitting the fan. i think it is subit to. be in the back of a coupe no. matter what though honestly. like like a like to. be the back of like a porsche. boxster with a top down. i mean there's nothing more you're right. you're right you're right you're right. you can't be in the back. of a boxer with the top. down you can't in the back. of in though i said getting in though. not getting in when you got to. push the seat forward oh that's the very most [ __ ] yeah n you're like this you're like kind of like but that's the [ __ ] hitting the fan. the precariousness is the [ __ ] hitting the fan. if you just if you just are if there's nothing in the way. and you just go like this. that's not [ __ ] but if you're in the curb and you're like this. then that's [ __ ] that's the [ __ ] hitting the fan i rest our case your honor. that's not the [ __ ] hit in the fan. that's just like no i know. but i'm saying in that situation. it's the [ __ ] hitting the fan. a the [ __ ] hit the fan in the back. seat you know i got in like a [ __ ] of curb was too hard. the [ __ ] hit the fan let's go go. to white castle don't have just two. doors on a car everybody. well no do if you're have two seats. no ex yeah no that's right. i have four seats i two. if you only have if you only have two doors you can only have two seats. that's a new law. but bucket seats are good. us car manufacturers yeah but bucket. seats are fine what's that. bucket seats are the seats. that are when when you have two doors. you got two two like bucket. seats in the back is that what they're called. bucket seats yeah i don't like it. that's weird you never heard. bucket seats and i haven't heard i have heard bucket. seats but not in the context. of the back of a car. you didn't know what bucket. seed was i know what a bucket. seed is like in a movie. theater but i never heard in the back. of a car it doesn't make sense. so thought it uh it kind of makes sense. does it well i don't know. it should just be walking. back walking back whatever it's fine. should be all good well. i got a new scratch. on my glasses pissed pissed. dude these glasses these sunglasses. i gave to. calvin the other day and they're just dude. dude it's like cloud city. i know i i know what you going. to say but but i i've cleaned them. four times and they're still got his i don't know. how they're still on there. but they're calvin when he was like eight. months old we were playing he ripped. my glasses off cuz baby. babies always rip glasses. off it faces i thought. it was cute i thought it was cute. i was like oh yeah those are my glasses. glasses he goes like yeah. puts the glass and then he goes like this. and just a huge scrap directly in the center. of my favorite par glass thanks cvin but you said you liked it. i like it because it makes me. think of him but i don't like it. when it gives me. a headache cuz i wear them. too long that's like my shoulder. pain because he i reached back. for something for him cuz he was crying. and and then i i i i [ __ ] hurt. my shoulder it's been hurting for a month and a half. but and every time he does. it i every time every time it. hurts now when i do something. which is a lot i go. like this oh [ __ ] and i go at least i got it from doing something for calvin. a a like that that's yeah. so if you hear if you're near me. in public and you hear me. go a a then you know what i'm doing. mhm yeah yep cool. uh yeah so that's cool. all right all right all right. want to do another one. matthew mcc yeah sleeping hey chris man. i just woke up and if i mean you listen. you'll hear why her boyfriend's. like this we're doing a lifeline. video all right go ahead. bird oh my god dude didn't we just talk. about this hang on that. bird wakes me up every morning. at the ass crack. of dawn i had to. kill itude tripping outside my window. and my question is what do. i do i live in the south. i could yes you could you know. kill it sit out there. one morning and take care of it. i can't wear ear. plugs it gives me headaches. i know what would happen. if it was me and this bird. is driving me insane. and i can't believe that. such a tiny little. creature is impacting my life. this way what would you do. that's funny thanks so this. this exact thing. has been happening to. me for the last couple weeks it's not every day. it's like four or five days a week. okay i to so much. to the point that i i a couple. times i went out there. to try to. find it to see what. kind of bird it was so if i could google. how to get rid of this. kind of bird whatever it. was it ended up being a uh a northern mocking. bird and obviously in la. there's nothing you can. do about that you can't. just [ __ ] shoot a bird in well you can't shoot a bird but who are you going to. tell you know what well. who's going to tell well. the gun's going to. go off use a um bb gun. yeah i thought about that. he sling shot oh archery archery so i thought about a bb gun. but then there's the possibility of missing. and hitting a house. or person even worse. no but i came upon the solution. and you're not gonna no one's going. to believe me until it. happens to you and you try. this you have to. play anya take a blanket. what is that that was the worst. sound i've ever heard in my life. that's the en song. mayonnaise wow dude just m mic's so. high you know take a blanket. the blanket take a a blanket. lay it like lay on your side. yours put the what is nothing. to do with the bird. you don't take a blank lay on. your side yes no the bird. you can't do anything about the [ __ ] bird. it's a bird i hate. when they lay on blankets. on their side. you lay on your side. take a blanket put a blanket. over the side of your head. okay so one ear is covered. by the pillow. the other ear is covered. by the blanket it's going. to sound like well of course you're still going. to hear the bird. you can hear other things. the pitch of the sound of the bird. will be obstructed by the blanket. and it will not reach your ear. i promise you it did. i solved this [ __ ] problem. just the other day this is no. [ __ ] now maybe it has to. be the kind of blanket. that i have i don't know. but the kinds of i tried. it with two different blankets. just to be like what. the [ __ ] why does this work and it worked i could hear construction i could hear anything else what about did. it did it this hilarious. if every time you go right. but um what about was. it hot though i don't like that. sometimes you put the thing over your head. it's hot it it could be but if the ac's on you're fine. but also it's been chilly in the morning. so but yeah dude that's crazy. it was i have no no idea. why this worked i was so desperate. i was like ah and i just took a blanket. i was like wait did it. stop and then i move it. fast and it would just be still going. and i put it back. and try that i wish it. worked i hope she watches. the [ __ ] show cuz it it absolutely worked. if it doesn't work write. us back and i'll find out. what kind of blanket i. have i promise you it'll. work though um i here's what would happen. if it was me i would get a gun i'd go i'. i' get out there 5:. in the morning ready. get it time lapse what. is that what is this. uh the bird became part. of the earth de composing. yeah yeah time lapse and so uh time. lapse voguing voguing dude. a flower a flower flower dying. flower blooming flower then dying. then now is dead on the ground. okay yeah that's good. so um everyone knew it. you don't need to. no one no one knew what. you were doing nobody knew what. you were doing all right. but try it dude. i i i obviously if i heard that. i'd be like that i didn't. tell you what what what would. happen if i did it. what it wasn't the timelapse thing. it was more that i got carried. away time um and then go to. sleep next day next morning. i shot the wrong. bird right no way. that doesn't happen to. me yeah which is why. you don't shoot the bird. right then then then you do what well you could try. to kill the right. bird you don't have to. go straight to yourself you know. no the blanket thing. oh yeah dude no uh try the blanket. i promise you it'll [music]. work was that a laugh that. you were going to. sip something and then yes dude. that papara [ __ ] the bird would like it they're playing the [ __ ] thing i found out what kind of bird. it was that came to. my house what i found out what kind of bird. it was that i heard you what. kind of bird oh a northern mocking. bird oh you said that. yeah well you didn't respond. i'm getting song mixed up. you don't you want to. know how okay keep going yeah. the blanket thing don't. you want to. know how i knew what kind of bird. it was you saw it i have an app for that. what i have an app that i put it up. to a bird and it tells me what. kind of bird it is. y it could be wrong. give me a pound on that. it tells you how likely it is that it's that what percent. was it that was 100%. it was a it was a mocking. i saw the bird. i was like is that and then i googled mocking. bird was that wow yeah i'm mixing. up two songs yer. day i thought so dude. that one that one is one. guys always play the park. in the violin try to. get money yeah the other one is he s away. oh yeah yeah those are different. yeah yes anyway yeah okay. which one did the birds. not like the first one. the annual one yeah but then also probably wouldn't like the other one. okay all right anyway next one. going on chris man my name is brandon. ring while he does this. on the last episode you were talking. about chris how you were waiting. to turn left you're w. so the car to. pass you so you could turn left. but last minute they turn. right so now you're pissed. cuz you could have gone that whole time. i get that cuz my scenario. is one of my biggest pet peeves. is when i pull up to. a fourway stop sign or twoway. whatever yeah there's another car. opposite of me they get to. their stop first yep so by law by. rules by rights they have the right. away yes right so they stop first and then i get to. my stop and they start to. wave me down go ahead. go ahead and i'm like no i know. my rights you go i know the law. and they're they're persistent no you go. you go and i'm like okay. fine i'll go i start going and then they pull out. and we both stop and now it's an awkward. standoff am i being dramatic. about this do i go in the first wave. or do i what go. by the i have a i know you when when you're driving mhm. the first wave it's over yep. that's it you don't there's no more. w too it gets too. muddled and confusing hey go ahead. i give up my right. away you don't give up your right. away for someone giving up. your right away that's it. okay okay you give i'm on. right right right yeah that person shouldn't even. give up the right away. i mean but if they decide to. okay well no it's annoying. all around if someone gets to. the stop the the law as he's saying the law. is whoever gets there first has the right. away if you get there. at the same time as someone else. it's the person to. the right exactly uh but if it's just directly ross. from you it's a twoway. stop sign it doesn't matter because you're facing them. and it does so unless you're going. left and the other person's going straight or vice. versa oh yeah in which case. it sounds like what that guy. was talking about in which case. the person going left doesn't get to. go the person going straight goes and all this. is entirely obvious now the person. that gets their first and waves [ __ ] that person just get there first and go you're wasting your agree i don't know if i'd say [ __ ] that person but yeah it's just like just go dude you're wasting everybody's time just you got there first and everyone knows yeah you can be polite though. once but it the second it. goes beyond that you're like all. right dude these people are [ __ ] both of them. d a fire i mean. took it so far after saying it. fire go directly to. hell yeah dude i um i hate. i hate that kind of [ __ ] but i agree if someone waves you they waving their they are whether you know the law or not the law. goes out the window. if someone's like come on yeah. not breaking the law. right by by right right. no i know the law. they like like they're trying to. set him up you know. i don't trust this. [ __ ] like just inment for no. reason yeah dude also i know this bothers you when i do this. but that guy had incredibly beautiful. eyes why' you do it because he did and it's when someone so did a guy before. that you didn't say anything. about it so it's like i guess. i didn't think that which guy. you don't even remember it. couldn't have been why do you talk. about people's eyes so much. because a lot of people have beautiful. eyes and it's good. to tell them about it. one time a guy had beautiful. lips and you got so mad. at me for saying that. but you never get mad. when i say a woman has a beautiful something. or other i think you're a homophobic. no it's because are you gay. it's because uh why is that. yeah it's worth examining right. thank you i think it's because i think you're i led you. to examine it thank you. i facilitated examination thank you. sounds kind of weird yeah facilitated. examination thank you all. right we want to. do another one or do you want. to figure out what the reason. is that bothers you no. i i think it's cuz it's just you do. it well you do it more with guys. oh let's do let's see let's from. here on forward we'll see. who's yeah please don't go back. and do a counting thing. no no i won't every episode. you know not you yeah rob go. back and count every episode i said something. you look beautiful okay what's going. on beau you guys have any super small. grammatical errors that get under your skin. it's not enough to. bring it up but it's just enough. to bother you uh i have a friend. who says uh how much m&m's. are there instead of how many oh that's or hey how's work. going work is going good instead. of work is going well just super small. stuff like that that gets under my skin. it's not enough to. bring it up um do you guys. have anything like that that just gets under your skin. or just bothers you a little bit. let me know yeah it works. going good i'll notice style. huh uh glasses are sick. luke perry the hexagon glasses. are sick no it's okay. okay for him yeah not for me. right um yeah i i there. are like the i know i always know well not always but i noticed the work's going. good i noticed that one. a lot but it doesn't bother. me that one doesn't bother. me um how much m&m's. is idiotic how much m&m's. uh yeah that that that. that that would bother. me but i wouldn't i probably wouldn't say anything. about it i might be like oh sa. faren like it was you. but how much m&m's. that bother me no but that wouldn't bother. me enough to. say something which is what he's talking. about right no yeah. right right right right should have instead of should have yeah. that's really common though. dude super common so many. people it's it's so dumb. cuz it's just straight up a different. word well it just doesn't make sense. though too um and then of is not something. and then there anthony does it and then there's probably anthony. does it and then there's uh and then there's um well other ones. too but that one. that one drives me nuts. bro yeah there are a lot. of them but i i don't know. if any of them bother. me enough to. say something like sometimes. you can tell when someone's doing the wrong. too when they're saying it. what when they sometimes. you could tell someone saying the wrong. to t o or t. o or t o. or t o how can you what do. you mean because you know. they're an idiot and they're just like yeah. same you know me. too and they're to. and you're like i mean to. the [ __ ] idiot uh i don't know if you can do that if they're just talking cuz it's the same sound but i got really good ears so stupid but yeah i don't know if there's any wow dad would think that's funny. grammatical it here's the thing. dude that bothers me. enough to be like hey you know. that that's wrong like that's so i'll make fun. of someone before i'm likely. to correct yeah but if i was saying. should have people do that so or supposedly well. that's just the wrong word. that's not even so he should have. but no i'm saying there's saying a word. that that's a word that doesn't exist. should of is the wrong word. fbi i've been telling you. forever i'm not really your brother. no but i just i i understand. but i just um yeah i supposedly you're just trading out. a a d for a b that's stupid. i know i know are you saying should have isn't a word. or should of is it. should have not should of right. but should have is fine. okay yeah but it's mostly honestly. when it's written out people write should o. or o wow should should hovie. baby and uh but but uh it's just a it's a i think i mean. most of the time if most of the time. i think if you're pointing out. written grammatical errors you're being hor cuz who really cares. it it's a comment on [ __ ] youtube. you know most of the time. um yeah maybe it's like the bottom level. i'm losing the argument oh yeah. well you misspelled your but so so you mean. when it's written out when people are talking to. me i'm way more forg forgiving because it's like people. always say the wrong. thing even when they're true. meant to say the right. but if you say if you if i notice you're saying should of yeah. i would tell you yo. just so you know you're doing. it wrong it should have not should of and i don't know. if you know you're doing it. but you would you're my brother. yes yeah i guess i guess i don't want you. to what if somebody else sees. it i want to. business it's different for me. when there's people are speaking. or when they're writing when they're writing and they say should of because what i think is sometimes. people know it's should have but when they're speaking. they might be saying should have should have is different. you know but yeah but yeah if you write. down should have you're just you don't. have a brain really yeah okay right. yeah yeah maybe that one's more. of a written one eating pizza eating pizza well. okay i'm going to. be in duth it's are you. going to be in duth twice. is that what that said. nope okay chris dot com. i'm going to be in duth i'm going. to be in lexington i'm going. to be in witch i'm going. to witch know the rest is a nation army. couldn't hold me back i thought you meant. the guitar part uh bont macallen these are all new dates london ontario peterboro ontario. uh yeah and then australia and new zealand. why does ontario love you. so much you ontario is a yeah. i i i yeah it's a good. town for comedy but i do a good city. for comedy but or actually it's a province yeah. whatever you call it. um but i i do well there yeah yeah i noticed and uh yeah. i don't know people get mad. every time cuz i do ontario. so much people are like come on man. why not just you know. calgary or whatever the [ __ ] that winnipeg yeah you know city though what's the what about uh toronto. right manitoba manitoba right you know edmonton right. alberta that's alberta come on. to alberta right. all right you know what i'm saying. yeah yeah yeah cool so so get the lifeline. luxury uh it's patreon dot com. lifeline luxury to. be more specific and don't forget still doing. that huh okay well let me know when you stop cu. i'll go back to. liking you more than i do. now can't you like me. already the must yeah the private. record all that [ __ ] mata dot com all that [ __ ] it uh lifeline merch at lifeline merch dot com all that shit dot com trying to. start a catchphrase going. to sell merch. all that shit dot com. thanks [music] everybody. dude 18 minutes i was recording. a voice note for for our. family oh my god if i sent it. imagine all right all right. there it is hello. hello hello will h hello hello hello 