 [music] runk hello. hello hello hello will hello hello we're rolling rolling rolling rolling oh keep rolling rolling. rolling rolling that's going to. be the whole show this. week hello uh everybody fans and foes alike. this is lifeline your favorite show. the most popular show. in america on tv or the internet. as you can see i'm here. alone there's no one in the chair. next to me you might have noticed chris. my brother chris is not here. uh and there's a reason for that. am i allowed to. say the reason yeah yeah uh he is at the hospital. having another baby actually kristen is. the one having the baby. chris is there spectating uh but yeah at the hospital. couldn't be here this week. there are more important things. believe it or not than lifeline. but this is episode 53 where did the time. go wow we doing this. just over a year damn. uh chris uh despite everything. that's going on with him. in his life is currently. on tour go to. chris ala dot com. to get tickets he may be coming to. your city uh i'm not going. to list the cities though. because i hate when he does. that uh if you have a question. for us on the show. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com and if you want a oneonone session. advice session with yours truly baba. baba pimping pimping that's me mattalia at. mata dot com uh book. your sessions now and also this. is not the new but we got the new new merando merchand. dasis merchan d most at the store. and it's [ __ ] pimping pimping that purple one is just so good i wear it all the time uh but i already wore it on an episode so i can't do it now so chris is having a second kid and that i was telling him this this is i i love cal so much obviously but i like already have a soft. spot for his unborn or who knows. maybe now born uh son. because i was the second born. and i've been thinking about like what it. means to be a second born. as this whole thing has been going. on and uh it's so so different. you have things easier because your parents have been around. the block um you get away. with [ __ ] murder but also at least in my case. the older brother by way of the fact that he can just just the fact that he can. speak there's this dynamic that gets established. that he's the one that is louder. and sort of more advanced and that. set me and chris on the path. of him always being the one. that just just would never shut the [ __ ] [ __ ] up and i kind of took a back. seat and laid back. comfortably and chilled and would let him get into. trouble but there's all these like different. dynamics that i'm really curious to. see um with his kids. especially what cal's going to. be like with a little bro. i can't wait to. see that uh my brother. spent and i can say this. cuz he's not here he spent a large. portion of my infant. d i guess pushing me. into like doorways like there's all these old home. videos of like we would. be running into. one room and then he was faster. obviously so he would like pass. me and in passing. me he would just like [ __ ] elbow me. into the door which was cool. there's one christmas morning. there's one video of us. on christmas morning. i was a little bit older. so i was my head. was at the height. of the doorknob and he. just bulldozes me in the doorway so rude. and [ __ ] does it like it's almost like so fluid it. looks graceful and maybe like he didn't mean. to but he definitely meant. to and he elbows me. directly in the door and i'm so happy. and smiley and i just go. and my head slams right. into it and i don't but dude. the best part is i don't miss a beat. usually i would stop and [ __ ] cry but it was christmas. and all our [ __ ] presents. were there so nothing was going. to stop me is this on. video that's on video that is actually on video. we should get that and make chris see. it do you think that bill. has digitized like i you know what i know. he has in fact that's why. i've seen that he digitized. so much [ __ ] uh s deeper. for chris but uh at his first marriage. mhm oh there was like all. this [ __ ] with the videos them as kids and sader uh sader. even though he's not here um yeah so he did that. and i now can tell the world. that he ruined my. life that's how he he ruined. my life by doing that. and i'll never forgive. him and yeah hope you're doing. well chris i'm sure everything's going great. can't wait to. see you again can't wait. to meet the second born. uh um let's just oh and also apologies for last. week i wasn't here had. co which was [ __ ]. cool dude how about when you know i this. is my first time i had co. when you know who gave it. to you you like want. to [ __ ] kill them dude. even though that's not true. of like the flu or a cold. you don't that's never been a part. of my life if i know who got me. sick i'm never like furious. with them but with co. now there's been this like crazy. threeyear shaming of like if you spread. it anywhere and i've picked up on that dude. and i spent the whole [ __ ] time so furious. at the guy who got me. sick [ __ ] julian calling you out. dude did you know. that no i yeah dude. he [ __ ] me julian you [ __ ] me dude. and you're lucky i don't tell people. your last name because they'd be coming. after you on my behalf. what's up are you. actually mad at julian. like how do you know. how do you know. was juli so the way. it worked i because he i was in a room. with him for two hours. and then the next morning. first thing he calls me. and says i wasn't obviously. positive but i woke. up feeling bad and i have co. then two days later i have covid so that's how that worked but the way. it worked was while i had covid. i w i wanted to. [ __ ] kill him but then when i got better that immediately went away. i i couldn't hang on at all. anymore to the fact. that i wanted to. break his neck and bury him 6. ft deep somewhere where nobody could ever find. him um but yeah so i'm back. and i'm stronger than ever. i think i i still sound. like a little nasally just a tiny. bit a little bit right. yeah well what are you gonna. do all right um i survived co. woo wooho okay let's do it. videos sure oh hey guys sorry. i am not there i can't be there. uh because uh kristen and i are in the hospital. and she's having our baby already ruined. it for for you guys uh i hope you're doing. well yeah i hope i'm doing well. honestly at this point because i'm doing the video here uh before that and um and i just hope i'm doing. well i hope i'm doing well. so when you watch us on the podcast. i hope i'm doing well. it's hard for men honestly. uh the the pr the labor. because man i have to. sleep in a lazy boy. and um she gets like a really great. bed and they cater to. her every need and i am i don't. you know i don't get that. i just get a lazy boy. and they go they go excuse. me sir when i'm in the way. so anyway matt i hope you're holding it down. like i i guess i know you are oh i guess. you'll be able to. meet your newed soon so uh yeah. i don't need advice thanks. you need see you dude. well well well there he was uh he's still doing. well we've been in touch a bit. um i don't want to. blow anything up i don't. want to ruin any [ __ ] surprises he might have so i'm not going to. say much of anything about it. but uh from what i've been hearing. so far so good uh how do you get a lazy. boy in the he doesn't have a [ __ ] lazy boy does. he i don't know what is a lazy. boy an easy chair just a lazy. guy like a little boy boy. that's just super super lonic job. um wow damn that seems like primo [ __ ] to. get a a lazy boy. usually just have like really uncomfortable. furniture in hospitals oh. oh yeah okay never mind. yeah okay that makes sense. yeah cool like grandpa chairs that's what. they are all right now. i know what a lazy boy. is all right let's get into. some real advices though. why don't we do okay. oh wow terrif so i have a quick. question um i have a friend. who is really funny and really awesome. i love her so much. but uh she hates my husband. and my husband doesn't really like her. either so every time like i call her. and stuff she's like oh have you left. him yet and i'm like wow. okay i don't like that i don't like that. but um the he doesn't like her. either you know they just kind of hate. each other and i really love having this. friend but also like sometimes. it feels like i have to. choose between like her friendship and my spouse. and i don't like that so i guess. my question is like do you remain. friends with a person like that or do you just put your spouse. first because that's what you're supposed. to do um but i want her. in my life okay that's all. oh wow the dip out damn. she did that good um well you're a lemon. first of all i don't know if you're aware. of that but you're a lemon. and uh i think well first of all look if you were going. to choose between the two. that's like that's not even a thing. you're obviously going to. choose your spouse and i'm assuming your friend knows that so unless there's some kind of ultimatum. coming from one way or the other i don't think anybody needs. to make any decision. like it's a given you're going. to go with your spouse. that being said it's not. that nothing should change because that if your friend. is doing that every single time. you talk to her. that is a shitty friend like unless she's just joking. and then she's just annoying. and you can ask her to. stop either way that's my point. ask her just be like hey i i don't know. if you're kidding even. if you do know she's not kidding. or if she is even if you know. the answer you could start with like i don't know. if you're kidding or if you're serious. but i know you don't really like him. that much but i'm also not ever. going to leave him. because you don't like him. so like maybe we can skip. that part of the conversation. every time we talk maybe you can not. talk ever loving [ __ ] about my [ __ ] husband you know what i'm saying um but yeah that's like uh is my i feel like if she does it that often maybe something's up like she has like unexamined feelings about him that are more than just like i don't like him because that's so i'm trying to. imagine a i'm trying to. imagine like say if a guy. friend of mine had a was married. to a woman i really really really didn't like i mean. that's that actually i i that's happened. it doesn't uh mean i'm going. to say hey dude i every time. i hang out with them. or even once probably i wouldn't even do. this hey dude your wife sucks. when are you going to. leave her like that is the rudest even beyond. it being rude it. just doesn't even like it's not. g to it's not. going to work because their spouse is their most important. person in their life so what your friend's. doing is just through and through top. to bottom turtles all the way. down being a huge female [ __ ] i can't. even imagine doing that to. i can't think of a scenario. like unless he's like a crazy. cheater or something and she's like you're you're better. off but that's not i don't that. wasn't even remotely implied right. so i don't think it's that. but yeah dude just dude. just tell your friend let your friend. know that you obviously clock. it every time she says it and that. you think it's just weird. if you make her feel like you think it's weird. she's more like likely to. stop than if you make her think it hurts. your feelings for some reason. people don't stop doing things when even for their friends. or family when they're asked not to. nicely because it hurts their feelings you're more likely to. get her to stop by making her. think you think what she's doing is like [ __ ] weird like and and and even like annoying. but not like don't it. sucks that she's like this. because you' rather just be straight for and say hey stop but it seems like she might be the kind of person. that needs a little extra. push to shut the [ __ ] up about that stuff. dude they say you're not even supposed. to do that to. people you know when people break. up yeah and then you you have this. tendency while you're consoling them. to say things like ah that person. sucked in totally yeah that. doesn't help well yeah you're not supposed. to because what if they get back. together and then and then you're like there's an op then. everything's [ __ ] up yeah but also like it doesn't help. the person it i understand. that in that situation you're trying. to be like oh it's positive. still like that wasn't good. for you but like at the same. time that person spent ostensibly. like years of their life. with that person and then there going. be like what you just [ __ ] didn't tell me. this whole time there's just no there's no winning. in that scenario so the friend should know this and the friend should stop asking for a number of reasons. maybe that makes the friend a good. person in that that through. that lens you know. what i'm saying but not every time. of course not one. and done if you have to. say something like if if it's dire mh and you really really need your friend to. know that you think they should look at and split. it and quit it is you should just say. you should you should preface it like. a long buildup and be like look i know this is not really and i don't want. toah and i'm never going to. say it again but i want you to. know that because i love you. and and respect you so much. as much as it. pains me to. say this is what i think about your partner. that's not what this. friend is doing at all this. friend's according to. the lemon woman every time. they speak imagine that dude. you can't be you can't be friends. with that person you can't be friends. with that person you got to. let them know and not out. of some like rule or respect. for your husband but because like that person's being shitty. as hell and friends. shouldn't be shitty as hell and that's just the bottom line. of friendship if the friend is shitty. as hell every time. you talk to that. friend they shouldn't be your friend. and maybe kind of already are not your friend. and that's my story i wonder why. the husband doesn't like the friend. yeah the husband must be in a situation. if the husband knows that's the case. which well now he does. i'm assuming he does. know that's [ __ ] so awkward also like help. help the help smooth. over the thing don't like make it worse. every time you bring it up. like that's your job as a friend. to make your friend's life. go a little easier a little smoother right. [ __ ] your friend all right next so happy so happy. hey what the [ __ ] what do. you think about um for guys. prostate [laughter] orgasms wow dude. that might be my favorite submission. ever wow he was i'm g. to play that having a prostate orgasm. when he did that he's literally i bet. he's actually having a prostate orgasm let's watch it again. just started just started what do you. think about um it's rising the intensity. is rising prostate orgasm and he just came so hard right at the end there when he says prostate orgas uh what do i th what do you think about f guys he says um well i think it's not a very expansive thought on the subject but from and i have to. say this i have to. preface it this way. from what i understand they're. like okay so m never happened. yeah pop the top off. your the top of your skull. and steam comes out cuz it feels. so [ __ ] good but um i can't actually speak from experience butts. like don't gross me. out but i'm good like i'm good without butts. butts in you know those. [ __ ] there are so many guys that are like oh i can't wait to. uh [ __ ] her in her butt. yeah you know what i mean. yeah and you're just like why. that's not better it's not better. first of all second of all it's not really. what sex is do you know. what i mean you prefer the vagina. yeah and i don't understand. anybody who doesn't obviously 2. gay men these these people. don't have a choice but uh in male female. relationships and i i i guess i should say unless like the woman. is really into. that specific specifically i'm chances. are i'm not going to. be mr butt guy. and again nothing against butts. i just i'm myself i'm not mr. butt guy that being said if there's a way. if you are mr. butt guy and if there's a way. for you to sort of capitalize. on that or maximize your mr. butt guy nature by having the prostate ticky wiki while you're going jizzy jizzy then definitely definitely do that or at least try it doesn't seem like an exact um an exact process though i feel like it's kind of like you got to. have the right uh you got to. have the touch you got to. have the finesse to. make that go down right. um but yeah i don't know. and i've only i've only even seriously. dated one woman who's like little miss. butt stuff and i again. wasn't put off by it. but it it wasn't it. didn't come natural to. me at all are you he's talking. about i'm i'm expanding it to. butt stuff though okay i know what he's talking about. but there's not much to. say besides i feel great. about him if you feel great. about him you know. what i'm saying i just don't have any experience. with them and from but whatever. i've heard from me guy. friends is that it's quite the jizm. experience you know it's like you see a movie. in a regular theater and you see a movie. in imax you have the imax. experience when you have an orgasm. it's like seeing a movie regular in the theater. but having a prostate orgasm is like having an imax jizm. right an imax so it's basically the imax. of jyms you should try. it i think if you're on the fence you should try. it all right if you have a partner. who's like was is willing to. take you there you should try. it that's what that's what you. should do anybody any. takers i'm not saying he's not saying. anthony have you that's said yes. dude you haven't three v three virgins. e all right well maybe not for long. if you're the person to. access my prostate and give me an orgasm. let me know you know. how to reach me. i think actually please don't do that. i'm not serious uh but yeah actually um the one just an anecdotally. uh that one woman who i dated. who was proper into. butt situations after we broke up. my in my next relationship my next serious. relationship my girlfriend at that time. found all these [ __ ] butt. plugs around my place and every time. i had to be like oh no. no that's not mine and i in my going. oh no no no that's not mine. i never felt more like a liar. even though i wasn't being a liar. do you know what i mean. so by like the third butt. plug i was just like i don't know. what to say anymore. you know also why was that. previous girlfriend hiding butt plugs all over my loft is the real question they were nice though they were like beed you know mh uh they one was a purple crystal did any of them have like tails on them uh yeah actually one did there dude the whole the butt plug thing is like whole. subculture dude butt plugs i don't really get it. i don't know see but i don't know butt. stuff i know butt plugs. do something exciting as hell. but i don't i'm i'm i'm limited. i'm i'm a i'm a rookie. i'm a limited i'm a limited. butt guy and i'm okay. with it i'm a limited. butt guy and i'm okay. with it and if you have a problem with it. you can take a hike. all right next first off. thank you guys for your content. we all love what you're doing. um i need moral guidance upon. meeting a significant other's parents. good thing chris is new they're coming. up this weekend to. visit us at school. or visit her but the thing. is i know i'm not in love. with this person i've been in love before. and i know this is just this. is just not there okay. um am i an [ __ ] for being willing to. meet her parents knowing i'm not in love with this. girl um i care about her. and i like spending time. with her and she's really cool. but i don't know am i am. i a dick no i don't. think you're a dick. i mean you i let's see how to. say this for no you're not being a dick. but you could if it was distracting. you like if you felt morally. as you put it uh like it's a morally. compromising thing to. do maybe and i don't really recommend. this but if you want to. you can talk to. the girl and say it could be a good. opportunity for you to. actually get your feelings clear. across to her as like with the you. know through the lens of under the opice. of like uh i'm should i really meet your parents. how serious are we like it. could be a good reason. to have that conversation if you're looking to. have it which i doubt. you're looking forward to. having that conversation but like at a certain point. if a relationship is far enough along and you sense. that the person you're with likes. you a lot more than you. into them it. at a certain point is. your responsibility to. put that out somehow without being a total [ __ ] [ __ ] it's hard to. do but it's it's definitely possible. what you don't want to. do is string someone along. the entire time and then blindside them. after you know you've wasted. a lot of their time and your own. time sorry i still got some co. coughs m but you're not a dick. if you just are going to. go hang out with a girl that you're kind of seeing and her parents like that's totally a normal. thing to do it's not. written in some manual that says you can only meet someone's parents. if you're serious about them. you know that's like 18th. century chivalry nonsense that's not that. doesn't really seem like a thing. in 2023 but um if you're having doubts. about it then maybe she's implied that it means something. really like important to. her in which case. again you should bring it up. and you shouldn't be a dick. about it you don't seem like a dick. uh but you know you you want to. lay it on easy. and bring it up. as like this sort of like practical thing. you know you want to. have it be as like high as as low. tension as possible um but yeah. just actually i would casually bring it. up with her dude if i was here's my thing. though i can't date. someone unless i know i could be with them. for the as long as the foreseeable future. is accessible in my mind. like i'm i'm really not and never have been interested. in like dating like dating isn't dating. in the sense of like yeah. i want a few dates. with that person want a few dates. with that person like that that is non. thing for me and always has been i end. up in long relationships or i'm. single that's there's never like dating. play in the field [ __ ]. like that that's confusing to. me because why would you be in a relationship. if it didn't have the potential to. last ostensibly forever so it looked like this. guy was in college though. and that is the agreed. upon time to. [ __ ] around in life. uh he had like a frat. flag behind his head uh so i'm a detective. so it's all good so i'm a pi um but yeah no i uh if you're going. to why are you dating. her if you're not that. into her like forget. meeting her parents why are you dating her. if everything's all good and you both. agree that this is how much you're both invested the relationship. and you've communicated that then whatever but like if you're not. into her and you think she likes. you more than you like her. and her parents like why are you even why. are you even doing it. at all you know. uh is my question so may. maybe you like her a little bit more. than you realize and just don't want to. but now i'm psychoanalyzing a scarecrow cuz what the [ __ ] do i know i don't have. enough information to. make that claim i'm just saying morally you. are not in the wrong if you go. meet her parents that being said why. would you want to. meet her parents and if you don't like her as much as she likes you that. might be the a good time. or a good reason to. bring that up because that is a good. thing to have out. in the open so i just gave you really. good advice here's the thing. if you don't take it sometimes. i don't think the advice. i give is like amazing. sometimes i think it's amazing. the advice i just gave is amazing. and if you don't take it. i'm going to hunt. you down and it and it won't be and it won't be uh it won't be pretty. for you okay that's my advice. right there take it next. i am just seeking advice. for being a 23yearold trying. to figure out life um i just got accepted into. a flight flight attendant training. program um that i am going to. go do but i've kind of done. a jumble of things ever since i graduated college. and i've had a hard. time really finding what it is. that i want to. do like i've literally been a teacher. i've been a recruiter i've been a bartender. now i'm going to go. be a flight attendant so kind of the jack of all. trades here but i guess just what's your advice. um when you guys were in your 20s. and how you kind of figured out. life and um anything would help. thanks guys okay. this is good i think it's uh an unhelpful. myth bas basically that. we should all find what. we're passionate about and do that. because that assumes everyone has a passion but that is not. fair or justified or that. doesn't mirror reality at all how many people do we all know who who whose job is is is what their passion. is in life like that's rare. it happens but that's not common. so this idea that we're all supposed. to find what we're passionate. about in life. and do that yeah if you're passionate. about something then try to. do that that makes sense but if you're like this. nice young woman and feeling. this sort of like pressure. from the outside in these external pressure. to like find out. what you're p find what you're. passionate about and do that she's like desperately looking for the thing. that she's passionate about and can't find it. so she keeps trying this. trying that trying that trying that that's fine. i mean you're 23. you're young you do whatever you want. for a long time you got many. years to figure it out. but don't feel so much. pressure to find a thing. that you're crazy passionate about settle and i don't mean. settle in life like throw in the towel but settling for something. that you're good at that provides you. with the means to. make a living is it's it's reward. it will be rewarding the rewards. let's say are rewarding enough. to make that a worthwhile thing. to to do in your life. like being a flight attendant it. might not be your passion but if you can get a good. position and you can make a ton. of money like that is a viable. career because then your success. at it will lead to. a kind of happiness and your passions. like they should be for everybody. for most people your passions lie. outside of what you do. for a living like this is a misconception. i think people have all across the [ __ ] world the passion it. look again if it ends. up being that you can pursue your passion. while making a living great. but everybody feeling a pressure. to find what they're passionate. about before they settle into. some career good [ __ ] luck and i'm not being pessimistic i'm just saying this. is the [ __ ] way it is find something that you're good at that. you can more than tolerate and that will also pay you and just do that. and over time you will build satisfaction. action and be proud of yourself. and you'll have money and thus time. to do things that you're [ __ ] passionate about occupational passion maybe one out of the 30. people i know or one out. of every 30 people i know is passionate. at at work like that's that's not even. like a think about it. dude think about all the people that you all. know everyone watching the show how many of them. are super passionate and fulfilled by. their job that's not something that we should be expecting in life. it's great if it comes. along you're lucky as [ __ ] if you get to. do it but that is not even. a realistic goal for most. people so don't feel like you have to. find something that you're passionate. about don't be crushed by. what the [ __ ] [ __ ] uh cliche world is trying to. force down your throat it's not realistic and you should certainly not feel bad. about not finding your passion. at least when it comes to. the workplace um yeah. also just to. come back to. this real quick you're 20. she said she was 23. right 23 years old. i think so yeah that's so young. and i'm not saying like i used to. hate it when i was that age. and people would like tell me to. slow down or whatever. because i wasn't where i wanted. to be in life. in my career whatever. but the reason everyone used to. say that to me is a good. one because like you don't get those. years back once you turn like in your mid30s. from that point on life. is just like basically [ __ ] same for everybody where you are now it's full of transition and mystery and potential and doubt. and excitement maybe passion but like that where you are. now to like maybe till you're 30. that's like the meat of life. just make sure you live it. don't be too distracted. by this like carrot that is constantly dangled. in front of your face. about finding your passion. and making a living at it. it's just not it's a [ __ ] lie. like a lot of other things. we were told as kids. but that is a [ __ ] harmful lie cuz there's a bunch of people out there thinking oh i hate my life. i hate my job i wish had something i was passionate. about cuz it's like so [ __ ] thick the ether you're supposed. to find your passion and make money at it. that's not a thing really so don't feel bad. if that's not your thing uh vote. for me that's my stump. speech uh yeah but 23. dude you're doing good all. those things she listed that she's done in life that's already more than i've done. in life and i'm [ __ ] 15. years older than you so congrats. on that point is. go easy on yourself take it be easy to. you be nice to. you don't feel [ __ ] like you're failing. because you haven't found your way. yet you're 23 oh my god me. at 23 you're good. you're good you're already thinking about all. this [ __ ] you're good all right. who we got matt up. oh wow need some advice for my brother. cuz he's 4 years older. than me i'm 23 so. it makes him about 27. he's been in college was in a fraternity and he always claims. that he has never been hung over. i've been hung over plenty of times. that [ __ ] sucks yeah and it just pisses me off every time he says and brings up that he's never been hung over because i just straight up don't believe it. yeah so how do i call him. out on his [ __ ] something funny to. say um any advice would be greatly. appreciated keep up with you doing guys thank you uh it's so weird. if that actually made him mad that. his brother says that you're saying it's weird. that he gets mad he said. it pisses me off. that he says he's never been you. know what i can relate. to that though because he's been hung over you know. right i mean it's possible. that your brother is misunderstands what a hangover. is like a hangover. isn't just one thing like i've had all different. kinds of hangovers i've had splitting. headaches i've been just dragging my feet. lethargic all day after drinking for a night prior. like there's a you get like sometimes. get the shakes and [ __ ] you know uh so i don't know if he's lying but he's a he say he's 27. if he drinks ever then he's been hung over. i don't give a [ __ ] what anybody says so. i kind of get why it. bothers him uh but dude. what you you should do. here's what you should do. actually because you're never going. to get him to. like admit it take him out. one night make up. something to celebrate or maybe his birthday's coming. up maybe something significant. for him is coming up and be like dude. i love you you're my brother. let's go out a night on the town. just me and you and everything's on me. i got it i want to. celebrate our relationship we don't spend. enough time together just let's do it. you go out and you [ __ ] get him so wasted. and you do the thing where it's like yeah. oh my god oh my god look over. there and you dump your drink. out drink for drink you're matching him. he doesn't know you've been dumping yours. and then you seem like you're not drunk. so he wants to. keep up he's like but he's feeling. super drunk and he's like well what why. isn't he he's not drunk. i must not be drunk. cuz when we're drunk we don't obviously think very clearly then. you you so you get him. so drunk he's like throwing up. and he's all over the place. you put him in bed. then you sit by his bed. in the morning and wait for him. to wake up and the second he opens his eyes. you get on his bed. and stand over him and point. in his face and yell i knew. you got hung over you [ __ ] you [ __ ] i knew you got hung over see and then you're the winner you know what i'm saying so manipulate him well here's the thing i i i i totally sympathize with the guy this the guy whose video that. was because it's so frustrating. when you know someone has experienced something. and they're insistent that it's not. true and it's like it you don't know there's no way. to know if they're lying. or if they're like uh misunderstanding what. a hangover like what the thing is you know what i mean. and i get being really really really frustrated. at that that's like a character. flaw in me like i can. relate to that it. shouldn't upset me that. kind of [ __ ] but it does because it's like dude. you're you're you're preventing us from bonding like you have had a hangover. so now let's talk about it. you know what i'm saying but this guy's like no. i never had one so you can't. even bond about it you know uh i remember when i was in 8th. grade i was hanging out with two. of my friends who who happened. to go to catholic. school they uh they went to. it was john and john yeah and brian then they both. went to the catholic. school uh so they were they weren't like goody. goody kids but like they were kind of more. repressed than we were at the [ __ ] public. school and uh i started talking about uh how i masturbate this was in eighth. grade okay and they both. at the very beginning. they were both like you do. what and i was like what do you mean. i do what like what what. are you asking and they were like what are you. saying you do and i was like what do you mean. like i take out my dick. and jerk it off and they were like what like you're weird. dude like what are you talking. about and i was like i was like in backwards. land cuz i was like what what what. it's not weird it's not gross. it's the best feeling in the world. and you guys have never done. it you know i was like losing my [ __ ] kind of and then slowly but surely like [ __ ] i was in like an interrogation room. you know and i was the detective. detective uh i got them both. to admit that they do it. too and they had crazy. stories they were like yeah i do it. in the shower like this. and i us to. do it my parents. [ __ ] when they weren't around i was just like yes dude i [ __ ] i cracked them yes we all jerk. off were you just doing seven. kevin detective yeah detective. i have a story you have a story yeah. okay let's do it. it's it it has to. do with masturbation but not. do you ever have a have you ever. had like the meaning of a word. like messed up for you. for a while because of circumstance. i'll explain yeah give me an example. i have a friend when i was young. like8 or nine um standing around. on the playground some. one of my friends. was telling a story about uh something. that they saw in the news. uh like a bad some thing. where uh some young. woman was found uh unconscious somewhere. was alive or whatever and he was like yeah. and guess what they found a pubic. hair in her mouth um w. and i was like whoa. yeah and then he said yeah. masturbation is what he said. who who who's he my friend. he said yeah masturbation. like he he said he used. the wrong word he told this. story and then he said he he was saying. yeah that's what masturbation. is and so i was like whoa. that's and so for i i don't know. how long i thought masturbation. was this thing where you knock someone. out and put a pube in their mouth. that's the worst practice ever. you know i just had this. had this supremely negative. connotation with masturbation i thought. it had to do with uh you know. assault or or right worse. doing something to. someone's mouth that they didn't. want unwillingly and i was like damn. masturbation is pretty bad that's upsetting. that yeah that's [ __ ] being a kid. is so bad it's so confusing. dude it sucks man. like especially if you're like an aware. kid and you're like you know. you know there's [ __ ] you don't know oh i [ __ ] hated that feeling. so much i just always wanted to. know what was going on. and being the youngest person. in my house being the youngest. person in my grade. every year i was always like i always felt like i was on the outside. looking in that way but um. yeah just so you know. that's not what masturbation. is though yeah that's not what i was. doing and that's not what i got those. kids in eighth grade to. admit to uh knocking people out. and putting pubic care. in their mouth that wasn't our thing. no but like that just to. get back to that your brother. does get hung over and you're right. to be annoyed that. he says he doesn't and you know. you you can do the thing. where you manipulate a hangover. for him which would be good. but you can also if you are are as good. as me with putting the pressure. on someone in an interrogation style. setting you can get him. to admit it if you're as slippery. slimy good as at at that. as i am uh but not everybody. can be so yeah i recommend. forcing the issue okay who's next. what uh alternate universe me. uh i have a question. um for you guys do you like let's say. you're walking down a a sidewalk. and then another dude is coming the opposite. direction toward you do you guys ever. find that kind of stressful. because i feel like it's some it's sort of a thing. where it's like you can't. be a little [ __ ] and like get run off. run off the sidewalk problem or like oh yeah huge you know have someone encroach on your space. like as a as a guy um i i just feel like with with dudes. it's like this energy of like like kind of get the [ __ ] out of my way. or like you kind of have to. hold your own it's like i'm not going. to scoot over for your [ __ ] ass do you guys ever feel that. all right peace bro you sincerely need help. like what the [ __ ] dude. like how in your own. [ __ ] like what was this. guy's childhood like you know. what i mean just like the most bullied kid. of all time no one's out there. trying to [ __ ] size you up. no one's out there. trying to s gauge whether they can. kick your ass or not. i would even go so far. to say that no one's out there. paying attention to. your path on the sidewalk. what you're doing is paying way. too much attention. to this i don't know how you got it. in your head that it's some kind of like naturally. occurring showdown when you're going. one way and another man. is coming at you and passing. you by like that's just that's normal. life on streets and sidewalks and other places. i don't think you need to. stress out i mean every once in a while there will be a guy who has that. energy who is like you don't want to. be in an alley. with alone you know what i mean. it's like that i get if you're sizing him. up and like trying to. make sure you're safe take the wide. route when they act [ __ ] crazy but like just like a a guy walking by me i've that you got to. you got to ease. up dude you got to. go easy on yourself because no one's thinking about fighting. in that situation uh what i will add to. that is that video is. possibly the most sader submission. we've had because that sounds so stressful. dude this guy's walking around. thinking about everybody wants to. kick his ass he's got to. be all puffed out and not be a [ __ ] and go around the like dude you're thinking about this too much everything's fine that guy whoever that guy is is not thinking the same things you are he doesn't want to. fight you he doesn't want to. [ __ ] make you think he's stronger than you he doesn't care about you at all uh so yeah i think have i had versions of that. experience yes but only when the guy is acting and very obviously potentially uh violent. or whatever kind of way. like if i don't if i don't size people up. as a threat then i generally don't pay. attention to them if they're strangers. uh but yeah i think s deeper. i think you need serious. help i think that uh just here's the other here's the real. thing though if you want to. talk about s that's what it. is that's like a really good. version of it like you're so in your head. about like other guys and like what they think about you. in in like a physical threat. sense like steeper swiitch and you did. it it's hard to. do both sher and s [ __ ] but in one f. swoop this guy comes in and takes this to. deeper a [ __ ] title belt so that's impressive. in a way uh but yeah dudee. relax no one cares about you in a good. way no one's trying. to do anything bad to. you and you don't need to. worry about guys walking past. you uh you need to. worry about other things that are real. and really affect your life. um but not that you know. we got one more mh. all right yeah let's do it. my name's eric i'm from salt. lake city i was seeking advice. on how to. to cope reconcile or just handle a sibling that's been addicted. to a certain thing um that's going. through rehab and been doing better. but obviously bl ships have been. strained and how to. slowly step toward getting a better relationship. um with that sibling uh you want. love so yeah hope you guys have some good words. and talk to you soon. wait i actually was listening. but i'm a little he's saying how do you can you play. it again actually sure my name's eric. i'm from salt lake city. i was seeking advice on how to. cope reconcile or just handle a sibling. that's been addicted to. a certain thing um that's going. through rehab and been doing better. but obviously rel ships have been. strained and how to. slowly step toward getting a better relationship. um with that sibling uh that. you want love so just supporting hope you guys. have addiction or yeah yeah. i think that you want. to make clear that you know. i think it's good with with anything. recovery whether it's addiction. or just even something like major surgery. any kind of thing like that. where like people take stock of their life and they look at it. and they are in a particularly. reflective place which i think is what one is is certainly a place. that you know people that are recently. sober find themselves in i i. think it's good to. talk to people like that while their mind. is sort of receptive. to it to. sort of be very open. and honest about where you're at in. terms of what you foresee as the potential. relationship working between you and in your case your sibling i think that more or less i would recommend. obviously in a different way. but to basically say what. you're saying on that video that you submitted. which is like obviously there's like some kind of contentiousness. in our past but you know. this seems like a great. opportunity for like a new. start and i would love to. reestablish our relationship in a way that is healthy. for both of us and i'm you know. really proud of you for finding. sobriety i know that can't be easy. in fact i know it's extremely hard. um but i want you to. know that like i'm not only here. for you if you need me. but like you know you're my whatever. brother or sister and as my brother. or sister whatever uh you're extremely important. to me and i would love to. be able to. have a relationship with you that. is not like it has been between. us in the past the past. is past while under the bridge. in as much as it possibly. can be now we start over. and how can we have a positive. relationship you want to. frame it as full of possibility. too like you really want it. to be forwardlooking and not even so much. an examination of where you guys. are at now but certainly not where you were. at before everything is forwardlooking. and if you frame it. that way forwardlooking and sort of hopeful. about that future uh i think that is the best. way to like start. piecing together piecing a. relationship back together again because that shit's hard dude. like people even if you forgive. and forget there's still that like lingering emotional. [ __ ] that is really really hard to. fully shed uh especially with family. it's just those ties run. so deep and it's really easy. to develop some legit sader. [ __ ] with family uh if you're not careful. too years go by. and suddenly it's like oh do i even know that. person uh but yeah that's tough but what i definitely also. know is that your sibling will. appreciate you doing this. again they're if they've just gotten so and they got like you know they're coming out. of it back into. the world like a reentry so to. speak i think they can use all the very like clearly supportive. people in their life uh they could use being told that. as much as you're willing to. say it uh the the sibling that you're talking. about the one who's newly sober. probably feels a lot of things like shame and many negative. things about him him. or herself and your job. your job can be to. help them not see things. negatively moving forward you know. uh i'm sure whoever you know. typically when there's a fractured. relationship and one of the people had an issue. with either drugs or alcohol uh it's probably going to. be that person who was the source. of the problems in the relationship. that's not to say you. were perfect i'm sure you were not because you're human. but uh the your sibling what i'm saying. is your sibling's probably dealing with more. guilt and shame and embarrassment whatever. than you are so be cognizant. of that but you don't need to. like really have kid. gloves just be hopeful. and forwardlooking like that's a lot. for someone who's down in the dumps. and it can mean a lot. uh to tell someone how much you mean. to them how much they mean. to you when in such a raw. sensitive place i mean i don't know. if i'm sure many of you have but to. to be around someone. who is newly sober with. anything whether it's drugs alcohol personal. [ __ ] uh gambling it's like the people are really really raw. afterwards and i think they can use the most like direct honest. care that you have to. give um but yeah shit's tough man. um i wish you luck that. shit's never easy but know that. it's even harder for that. your sibling so uh i i think it. would be wise to. open that dialogue to. have you open that. dialogue and take it from. there um yeah when's this. one coming out this. episode april 16th hey cool uh happy. april 16th everybody uh if you want those tickets to. see my brother he is still on. tour now uh get uh tickets. at chia dot com and if you have a question. for next week we'll both be here. and if you have a question. for us uh click the link. in the description below or go. to watch lifeline dot com also subscribe. to this channel subscribe subscribe. like and subscribe like and subs subscribe. like and subscribe um or if you want. a oneonone session with me. matt deia uh go to mata dot com and book one i dare you i [ __ ] dare you and the new new the new new new merch is in stock and it is [ __ ] pimping pimping you get it at lifeline merch dot com congratulations chris you're not here but congratulations anyway on your grow lovely and growing. family who knows maybe it's already one. person bigger right now uh thank you. to my loved ones. chris and anthony for producing such a lovely. show and making me look. so beautiful every single week. even though that's mostly my work. and um all right that's it. that's it woo woo. i love you thank you. bye hello hello [music] hello. hello hello hello hello hello 