 runk hello hello hello h hello hello hey guys it's october 13th happy. sunday the 13th stop what you're doing. right now and get lifeline. luxury patreon dot com luxury. it is on and in we got the live shows. on there and um you get uh extra we we we we do. two three episodes of lifeline. luxury which is just banta s two three. what does that mean. we do three two or three. we do three at least. baby baby baby uh how about this. how crazy is this. it's october 13th and it's episode. 131 not now simply not crazy. that is just crazy there. is not a 13 in that. except for 131 but that's 130. not 13 but if you're a student. of numerology like i am i'm. in i'm an i mean. i'll give you that if you're a student. of numerology okay fine okay. but anyway i'm going to. be in uh toronto. and bismar and sou. falls and uh then we have our lifeline. live show in oxar california get tickets. for that and then brea california. i will be in brea. california uh almost to. bring in the new year. here uh chris dot com. go get tickets so anyway if you have a question. leave it for us. in description or um the link. below and uh that's what it. is that's what's up you. want the merch you want the merch. go to lifeline merch dot com. get the yes got out of that. one merch it's new it's good. it's lovely it's comfortable you will. like it support the show. really is what it is. and you will support the show. um yeah so uh you know. i'm feeling good you know. having a i i have um white in my beard. mhm so do i yeah. i don't i i i i only want white in my beard. if i have white in my hair. and i don't i'm i'm starting. to get one or two. white hairs in my hair. and i want it to. be uh comparable and it's not and i i really don't like that that's interesting. do do you think that that's a weird. thing a weird thing well no i'm saying if you see somebody with a white. beard and not white hair. do you even register. it i immediately think like oh that. sucks i don't like the way. it looks it looks bad. i don't think i've ever thought that. once in the world yeah it's just a me. thing i noticed it i mean. you're noticing it is one. thing i know that's really it's the only person i noticed it. on like i've never thought. that once about you oh. okay so it's just okay. wow all right that's how little i see it. in other i just people look so much. better when they have all the same. color hair i've never even wow okay. a crazy person even considered. it i've only noticed it. myself and been like that's so weird. how how come i don't have gray. hair but i have almost a complet. be i think your face. goes first a for a lot. of people well clearly right. it's true of us at least. 100% of us yeah 100% but not even your mustache. really i have little gray. but more than i do in my hair. i don't have any gray. hairs but way more here. though yes and my neck. it's when it grows in. it's all white there is almost no yeah. weird and no and no but not chest or pubes. or anything like right my pubes are shocking red. wow yeah yeah like bright. red bright red yeah like carrot. top's head is in my wow yeah. uh no i have a couple gray. on my chest getting assassinated on my chest. uh rizza i have a couple great. on my chest okay it. wasn't honestly worth doing. it one time and he did it. three times i have great i'm my chest sometimes. all right bobby digital all. right so um what else we got what mean. we it's 3 minutes in what do. you mean what else we got what else. we got what else you got. for me i'll tell you right. now dude i'm back to. wearing big white baggy shirts. you know about that yeah. i know about that because you said were going. to be doing forgot the oakley's. at home but guess what i still got way. far on baby okay. i'm done i'm done okay. all right don henley. is that don henley. that's that's don who's the one. that they oh huie lewis. the hotter rock and roll. right so huie lewis. i thought was so awesome. when i was a kid. all right and then when i grew up. i realized that everyone thought he was like a laughing. stu yeah he was kind of a joke. but he was massive. hit though i know that's fine. but it's like but like have you ever. seen this this well who thought that. oh the biggest the biggest in the music. world like music snobs were like that. guy's a joke he's a he's a hack suck. he sucks you know isn't that isn't that. interesting i'm gonna i'm gonna fact. dude you gotta you got to. look at uh uh we are the world. michael jackson how he reacts. to huie lewis when he's singing. it's funny and then people made fun of him. because he was like the the song. that really went over the top. was um i think i can't remember what the the soul the song. about rock and roll was and he just mentions. all the cities at the end. and everyone's like he just everyone so everyone. in the city is like yeah. and he's just trying to. win everyone over and it sucks. the hot of rock and roll. is competing that's it right. and from what i've seen. i believe well that's a t diversion. but hard to. rock and roll hard to. rock and roll is compete 10 yeah in cleveland. right that's what he said and all the different. places though but that's in the song. how he starts boy. beloi yeah he probably gets to. booy yeah and upsala in canada. new york los angeles seattle. cleveland chicago dallas big ones. it's not like um baton rouge remember. the uh uh sir mix a lot. what's up tampa what's up. what's up miami what's up. yeah of course i remember that. st petersburg jump on it. jump on it was that different. than the area code song. yeah he loved locations everything. was about location that was ludicrous. but that was like in the 2000s. sir melot was 90. oh i'm just what's up. orando what's up yeah what's up. houston what's up minnesota j. b oh wow dude i i [ __ ] loved that song yeah yeah me too i'm gonna play it on the way home. how about that oh how about it. we didn't drive together but i'm gonna play. on just know that i'm listening. to it and i'm going. to really listen to. it good okay sounds great. no bloody guts the bloody. guts why are you saying that because the interior of oh of your car. is like bloody guts no my. my mercedes is bloody guts. okay okay it's got so why. did you say no what about what i said. like the interior of cars. blood guts and you say all of my cars. no the white car it's like the white. chocolate with the [ __ ] inside oh man. i know it's gross. that's disgusting dud probably bleep. that out but you know. what i mean right. but why did you bring up. hu lewis again oh cuz you were mixing. them h lewis and s mix a lot. what a deep in the we should bleep. that out it's the beginning. of the show what a playlist. but you know what i mean. when i say that right. i don't think so because it's white a white car. with the red interior what is. the have to. do with white chocolate oh okay. i'm in my i'm inside my. white girl right. cuz disgusting to. talk about it like that. disgusting to. talk about it like that. and it's all good what do. you say on the outside goose on the inside. no one goose on the outside. with the duck [ __ ] in it i mean you get so mad. at me for swearing in the first. 10 minutes i know we have. to bleep that out sorry i'm sorry. i shouldn't have done that. i i got loose with it but i think it's 5. minutes in and we're seven. or eight minutes in but goose [ __ ] with the duck. [ __ ] in it a goose [ __ ] duck [ __ ] sandwich is what my other car. is it's green and then brown. on the inside yes. and i got i got my white. girl and my and my goose [ __ ] sandwich. all right man well which one am i gonna take i don't know anything. i'll listen to. huie lewis in the white. girl and then i'll listen. to sir melot in the goose. [ __ ] sandwich okay let's move on from the least clever [laughter]. [ __ ] it's not yeah also what's goose [ __ ] like why do you know about is green and duck [ __ ] is brown oh okay so but a lot of i could say i'm taking the frog. today but it's not interesting. it's a little bit more. interesting than goose [ __ ] duck. [ __ ] goit duck is not sandwich. is so ill to. say it's so ill to. say it's disgusting cuz when you say sandwich. it makes you think about eating. it but it's gross. okay well so so i'll take my white. girl but why are you what it's white. with red inside okay. i get it man. you know cuz organs are red. yes i do know that. the inside of our bodies. is red yes and it for a yeah. or inside my i'm inside. my i take my white. guy i could be gay. about it but i don't care. about that i could be gay. about it you should say. white person i'm inside. my white guy but also why are you saying it's gay. it's inside of their body. i'm inside my white. homie that's what i'm in yeah but no i don't you know white person. i like it when it's feminine. though i'm inside my white. dude it's i think about this. sometimes why do people feminize. their boats and vehicles. so weird she's this they do that. with countries that's stupid what is that so that. that's why i'm going to. say from now on when i'm my mercedes i'm [ __ ] this white man yeah call it a guy like a like a there he is i'm getting to. from a white let's go. get to from the white. guy and we go in the car. oh we're getting sucked off by. a dude huh just completely we're just going. to taco bell you know. okay can we just go. to the you said we'. go to best buy. yeah the worst g now. what gay now it's just so devolving. you to the bathroom. come on oh my god anthony's. going to the bathroom. again it's 10 minutes in he can he couldn't wait another 15. seconds to get to. 10 minutes dude hey. you know what i realized lifeline. is a laxative to. him dude it's just it's how is it. always the first 10 minutes. i don't get it cuz because he doesn't think he has to. go then lifeline's a laxative unbelievable. that's unbelievable lifeline's a laxative to. you dying he's laugh and then started coughing he's going. to die in there. all right so let's start. it um let's get going. yeah hey matt and chris brit. from jersey i actually just got some mon. cle and i know you guys. are from the area. so i figured this. would be a good submission. because my issue is about shitty. drivers um it took me about an hour. to get here and i lost. track at how many times i lost. my [ __ ] on people and to. be clear i'm not like rolling down. my window and like screaming. at people or trying to. swerve them off the road. but the amount of times i got unbelievably pissed. off at people is not healthy. and my main issue is that when i'm sitting passenger and somebody else is driving and they start. to get annoyed or pissed. off i'm like calm down it's not worth. it me man but then the second i get behind the wheel. it's like i completely change as a person. and i'm out here mfing people's grandmas. with zero remorse and it's not good. um but i cannot for the life. of me figure out why i can't. just take my own advice. i don't know does this. happen to you guys am. i alone love you. guys let me know. your thought it's so uh what do you call. it uh identify with that. but it's we were literally talking about this. last episode when people are driving. they become maniacs who get mad at a [ __ ] drop of a feather it's crazy. how that goes like and my like i was saying. me too like i do it. too it's so you know. it's kind of like i noticed this. when i was a kid. first i noticed it about you you. were always such a bigger dick. when you were playing video. games yes yes after that everyone is such a dick. while they're playing video games. it's it's almost like when they're automatic pilot. brain is doing something same idea it's like they're just like they don't think as much about how they are being and they just they're so liable to. fly off the [ __ ] handle dude. so if i'm if i'm in a car with somebody. and they're driving like and and and they're like god this. guy this and that it's stressful. for me i don't like it. yeah me neither but if i'm in my goose. [ __ ] sandwich oops and i'm driving and i'm like this guy right and i'm i'm getting pissed i'm doing exactly. so you're being a hypocrite. really is what it is. yeah but what what is. that um it is weird. huh it is it is weird. how that happens. i am like that 100% uh it. must be a control thing. it must be a control. thing it must be a control. thing it must be how though i don't see i don't know i don't know it. just has to. do with you doing it. and then yeah but you don't think about it. it's so kneejerk you're just like oh [ __ ] this guy i know i know i know [ __ ] him what the what the [ __ ] is this guy doing [ __ ] you it's just like you turn into. [ __ ] andrew dice clay the minute. you get behind the wheel. how weird is it. how i think the reason. you're not like that in the past. is because you're you're first and foremost. worried about your safety. and you don't want someone. behind the wheel to. be a maniac maybe what you know. i'm g to. say something about this. the the the new jersey accent. that that much of it. like where it's like she's obviously. from new jersey she didn't. have that much of one. well i say and then maybe you won't say. that that much of one. where you know she's from. new jersey but it's not. overboard is that better that's what. i was going to. say sure yeah because you you can tell she from new jersey. i was trying to. okay no it's pretty light. but yeah you you could yeah it's not light. i thought it was light. it's not light i thought it. was light and the fact is is that it's not. light i thought it was light. but it's not i listened very closely. and my thoughts were this closely. enough then because it was like if we were in provo utah. and she came along you'd be like what the [ __ ] no it'd be like person's probably from new jersey. this is you would be like this. is uh luigi from mario. no i thought it was light. no it it wasn't light. though and and when someone has that much of it. that much light or not i instantly. feel a connection to. them because we grew up. that way isn't that weird. i don't know that [ __ ] person. that's weird yeah but you feel that. way too right no. of course you do we've talked about this. wait why you feel more. comfortable with somebody who's talking you. like this oh comfortable with them. yeah but i don't feel a connection. with them i guess that's what i mean. i don't feel like a connection. but like i feel comfortable. with them and like yeah i know how to. be around people guys like hey what the what's up. what's up that's better. than hey how's it going. well cuz i feel like i know how to. i instantly feel comfortable cuz i feel like i know how to. be around people like that yeah. toally totally isn't that weird [ __ ] and and that's that's why. people are racist okay. that's not why people are racist. because you don't know. you don't know you're scared. of what you don't know. dude yeah mhm yeah a lot. of black guys in new jersey. a lot of black guys in new jersey. so that means we do know. them that means i am not. racist because you've been exposed to. them and you're comfortable around. them exactly but you go you take somebody. who grew up in an area. where there's no black people right. they see black people when they get older. they they what mhm they [ __ ] their pants. [ __ ] their pants okay they could go like this uh uh uh and start crying they could do that i don't think that's common but it's possible. or you could or you. could you could be holding a tray. and you could be like this. and and all this stuff. could be shaking on the tray. a tray of food. and stuff like that's how they react. maybe if they saw maybe i don't think that that's black racist. and the milk's just and then all of a sudden. spilling over i'm so sorry. you know pasta's getting all over i'm just saying but anyway yeah. that's possible that's how racisms pretty unlikely but possible. um yeah so it's all good. all right yeah so we feel a kinship. with youe i i but i also do feel that way about the driving thing and i think that i would i don't know if most people are like that i just realize something i think it's weird when people don't say their name at the beginning of a video oh really yeah they should say their name so i can say hey nancy here's what i think i don't i don't think it's weird at all all right well go [ __ ] yourself why would you say your name so i could say hey nancy here's what you do hey hey brett hey barnaby hey barnacle i mean an alien that doesn't know human names i'm just trying to. okay i get it get the name. so i can give it more. personalized advice okay go ahead okay cult members hey matt hey chris so my girlfriend and i can't seem to. agree about how i should wear button downs. like this like to. be going going out but that's i think that the first button should always be left. undone otherwise you look. like you have a bit of a stick. up your ass and it just doesn't look. as good okay now to. me this has never actually been comfortable. i've never once in my life. thought this would be comfortable because the air. kind of hits my chest a little weirdly. and it feels a little bit. oddly revealing so i'd rather. button it up and furthermore i think she should actually see it. as sexier when i have this buttoned up because she knows that. i find that more comfortable. and i'm wearing it the way. that makes me feel comfortable rather. than wearing it like a fake way. to look sexy you him. please help us solve this. fashion dilemma thank you he's. a what what a sweet. couple he's he's right. he's right she's completely. right dude she's completely right. you look like a [ __ ] [ __ ] when you b like that that's very cute. you think it's sexier when it's like that. but in fact it's not. she didn't say anything about sexier. she said you look. like you have a stick. up your ass much. yeah she did he he said. he said i think she should think it's sexier. i don't think sexy ent equation for her. though okay it he should wear it how he wants i i by the way i think it looks better. all buttoned up okay oh i don't uh i think that's what i disagree. best is the way he does. it the third best is. one more button up but that's what he likes. the third best is the way. he does he wants to. do it yeah the way. he wants to. do is the worst way. arguably it really depends on the shirt. honestly sure really but if there's a general rule the way he wants it is the worst one i say it goes best second. best worst um but uh so you like it. buttoned all the way up to. the top button yeah okay. [ __ ] cholo yeah that's cholo [ __ ] fine okay no i'm not like that's just yeah higher. the buttons the downer the fool. yeah there you go. yeah that's right um the higher. the socks the downer the fool. that's so funny whoever thought of that. that's something yeah oh wow. i never thought of that. i never heard that i mean. yeah never thought of that. on my own okay um yeah he's right. because what he thinks is sexy. is sexy period god. because you are the man. dude that is so [ __ ] stupid that is the faest [ __ ] logic dude you're extending something way. too far it has no business. being extended that far all. right people being themselves. is attractive to. a point it's not attractive. beyond all taste that. everyone else has why do women. always want to. [ __ ] serial killers they don't well. at all but jeffrey dmer. couldn't get laid and he. was gay anyway. other serial killers kill. people specifically because they can't get laid. their whole [ __ ] life true. thank you but the lore. and afterwards women are always like gh. they were so hot explain. that no because that's not a [ __ ] thing all right. nobody after jeffrey dummer's executed goes you. know what jeffrey dummer was so hot. i wish i sucked him. to completion you're the most you've been so wrong. so many times you've never been more. wrong or just wildly off. based than you are right. now congratulations no dude oh man. you electrocuted jeffrey dmer damn. that sucks wish i could have. sucked him to. completion well inmates beat him up. and killed him out of retaliation. but oh yeah he died. in prison they beat him. up i'll never get to. suck him to. completion that's what chicks did. literally that day nope nope. nope he was gay oh. he can't okay well great. great oh they they gave him. the death penalty they. gave john wayne. gasy the death penalty great. he'll never deposit inside me. do you know how many women. thought john wayne. gasy was attractive i guarantee you. the answer is absolute zero. he's disgusting and fat and gross. he ted bundy. was attractive regardless of what he did. and i look like him. he was an attractive. guy he was not attractive. because he's a killer he attrative because he looks the way. he look women look a bad. boy what i'm saying anyway. your [ __ ] shir [ __ ] serial killer like a bad boy like yeah a guy who like rides a [ __ ] motorcycle just a guy who has his finger on the nuclear button to. end the world gets the most [ __ ] because he's the biggest bad boy. sweetie vladimir putin and donald trump. or joe biden i guess. i'll do it sweetie i'll do. it so not so not sexy. so incorrect wow the most incorrect. anyway he oh my god he should obviously if look he should do whatever. the [ __ ] he wants but if he's trying to. do what she likes if he's trying. to look good to. her which he should care. about cu essentially he's the only [ __ ] person that she he should care. about being attracted to. him because it's his [ __ ] partner button it the way she likes it and then you'll be banging or ranging the most cuz she finds that sex maybe maybe but but sometimes sometimes women and maybe men too but women don't they they they think they want something when in actuality they want the opposite sometimes but can we agree that sometimes yes then that how come oh when women are first getting in relationship. i love that he's like that. and then four years in they're like i if i would change one. thing and it's the thing you were attracted. to me about oh so now. what it's what you signed. up for sader the [ __ ] alltime record. of sader wow yeah dude. that's not this is what. you wanted you liked that i did. shows every [laughter] night so deeper. wow yeah button it the way. she wants man it's better. for everybody also it's better. for me because the way. you want to. button it [ __ ] sucks my ball i. wouldn't go that far dude. sucks my [ __ ] balos don't wear it the way you want looks like [ __ ] dick [ __ ] i mean just andrew dice cl su my mimos it looks like dick [ __ ] oh all right all right new one so close what's up wife line i need some advices uh my wife's best friend talks to. a lot of guys she really. only talks to guys for about 3 to. four weeks which is super annoying. because i have to. pretend to be their friends. and then they just disappear. damn for you she brought one. around 6 months ago. um he was kind of swed kind of annoying. so i was sck and just ignored. him okay of course this. is the guy she has up dating for. six months we tried. to set up a double. date with him and he said he doesn't feels safe. around me and doesn't want to. be anywhere near me safe um which is crazy. because i'm under 6ot which means i'll talk every time. i go out in public. cause a big problem. in their friendship then i need help. that was funny that is funny. that is a good submission. dude this this king we in [ __ ] oakleys. of course he's scared. of you he's intimidated he do. you don't look like you can't. you don't look like you're not intimidated. you're the man dude. you got i mean you know. yeah you look you look. healthy and you're the man. and so what i would say. is that's funny but that's what the [ __ ] what who is this. guy grown man after having one spending one night around another guy who's like not like being super nice to. him next time he's potentially going. to be around him. he like i don't feel safe around. him like what i don't. this girl's got the worst. tasting guys i don't feel safe around him. if that's honestly what he said. that is absolutely crazy. don't even believe well i here's what i think. you know cuz sometimes women. embellish here we go but if she said that that's what he said when it's not. what he said right. but let's just game of telephone. i also find it you really want. the game of telephone to. change if you want a bunch of women. to play then the game of telephone. will change i also find it. hard to believe that the guy. said that but let's just say that's what he said. because that's what the submission. says okay okay sure yeah well then you basically. call that dude and you threaten. him wow and you say hey buck. up [ __ ] her let's go get a drink i just no tell her like look bring him. around tell them to. get over it whatever and then when you see. him just like laugh and be like dude. what do you mean. you don't feel safe around me. like what are you talking. about and be laughing. but you or be like this. dude your girlfriend she's always bringing dudes by i have no idea. who she's going to. suck off from week. to week i didn't know you. yeah exactly yeah yeah anyway. yeah let's go grab a beer. yeah there you go. ss off a lot of guys. yeah that's pretty much it. yeah that's crazy though imagine saying that. about a guy wow weird. just saying that about a guy. to someone so then they know how weak you are. pretty qu well he didn't. say to him. right no to. someone i said he said it. to his girl it's even worse. to admit that to. your [ __ ] new girlfriend hold on let me just do it like this let me do it like this. though there's a difference between i don't i don't feel i don't feel safe. around that guy and you know. i it's like i don't feel safe around. that guy yeah sure yeah completely different still. those are extreme words i think the right. response is i don't want to. be around that guy he [ __ ] sucks did you see my rolodex. of acting chops right. there that was really good yeah. congratulations man thank you uh all right. let's do another one. hey guys i love you. guys so much the most a i got to. know when the um jok started on patreon. i don't know if it matters. 391 congratulations making fun of craigslist. post on two of them. at the end you make jokes. about what they say. like one of them you go. 54 um and the other one you go. i cool and i got like please get into. uh when you started that. that's my favorite man. dude i love you. guys thank you you're the man. dude thanks dude you got to. you have a sh you should be on the [ __ ] radio. that voice is so smooth. you should be on the radio. or next to. winnie the post so. it's dude um what's e. ee's the well donkey guy so um yeah that people love. that what did we call. we called it something recently. and i can't remember what it. was and we were like that's a perfect. thing to to. call it anyway whatever oh you remember but that wasn't that. that was about something else though. it's about the non secor thing. the um yeah but that no that's what he's talking. about the non seer. thing oh why is he saying. calling it the um thing. then the um thing is different. well the um thing is something. like moving on um but no i think he's talking about us. being like oh no lady. clutching her pearls when when when i'm doing this i i don't think no i think he's talking about just you saying. yeah i think that too and maybe the kind of thing. that would sometimes it crosses. over though sure it does but the um is a specific thing unto. itself yeah but if i'm like blind. um yeah that's what he means. that's what i'm saying but that's what i'm saying. that's what that is it. doesn't but that's but that's that's not the even. example he gave anyway kenny power z. right the same thing right. but you don't always always do it. after the nonse like it's not the same. thing you don't always do um after the nonse. i have a feeling he's a little confused. why are you putting that on him. you're deciding he's confused. when he's not being confusing okay. so he just like okay. we'll take it the um thing. then the um thing started goes back. forever way back we were in high school. oh yeah yeah exactly yeah that was with. mike stevens yeah mike stevens and i mean that was just um we would just okay um yeah yeah. that's how it would start yeah. we okay so yeah um is different. than the nonse it was basically to. indicate it's started as a way to. indicate some kind of discomfort and drawing. attention to it and then quickly. like the um indicating like some okay. we're moving on i was [ __ ] weird quintessential. was um feel uncomfortable um that right. it's quintessential yeah did did any of it. come from conan charlie. rose charlie rose no no no no no con it did not come from i know. who he he does a version. of it for sure what does he do. yeah but it was before. conan for sure okay 100% conan did do that sometimes yes and when he did that i was like that's funny. that's what mike stevens and i and we do. what does he do. he does that he'll go. um he'll just do it oh oh it's it's something. yeah like he'll be talking to. a hot woman or like she's seducing. he'll be like i'm sweating. now um oh oh oh that that's that's the same. thing very simp yeah. hot women talk to. me too but i like that. example uh so anyway uh yes that's where that comes from. if you're talking about the non secer. thing which you clearly want. to talk about i you're right. i put that on you you may. not be talking about that. but you're talking about like when you uh like drun. oh yeah i mean didn't say. a single word right. now but yeah but uh that started when did. that that started probably we were i was in my early. 20s yeah that wasn't that. long after that the all of it's been around. so long almost none of it. is like new no it's no. none of it's new yeah. yeah wow it is it. is long so that's the story of um the long. arm of um the long. arm of um dude we would read. you'd have to read that in uh high school. and you'd get and [ __ ] you'd skim. it and then you'd do the test. and you'd get a [ __ ] d dude bless me. ultima remember bless me. ultima oh [ __ ] yeah the the [ __ ] cover was stupid chingada was in there i remember everyone was like oh my god it's a spanish swear. word it was like oh whoa. whoa she said [ __ ] but it was in spanish. so it's okay look up. bless me you read bless me. al i we didn't have to. oh really yep interesting we had to. read the eyes were watching. god i mean we all had to. read more than one. book but okay well i read one. there we go that's the one. i had the purple. that's not the that's not the those aren't the book. covers i know oh yeah the purple. one you said you didn't have to. read it i don't know why i'm probably thinking of a different. book i read i don't remember. this at all okay. anyway bless me um t bless me. tim um okay all right. uh that's good anyway next. one hey guys i just hopped on really. quick just to. uh let you know that. what we mean when you've saved. our lives is like chris you're right. like when we're super low and we don't think anything in life. could get better and you know. we want to. yeah gotta you know. ye ourselves um yes you definitely put a smile on our. face you and matt um and i cuz i know that that's happened. to me so i'm forever. grateful and um yeah if you ever stopped doing your podcast i'm going to. kill myself wow okay. well thank you for saying that. and thanks for being very clear. about it so we know. uh could you could you imagine if that's what. it was they stopped that was the most genuine i've ever. laughed at a submission. [ __ ] funny i would say so yeah well there was no remember not the hardest but the most like wow that caught me off caught me off guard yeah. yeah yeah maybe the hardest we laugh. was the guy who's drunk. oh was you couldn't understand. a word he was saying the dude. the guy with the french oh yeah. no it was the guy. asking about the the knob on. the car no but we laughed. at that because of what we were saying. yeah right yeah yeah yeah yeah i think it was the the guy. who was pen pals with the french. girl yes yes that was the first episode. one of them and then he follow. it could have been one. it was the guy with the with the tooth. tooth brush with a yeah that's what it. was that's right no's right. number one hands down. anthony's righton so i have something that's annoying. uh has our toth that guy. right that guy was unreal. that guy was but this was the most offguard. yes you're right um okay even that. clip went like millions of views. that [ __ ] toothbrush clip oh did it i don't remember instagram. yeah um it was oh yeah. it did get pretty up there. yeah it was so funny. anyway um uh we're getting deep in the weeds. here but that's that's that's sweet. all right we won't stop we won't stop to. save your life yeah keep your life. going you seem cool. uh she does she's also called. in before i think i don't i didn't. recognize her i recognize. something anyway um that is great. i do love i i gotta tell you man. i love this podcast. yeah me too and it's weird. to me that i don't know. what's going on but it's not like like there's other podcasts. that are like like bad friends. take bad friends like that's that's a good podcast. those guys are funny. but they're funny i haven't seen either. but i know the guys. right so like uh it's that we're we're good like that. you you know you say we're better. or as good or just under or whatever. but like subjective anyway of course yeah. but like dude this is it. because you know why. this is cult [ __ ] bro that's why meaning you know like a this this would be the this is the cult. classic of podcast dude. ah interesting just got something rammed. inserted into your butt. so deeply and it was so freezing. i just i simply can't. believe how much my contacts. are annoying me right. now hang on learning. english keep going i simply. cannot believe how much my contacts. are bothering me right. now at the glass his place. look what i found though. look what i a magician. look what i found a magician. [ __ ] dude hang on wow so [ __ ] dudee heyy hey hey hey [ __ ] look what i found though dude i mean i lost him remember oh you found him right co all right cool all right now we're back in business baby. all right well let's go. to the next one. yep hey guys jd v jd [ __ ] hey guys what do you guys. think of my debate. performance on uh on october 1st. uh like every okay hey guys fan. of the show my name is chris. with a k and i feel like every time. i have to put my name. down somewhere someone ask what. it is i always have to. specify it's chris with a k or else they're going. to put down chris with a ch. um my question is is this. just something i'm burdened by. uh should i change my name. should i wear a name tag. all the time that says my name wow. that be gangster so my question. is just how can i go about. not having to explain it. every time for me. and for other people out there. i've ever seen in my life. uh non such generic name. never stops lotioning them thanks anyway. got to go lotion my hands let me. say something about this. guy wakes up in the morning. grabs the barbasol yeah put in his hand. puts it together goes. like this gets his razor goes. like this and then he's done. shaving for the day. pull pull him up again was it. really like cut off. or it's got so much chest hair. so much beard and no hair. right here and that's how he shaves. wow interesting y he's actually. a wolf he just shaves. this part oh oh wow. dude that's amazing okay. okay uh but yeah i think the uh i think the name. tag thing is truly baller. if you wanted to. do that k r. i s for a man. is crazy it's no. it's krs1 you know uh i think that you spell my name. kr s i think the way you gotta do it. is just to. be like i'm chris with a k. chris with a k i know. it sucks my parents. [ __ ] me anyway well you leave that part out but you say the first part like you're going to. say that part like you're pissed how about chris with a k. chris with a k yeah. what's your name chris with a k. no so uh one time. i was listening to. back when the radio was prevalent. you know a long time. ago yeah yeah like there was no. what i mean is there's no xm. yeah yeah i was driving. i was remember i was close. to jack in the box. okay i was driving to. foothill boulevard okay it in laata. yeah and in laata yeah. and um somebody and and and the ks there's a ks1 song. that go he was the [ __ ] huh. damn really great he he there's a song where he goes. um [ __ ] school okay and that that happened and it was after school and everyone went who oh oh on the radio. and they're like oh we played. the wrong version oh my god. is that funny wow. i've never heard that i know. that never happen we always play. the like this right. after school we messed up. we played the we didn't mean. to okay is that funny yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i don't and i and you made it. up no congrats man you know. what's funny is if somebody told me that i don't know if i believe them. do that i don't like when people kneejerk don't believe. people's absolutely meaningless stories that. story you do this he does. this you know why [ __ ] lie. who no but about this kind of [ __ ] who cares. believe the story it's more fun to. believe that that story it's not like somebody's talking about. like some [ __ ] i get it. current political thing that's important. you don't want people to. lie about that [ __ ] but it doesn't matter if somebody's lying about something that happened 199 [ __ ] three on the radio after school one day [ __ ] okay okay next what's that from my [laughter] [music] life exclusively my life exclusively my life that's great right hey guys i just have quick go back the first still so what so what dr oh wow that's funny still i was going to. say i was going. to say just the most pleasant. person in the world yeah i mean. she probably is but drunk. right there so drunk. right there yeah for sure. hey guys i just have quick. advice for the australian woman from last. episode who doesn't know what to. say to the friend. that keeps texting her um i had to. deal with this recently. and i think her best. bet is to um text. her and say hey i don't see us. being close friends right. now um and i know that's upsetting. i'm sorry um i think we're just drifting. apart and we're really different. and i wish you all the best. and then don't respond. after that you're done and you don't have to. deal with the stress of her texting you that's so [ __ ] baller every month you're not a liar you've told the truth. and you're always going to. be sedic in this. situation like chris said so yeah. true you might as well be honest. okay that's it cute. ah dude look honestly. for women i think that that would work. much better than for men. if if a man did that to. a man that person would have to. lock his [ __ ] doors at night. and get a dead bolt because that [ __ ] is gonna be soon. dude yeah yeah that's that's that. is a very love talking like all. of it out bro. they love being direct and communicating and getting. it done dude well guys like being direct some guys are lot. of guys do anything but to. hit the thing on the head. true true true any or anything to. have to like be forced into. what look how close his mouth. is getting you're doing it. again [ __ ] no he so i'll describe it. again i know it's the same. it's a different episode i'm sorry. he goes too low he's eating. during the episode which is fine. he he get he has a whole appendage. here dude yeah and he he gets the fork. and then he moves. his whole body up i know. what he's doing and you don't think. that that's weird no wow. dude bro who cares. he doesn't want to. get it all over himself. it's because i'm wearing a white. shirt oh wearing a white shirt. again i know but i know but but but why don't you just do. this uh why moreover why does it. bother you oh why why. does it bother you. that he doesn't do that it. doesn't bother me it's [laughter]. astonishing it's like seeing that is truly. like being in alaska on a cruise. ship and looking out and seeing oh just seeing alaska un. glacier's [laughter] just that's what that's like to. me that's crazy that it's that crazy. that's crazy what's the craziest. of all of it is how crazy it. is to you truly truly i mean. i i you know okay. i okay so upset. you don't just crying roing mad. you know so you would you would def. you would track that and you would see that. and you would think you that. is i would think oh s [ __ ] but i wouldn't i wouldn't be like i can't. believe he's doing it's astonishing you know. i feel like i've probably done. that before where you're like yeah. i've definitely done that. where you're like yeah but when you after you do it. a few times you're like what. am i doing like a chip have. a whole arm with like a like that. i'm dipping into something i. will lean forward get bro. hey do like this. definitely sub [ __ ] no that is also subit you kidding. me like this dude. like just that's so [ __ ] dude there's no way around the bitchiness. it's just yeah he is saying the burrito. he has is very sloppy he did. say that he mentioned that he did. mention that so he has a in his defense. sloppy bj okay. all right next what's up. cson m big fan of the bot. so my question is do you guys. ever to run. into the situation where you're in. a discussion with someone and you're trying. to think of a word. to describe something but it's alluding. you in the moment and all you could. start thinking about is how dumb you. look trying to think of that. word rather than actually thinking of the word. itself don't think that part or trying to. describe it a different way uh and you kind of get into. this like flustered brain. fog steve i run into. this problem a lot and i was wondering if you guys have any in moves. or if you have run. into this and how you if you've encountered this like see it. just happened right there and how you guys. handle it thanks what did. you say right there see it. just happened right there oh um this. happened to me the other day. i hate it when it happens. about a word i can't. remember the word of but i don't think i look so stupid. it happens to everybody. yeah i i think the same. thing you do yeah the it was a word. that was so regular it's always it's a word. sometimes that's just regular sometimes it's just yeah. it wasn't like dog but it was like you know something. like be so oh [ __ ] i'd be worried about someone if they couldn't think of the word dog imagine well that means you have a [ __ ] yeah they're like uh they're like they got hair they're always in everybody's house they're like pets they're like they slobber and you're just like [ __ ] dog like yes dog yes you got to. go to the hospital cousin. it no no no it's way. more common than cousin. it almost everyone has one four legs. um that that my friend's uncle. had a brain tumor and they the reason why they found out is because he was like couldn't think of what a spider was called. he was talking about a spider. oh specifically really w. um was the word it. was like it was like a word. like aggressive or something where i was like what's the word. it was like too easy. and i i was like this. is crazy i couldn't think about it. for so long and then i did and i got out. of it and i go yes got that. one the worst for me. is when it's the i know. it's the exact right. word well that was what this. was too as well yes and i know i know the word i know. i've used the word i know. i like the word i know. it's perfect and it's like i could get i can. approximate it with like a sentence. or a phrase but i don't want that. right right right i want the word. that i know right. right where's the word. that i know it's in my brain. i only have one i know it's in there. when i think of it. later it's not going to. be [ __ ] right an over computer an overworked computer it's going to. be too late yeah yeah yeah yeah i understand. i'm going to put my nose. things in cu i can't [ __ ] breathe right. now i mean just you're going. to have so many things you have your glasses. your contacts your nose. thing you're going to. have like [ __ ] ear you know pry matter of time. yeah i feel so much. better hey someone out there. will you buy me. that thing that you hold. and you point it. like a gun at someone at someone while they're talking. a gun and yeah it looks like a gun no but you point. it you it attaches to. headphones and you it makes you hear them. i want that wait what is. it like it's a thing. spy thing yeah spy gear. micophone satellite i don't hear any. i can't wait till calvin. gets old enough to. where he's taller so. his mouth isn't so far away. right dude i'm walking to. school he's just what what i'm. like this i'm getting such a dad. you know what what can you speak. up a little bit and then he's just like yeah. chocolate i had chocolate and you're like oh that. doesn't matter well everything. he says doesn't matter he's four. you know but i want that. gun thing to. hear st cuz i already. spy on my neighbors i can. see everything that they do i got binoculars i got the really. high powered binoculars i see. exactly into their. window i see what they're doing. i just can't hear them. and i want to. be able to. hear them too so so. i'd have the binoculars and i'd have the gun. and i'd be pointing the gun. and i'd have headphones on. and i would be so perfect yeah ex. just they're right next to. me and [ __ ] like 10 yards away yeah look at okay that's you yeah dude get me that someone out there who cares about wow it has an actual binoculars on it. that's crazy oh [ __ ] that's an allinone. allinone bro wow what if you went. to rob a bank with that. all right i want all the money. you think they give it to. you no well maybe it's scary. they're probably they're instructed to. do that 60% would give. you all the money in the bank. they're instructed to roll. over they're not instructed to. like tell you no or whatever. hey is that a real gun. no wait a that's one. of those ones you point. out so you can hear people dude. look how baller was it. called spy listing device oh wow. doing a whole bit wasn't even. paying attention i was wrong. it was the 40% it. wasn't a soner one. it was a revolver. it looked it looked like one. of those things that dogs. have when they when they get out. of hotpot surgery it. does look like that. so they can't so they can't bite they affected. it's called a cone you know. yeah but it's way. fun to describe it when you're dying. at a [ __ ] bank because you got shot because you thought it was a [ __ ] spy lising device and real and reality it's a it's a revolver so you're trying to. think of what the dog. is in the hot spot dude. said so many more words. than you planned on saying with the amount of breath you had in your lungs like so many more words came. to you dude i hate when that happens. and then keep going and going. and going yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you only have room. for like eight words you. end up saying 25 mh mhm. all right okay who's next. what's going repeat caller. but i have another one. i need an answer to. this guy help me out when you guys go on vacation. hotel air banb stay chris you're on the road. all the time do you guys. fully unpack no and put clothes. or shirts on hangers pants and drawers someone who lives out. of your luggage so i unpack. it makes it feel more homey. it makes everything easier to. find i have a friend who preplans. fits or outfits so he'll take a pair. of pants he'll take a shirt. and he'll roll them. up and put them individually in the suitcase. yeah i have weird friends. it is what it is let me. know what you guys think. matt next time you're in chicago. we have to have beer. let's do it i wish i knew where those glasses. were from uh so i've done. that i've unpacked one time. once one one time i mean. i've definitely done it a hand. of times five or 10. but i i usually keep things. in my bag unless it's like it's get it'll get really [ __ ] wrinkled and i need it to. not be wrinkled cu i'm not going. to be ironing something in a hotel. might take one or two. things out but you you take i'm saying yeah. i i just uh it it's i my the guy. lenoi he used to. open for me he would do it. every time we be there. for one night oh wow. i'm like bro this is crazy. and he was like why. don't you [ __ ] take the thing. i'm like i think most people don't of all. people to do that. you think he not no he's got that. though and it's like um so i i don't unpack. never i never do you know. i never do yeah i don't really get it. again unless it's specific. item of clothing that needs so not. your home it's that it's just like let's just get through. this also the reason. he gave it feels. more homey who gives a [ __ ] you're not home. that's the whole point yeah. you don't want to. be home when you're on vacation. maybe if you're on vacation you want the and you're there for like a week. yeah if you're there for over. a week two weeks. of course then definitely but if you're just it's like a little quick. trip no [ __ ] that yeah it's like you're moving almost yeah [ __ ] that this guy likes moving all right we solved that one all right next [ __ ] brian c hey fellas what's going on long time listener firsttime video submitter the issue that i've got is have a 10 almost 11year old son sweetest boy um still wants to. hold his daddy's hand in public. which uh don't get me. wrong love it my daddy. never held my hand in. s deeper but um i had a conversation. with him the other day. and i said buddy. don't you think that maybe you're getting. just a little bit old. uh to hold to. hold your daddy's hand in public. and he said well what do. you mean and i and i go well. do you see any other boys. your age that are holding. their daddy's hands and he said well. no so i thought so i said to. him well did you think that maybe that's an indicator that. you're getting a little bit too. old to hold your daddy's hand. and he said well i don't know. what do you think and i said well. i mean if you go to. hold your daddy's hand daddy's not going. to sweat your hand away. but at the same time. daddy doesn't want to. hold you back becom a man. or scoring the babes to. he said yeah i understand. so uh seemed a little bit upset. about it thought i would try. to get some other uh male advice. uh chris having a son. thought that maybe you could really. to it in some way. so any any advice that you guys could could offer up would be greatly. appreciated and uh keep creating the fantastic. content love you guys byee thank you. very much that is a very interesting. question i will never stop it. he'll can be 35 i don't care. i'll be 90 i don't give a f. it's not like he's 19. like and and frankly he's not going. to be holding your hand. when he's 13 so why. bother yeah that's a good. point who cares that's a good. point's he's just going. to stop at some point. yeah let your kid do it. let your kid decide enjoy the handholding. you must like it you must like it. well maybe he doesn't maybe i love it. i i mean my some read. from my hand i go. you i can't billy does. now and it's just like i'm like man. yeah you know till the wheels. fall off dude yeah why not gonna stop might as well. continue it as long as you can he wants. start holding dad's hand for him. nice i i hold both. of dad's hands when we walk he hold. we we're like this side. by side oh really no he's he's walking backwards yeah that's how we do that um huh. interesting pretty cool yeah. i it's so it's so sweet. that's cute yeah i get where he's coming. from but i don't think it's necessary. i i get where he's coming. from you don't i think the fear is. you don't want your son. to have other kids think he's yes and i understand. that because that can affect him. yeah maybe his son's having a hard. time making friends or something and like he thinks that's an indicator of why. maybe thinks he's too attached. to his parents there's a number of reasons. it could be but i think [ __ ] it it's going. to happen anyway he's not holding your hand. when he's 13 14. so [ __ ] it yeah it's awesome. you have that relationship with them. honestly yeah yeah cool all right. next one hey chris mat. just wanted to. say yo mt thanks. again for this whole advice. i don't know if you remember me. but course yeah no i'm never seen. that jack off guy. ever again um yes living a single life. got this fresh haircut. feeling fresh y no for real. um i just like recently. was in the situation where i felt. really annoyed because basically there's this sushi. place around my place and i love it i been going there all these years it's kind of like my you know place. i just like the sushi i don't know. and then i don't know one. of my friends i ran to. her she asked me. what i'm doing and i was like yeah. i'm going to the sushi. place she's like ew what the [ __ ] that place. sucks and then her friend was like yeah what the [ __ ] ew and then i just went there and all of a sudden the sushi it just didn't see taste the same and i just ordered them. again and i'm hoping it's not. happen again and i'm like really annoyed. and i'm feeling like do i need like a spin move. next time that happens. or just like how do i get that. love i got back. wow guys help me out i. i really need this place. it's like mine they ruined. it all right peace i think it's too. late yeah it might be too late. place is tainted now but you should that's depending on. how well you know. these people it's annoying that they did. that that's weird hey i'm going. to this place ew you're going. to that restaurant like who the [ __ ] does that. agree unless it's like your closest friend. you're like e you like that. place yeah yeah yeah you know um that's true. that's weird it is weird. but i think in the [music]. future avoid people like that because it's weird that someone would do that those people suck but like i don't think there's a way to. go back and rediscover your love. for the sushi i think i think it's sum. rediscover your love for the sushi. place i think it's gone i think that love will never be discovered one. per one woman meets two. women that ruin the love. yeah for sushi yeah how much by the way. frankly in all seriousness does that sushi place. suck yeah it's terrible. i already know ter. has too much fish. it's like game it's to. chewy it's not chewy yes it's too. chewy and you should know. that by the way they re too. much sushi inside the things. and it's like why more is not better. when it comes to. sushi yes dude this is an elemental. misunderstanding about sushi the rolls are too. big the r is not dude. better i know i know and and it's so annoying. that she doesn't know that. to be honest you know. what they did you a favor. they are [ __ ] by s doing that. in the first so you're saying basically know. when sushi places are bad. and you won't run. into this problem well i'm saying in this instance yes but they are rude. they're rude [ __ ] but sometimes rude. [ __ ] do people a favor they were right rude. [ __ ] yeah and they did you a favor they they stopped you from going to. this place now is it. annoying of of course you liked it. it was probably cheap of course. it was cheap because they give you too much. sushi and it's an amound. and it's too chewy and it's bad. it's bad but that's the way. they cookie crumbles we make friends. sometimes they say things that they're not supposed. to say and then everything's [ __ ] up from there then on forward well if you are eating a sushi also wait hold on let me say this every now and then great sushi places have a bad night yeah but she been there a lot oh i see what you're saying yeah yeah yeah right so i'm saying give it another shot definitely give it another shot the put too much sushi on the plate and we know it too much fish for sure i mean you know there's just no way it doesn't happen as sushi chef [ __ ] your girl but yeah so many places like that in la dude where she like i i want to a [ __ ] something kind of hand roll they it's like this big it's like dude yeah it's not burrito [ __ ] out of here but we but but sushi places in la are are like notoriously great there's a lot of great ones but there's a lot of there's a lot there just a lot so there's bad ones too well see what's happening is i was supposed to. be talking for most of that. interaction you were talking for about 90% right. and it was too. much no i i don't i don't know if i agree with that. of course you don't 90% i don't. know if i agree 80. 80 90 i'd say 60. 65 70 we do 70. 75 and up you'll do 75. 75 and up bargaining what do. you mean end up 75. or more obviously that's no it's 75. 70 i still think how. about this at 70. i'm sticking at 7 agree. with 75 75 75 okay. 75 okay then all right. we're good still too. much i got you down still too much. i got you down no see now. i'm going back to. 70 we already agreed. on 75 i'm saying still too. much to be talking when i was supposed. to be talking 75% i'm still hovering around. that 75% yeah that's fine. most annoying people in the [laughter]. world all right mom and dad. are watching right now they're just like oh my god what have. we done yeah what what is. this oh boy mom. and dad watch every episode. yeah dude i no no. no all right now you said it. [ __ ] you dude no that's so stupid to. take it away you said it. like i meant it a certain way. and i didn't mean it. that way and the worst. part is you know i didn't mean. it what do you think i said. it what did it imply about the way. you meant it i want to. be honest yeah i forgot. what happened what a wow. you must feel have very strong. convictions about it then i said yeah. dude they watch it yeah dude. yeah man like that now i said mom they watch. every episode you go yeah man. cuz you said it like it's not a bad. thing though and i wasn't cons. oh no i did not i did. not mean that [ __ ] stupid for reading. it that way you are [ __ ] john mal stupid as hell for thinking that go on british. go on go on all right. look man they watch every episode. that's great i love that. and it's funny to. think about them watching every episode. we should have another ch. not another channel we should have a lifeline. show yeah of our parents. watching lifeline that's it. that's all it is just a feed. of them looking at the screen. well no another video uploaded of them. on with the with the lifeline. m smaller and them watching it uploading. a video of our parents. watching lifeline so but right. but the camera is on. them yes yeah okay great. picture in a picture great. idea all right and on that. note great episode do yeah okay. yeah we p to. them next time we see them. actually that was our pitch to. you mom and dad i hope. you like guys like it yeah yeah yeah they're going to. block us um uh yeah go to. get the patreon get get the patreon. lifeline luxury patreon dot com. lifeline luxury because that's where you get the live. episodes and that's also where you get the lifeline. luxury and those are the [ __ ] mhm um get tickets. for the december 5th lifeline live show. our second ever uh be there. be square get your tickets. before they sell out and of course get to. lifeline merch at get the merch. and wear it at the show. lifeline merch dot com. yeah and also you know. what i haven't plugged this. in a while go to. mata dot com and book. your oneonone sessions with me. get your sound private advice. just me your boy. matalia who loves you more. than anyone else in the world. thank you very much all. right see you next week. hello hello hello hello hello hello hello 