 [music] runk hello. hello hello hello hello ma in texas i'll be there. september 5th bowmont texas peterboro ontario. london ontario chris lea. dot com go come see. the uh duth minnesota. m uh thunderbay come see. the uh multiv uh straight out of the multiverse. tour uh all my my new stuff. chia dot com i'm going. be in toronto i'm going. to be in uh a bunch of different. places so check it out. and thank you um what. episode number is this. 125 125 and september. 1st that it's september. 1st well that's insane and the thing about september. 1st is that i love is that. it's uh co j. coincide junuk from bts and it coincides. that with dr phil's birthday. it's well no you said that. so wrong both of their birthdays. it's both of their birthday. so jun cook's birthday. coincides with dr phil's birthday. you could say it like that. coincides you know yes their birthday. say both of their birthdays. are on september 1st. which is today happy. birthday dr phil and happy. birthday dr junuk two of my favorite. doctor happy birthday dr phil happy. birthday non doctor jun cook from bts. i don't know which one jun cook. is uh it doesn't matter uh pat. on dot com luxury. you guys uh sign up. right now we do we have fun. over there dude yeah actually a lot. of fun no submissions just raw. brother stuff raw i mean gth brooks so raw. stuff real stuff uh so go to. go to patreon dot com. lifeon luxury and uh it helps. the show it helps us. so thank you we have a live. lifeline luxury coming up. uh it'll be on on that. we have a live lifeline. well it'll be and then it will. be on video on the patreon. dot com also have new drops. coming from the merch. so let's get that going. lifeline merch dot com. uh so yeah thank you. for the good submissions lately. we've been getting some good. ones apparently we don't get to. see them well not like we want to. but we don't see them. everybody always ask do you see. the submissions before the show. no answer is no i'm saying. thank you but i'm saying thank you. for the good ones that we have had lately. and i think what it. means means because he's asking us to. say that what that means is the ones. on this episode are going. to be good and if they're not. no we're going to. it doesn't matter send to. the guillotine what oh i see. what you're saying but what i'm saying. is they have been good. lately yeah they have been good. lately so you don't have to. say the other part well we'll see. about this episode is but we don't know. right cuz we're us and we haven't seen. them yet and i'm not even. trying to be obviously okay. well i know but i'm just saying um i am. tan let's be the let's let me. that but yeah look at it. because i i've been in the pool. three four days in a row oh yeah you are pretty. hell yeah dude um ac went. on right when i said yeah. you are pretty t piss. me off yeah i don't like how there's two things to. do start the cameras and turn the air. off besides all the other things to. set up and uh you just mako just. always forgets to. do the air so that's cool. um but i will say that. it is um everything's cool. man you having a good. time or what uh so far. for four minutes in i'm having a pretty stellar. time yeah what's with that. shirt it's nice is it. you like it it looks like a good. color and looks like it's comfortable. it's cool yeah it's it's a john. elliott i like john elliot. although i got john elliot shirts. elliot elliot i got john. elliott shirts a long time. ago i got like five of them. they're kind of expensive you know. for a shirt it's like 90. bucks it looks kind of expensive. but like um that's very expensive. for a shirtt actually but uh i i c them. years ago like years. ago like i mean nine year. eight nine years ago and uh they're like my favorite shirts. i love them and they go they're they have different. sizes one two three four. and five it's not. large extra large it's you know so it's like you go online. you're like i what am i a five wow. that's annoying what am i a three. i i'm not a five am i a three. four you know so i'm a three okay. who the hell is a five. then this a three i don't know. and i'm because i'm a big guy right. so like uh so so now years later. i'm like you know what i love. those john elliot shirts why. don't i get more i'm going. to get white tshirts. and gray tshirts. dude i got a five pack there. like a deal from john. elliot they weren't 90 bucks. each was like a five pack and i got gray. and white threes and they are mini oh you grew no. it's the the sizing changed or or like. it's a different style of shirt. you grew well then why do these still fit o. you stumped me i did. stump you because i'm you know yeah you didn't finish that though. i'm real i don't know. oh okay you don't i'm real. i'm real as a heart attack. but like it's just like annoying. so anyway i know i have 10 shirts. that just don't fit oh. oh dude and i just still have them. in my closet i wonder what i would do. in that situation you just keep them. that's the thing well no what. you do is you find somebody. that they fit and you just get to. but who i don't know. how well how are they small sleeves. in the all around oh that. sucks yeah so i got like you can't. wear them no so um anyway that's not interesting. but it's well it kind of is interesting. right it's a little interesting. yeah what's going on you. got a lot of stuff. going on why don't you talk. about it i that. i'm moving um that yeah. of course yeah uhhuh. uh i did that and uh we're there. and there's about 10% of the furniture in the house. uh and the other stuff. is still in the house. is still in the old. house because we have to. sell it so we have a couch. two beds and then just but i'm so happy. i'm so happy that. we live there now i'm so happy. you like it a lot. better huh oh yeah that's such a good. feeling i mean calvin and billy. just running around and [ __ ] in the backyard. and it's just so beautiful. man like i saw calvin running. around in that backyard when we were looking. at the house and i just go oh we got to. get this house and i don't believe in stuff. like this but i was like i saw him running. in this house and i was like oh this. is this is his house. i i can see him. running here don't believe in what. stuff premonition stuff like uh it's not really. premonition like no but the way. it felt was like oh this. is supposed to. happen have you ever seen. the movie premonition with b. it's one of worst movies. oh no i was thinking of phen. what's the what's the uh jolta one. phenomenon phenomenon with the aaron nev. song yep oh i could change the world. right so many notes. change the world always busting. baby aon always busting. neville why do what is this. that's eric clapton though oh yeah. but that is on that. that is on that yeah. but what's the aon neville. neville neville neville neville nev what's the song from phenomen. whatever it is he's got a [ __ ] cookie it was a b. dude can you plug your. thing in aaron cookie face. whatever it is he's got a cookie. on his he got a cookie. on his face aaron. cookie face um wow. this is going to. bring me back crazy. oh oh oh crazy love. love love crazy wow you know so bad. dude nate dog's dad they how he looks how about. premonition in the movie though. huh but why does uh aaron never look. like aaron neville look like oh the the person. poster is the worst poster. i've ever seen in my life. that's crazy huh that's like a bad. tattoo that you'd get i kind of like that. poster oh it's terrible. i like it dude. oh really oh it's terrible. you're not into that the [ __ ] face leaves. conceptually it's good it's not well. executed though you think conceptually it's good. yeah cuz like her face is in i i oh i get it. oh i get it is in the ether. conceptually it's a corny idea. it's a corny idea bro. okay well the movie is the just the dude. dude aaron neville is convince me. otherwise he's nate dog's dad. convince me otherwise convince me. otherwise he has a bakery. on his face i mean. you know his face is a bakery. just so not even funny. you know bakery on. what what's the difference between you saying. he has a cookie on his. face and me because it looks like a cookie. it doesn't look like a a shop. with a door on it. but where are their cookies. dude yeah i understand. bro i get it why wouldn't you get that. thing removed dude i'm telling you. you probably tried dude. the thing about those is they grow back. no not if you get them. done right i tell you what man. some of them you can't. go deep enough who have beers. on their face like that. the people who have just straight. up big brown just and i'm going. to say it messes on their face. and they don't get them. removed yeah is that's nuts. and i'm talking about oh i'm talking about all of them. even the beautiful ones. like the cindy crawford dude. you have a big brown. piece of [ __ ] on your face you know no no no no take it off you can i don't agree though it it makes the person more the person yeah i understand it makes the person it's how they are it's their it's their makeup and take it off full cookie like aaron neville i agree but if it's cdy crawford that is like it's adding i get it it's character. but you know what you know. what people you know what's you know. what people say instead of ugly. is you got character right. sometimes yeah yeah and i tell of course cindy. crawford is absolutely gorgeous but cut that beaker. off and you look way. better cut the piece of and i'm i don't. want to be i really like her. she's nice and we you know. she's nice we've always been nice. but like but i'm just saying not her. but everyone else who has a big fat piece of [ __ ] on their face cut it off dude. disagree i just don't agree. all right cut it off. you have it anywhere in your body. i also disagree with the premise. that they're big fat pieces. of [ __ ] now we can put that aside and get to. the show though big brown. playdoh just on under your eye. you know somewhere big cookies should we talk. about how anthony's not here anthony's not here dude what the [ __ ] he's just not here like just cuz you know what do you have jury duty every time we start the show within 5 minutes anthony stands up from his station and goes to. the bathroom talking about big. pieces of [ __ ] nothing bothers me more know that's cra. have that bother you. well yeah i guess that is pretty annoying. imagine him doing jury. duty though that would be [ __ ] insane. in the in during opening. opening arguments you' be going. take a [ __ ] in the middle. of it you can't. keep going to. the bathroom yeah sure actually what happens. when you're on the you have to. go to the bathroom. can you you have catheters yeah. you just go to. the bathroom coloss they're all toilet. seats yeah all right they're all toilet. seats yeah you just keep hearing. flushing it's like 12 angry. men they didn't get to. go potty um 12. shitten men no 12. angry men because they had to. go to the bathroom. that's the joke not 12. [ __ ] in men dude two jokes the bakery. one and that one are just crazy. right now i was just uh proposing. an alternative another grass tyson. you know proposing alternative all right. uh all right well then let's go. dude let's get into. it hey chris and matt. love the show and love you guys so okay. i got this uh roommate. and he's in this. pretty goofy relationship his girlfriend's. here more than anybody else in the house. is like i'm here right. now she's here but our roommate's. not here so she'll be here. while we're gone at work and everything. weird she just hangs out like like the place. is her she uses our utilities and everything. he moves his head. falls off anyways um she's not even. cool so like i'm not okay. with it um like she uses our utilities anding she. won't even say hey to. us like she'll go through. the back door just so she can avoid. us better be hot. and where it gets really weird. is like she even brings out the worst. in our roommate like oh basically the guy. turns into a zombie. he'll come home from work. you arms smoke a. little pot and then she'll watch him. play video games until he goes. to bed um his arms repeat. the next day we used to. joke about this but now it's getting to. the point where we need to. address this so what do. you suggest we do i mean. do we tell them. break up do we uh tell them like hey fix whatever. this is how much does. that have the best anyway. i'm rambling but um love you guys. thank you let me know. you smelling me like [ __ ] god. damn it it smells like roses. um wow i you don't tell him. to break up not going. to happen and then he's going. to be like my roommate. dick yeah hey dude i've been thinking about this she's always here you gotta break. up with it um it's the kind of thing. that if they ow i don't know man. it should it should knock your rent down a little bit if she's always there. i think damn really if she's always there if there's three people always there did say she's there more than anyone else. that even that actually lives there even i think there's three of them. anyway and she she's a four she's you know. okay yeah yeah i think that it. dilutes the yeah it's like it. it's like when you're an investor and then they go for another. round and then ask for more money. and then you you know. you're your your stakes aren't as much. anymore yeah your thing gets watered. down that's true i actually wouldn't yeah. no that's i mean you know. it doesn't have be much. but like there needs to. be some sort of uh what do. you call it repercussion yeah i think stick. with like the actual concrete. stuff i don't think you say like and she sucks. and turns you into. a zombie leave. that aside say like if she's going to. be here this much then. like yeah don't open it. like hey what's up. with the zombie stuff. don't open it like that. that would but but definitely you are uh. you know i don't know man. that that sucks when you're when somebody you live with has like a just a a piece. of [ __ ] you know for the boyfriend or girlfriend well somebody's allowed. to have a girlfriend totally and and so it just comes. down to like i don't know. how long have they been together. and can you trust that. person to be around. when nobody else is like you you signed. at least with two but you signed. up to not live with four. people yeah it's a time. thing though like if they're there too much. and they're eating food. and they're like messing making a mess. or using the toilet. you got to wait you got to. wait to go pee cuz they're in there. you know stuff like that. it's annoying i guess monetary. is the way i think of handling. it but you know there's there's other ways. you can go on on the uh the the dark. web and hire an assassin you can you know you can do yourself. killer yourself yeah get the tour. browser and just go on and just go deep. deep deep into the dark. web what's a tour browser uh. i don't know it's it's instead of uh safari. they have tour and uh it's the deep. web it's dark web you can get assassins i'll never know. what that is or well i mean. i don't know what it is. either that's all i know literally and you get [ __ ] co. cocaine and you kill people and you know get a bunch of crazy. [ __ ] you know you can do all that sn films. but yeah yeah can you get cocaine. not anymore can you get cocaine. anymore what not anymore. what there the dark web. used to be readily accessible. i'm sure that it still exists. in uh many different ways. but like it's not as readily accessible. d it used to. be you would get a browser called. the tour browser oh really. it's not like that anymore. no why well because they're trying. to crack down on it. because you can kill. people on there well that's no good. kill someone yes no um oh picked the wrong. guy but don't you also think that when you move in somewhere. it's like a given that somebody one of the roommates. perhaps all of them. are going to. end up with a significant. other so what are the ground. rules yeah you have to. have like a thing set up. almost well why yeah why isn't he staying at. her house sometimes if she maybe she doesn't you know have a good house. but like that that's annoying. it's annoying either way it's just got to. be careful you do. have to be careful. the breaking up thing is not a you can't. you it's obviously you also kind of got to. be like he's going to. be like well what am i supposed. to do like i i i pay. rent here i can do what. i want gotta be careful. dude yeah but no he he you. definitely if there's one more person. living there all the time. then there should be then you should be paying less. yes perod yes figured it out yes. that one you know all right. also you should look into. have have your hands always on the back. hi chris hi matt hi. day one baby since like sign. days chef's kiss or french. kiss love you oh yeah. you're the best here's my question. maybe started over but yeah so i know. this person you think a bride. zilla is so drunk so drunk. bad th drk have you ever. heard of a person who let's say. they're getting married whatever the [ __ ] day it doesn't matter a day. they're getting married this person. is saying that no one. friends family whatever no one that they know of can get married. 6 months before no. i mean that or 6. months after dude their wedding day. because that's their time they're like that's my time. a year if someone god forbid gets engaged tries. to have a baby. tries to do anything. within apparently a year sp. of time you have a baby. that m you can't do that. or what her time. it's her time dude. no that's that's one of those things. what please tell me what do. you think about that or what. anyways love you that's this. happened she's saying yeah i guess. yeah dude that i go. like this or well well no hold. on a second or what happens. and then i go like this. okay and then if i want to. get married i still do it. because imagine she the point. she's making imagine what that person. must be like i'm just going. to make a blanket. claim that person no matter who they are what they are in relation. to you sucks no matter. what it no matter what else she is. like she sus really really weird. to say that even about one. or one week is i own. the year yeah is what she's saying in a fact bro. it wouldn't even matter if somebody got married. that same month i mean maybe if it's the same. week in your friends. okay i get it it's like why. you getting married the same. week i am but like there's like desirable. times to get married. yeah yeah yeah seasons and [ __ ] wow dude that is nuts. no you say yeah you know. what you say no say nah. nah that's crazy even if you don't plan. on getting married be like nah. you actually maybe i might be getting married. around them now because of what you said. even if i was single i would find a partner. get engaged to them. and specifically marry that person as close to. their wedding as possible. you pissing me off. when is it 2026 shouldn't have. told me now i'm going. to look for a [ __ ] mate dude. that's annoying and and matter fact. where you doing it. i'm going to try. to book that place yeah. or right next to. it yeah dude that next to. it and only play rob zombie. dude that is so annoying. that's that's one of the craziest things. i've ever heard somebody say about. someone else on this. on these submissions well you don't control. other people though you don't. control other people's lives. again it's one thing to. be like please within a week. try but even that is so crazy. to say i mean within a week. it's so crazy to. say because it's a given look here's the deal. if you if you were getting married. on whatever uh the the the fifth. we the you know say. say the second week of junee or something. okay that's when i got married. uh and then i i found a i i was going. to get married too and i found a really. great place the first week. of june mhm i would be. i if i re i would probably be like i shouldn't i we should try. to find another place. another time but if that was the only option i would definitely come to. you and be like yo matt it's the only time. i know it's kind of weird. but like it's like a week. before you get married. it's probably too much right. or is it you know. like i i think that that's that's that's wild. two weeks okay anything beyond. two weeks is you don't own. the month dude and she's talking about a year. one decade anyone from a decade. either way 6 months. either way is the most control freak. like how spoiled how you yeah. and how's that person getting. married who you getting married. to the biggest [ __ ] alive you know wow what if it was the guy that was like that nobody get married with any gear. all right bros the fact. that we just knew ian. she might have specified but she's a girl. she's you know oh you know. why cuz if if any guy even said it. to another guy they go. like this no yeah they just laugh. they would women always want to. make keep the peace and make make other women. feel okay and like [ __ ] like that even though. they hate them secretly so it's like you know. no it's fine just women. are only friends with each other for two years and then they hate each other. they call each other wifey. and then they want to. [ __ ] kill each other and it's fine. but i'm just saying after 2. years women secretly term friendships way. less frequently than men. do yes yes you know why. no succubuses and that's fine. you know but no but do you know. why why what cuz what uh hell has. hath no what's that thing. hell hath no fury like fy scorned. like a woman scorned yeah but i think this. is true even when the women. aren't scorned they just kind of go. through hell has no fury like a woman. so stupid um uh yeah that person's terrible. i would advise you to. not be friends with that person. that's a terrible person. they're vindictive i mean you know. stop what next sure next yeah. well well well is an old chrisan matt. i mean you us my question. to you is when you have so many things that you want. to pursue in your life. mhm how do you just decide on one. oh dude is it better. to just decide on one. is it better to. just pursue all of them. with like 25% effort it's a good. question i don't do that. the framing isn't great. but it's a good question. i don't do that e. no okay oh okay. i guess i kind of like that. that was kind it was all right. it was way less bad than i thought. it was going to. be when he started it. um you don't you didn't say. it right know what he the op. yeah i know but he specifically said pursue all. of them with 25% no if you're going. to pursue several things you pursue. them one at a time. with 100% you don't just like divide up. your energy but it depends it's it's like look. i technically there are a lot. of things that i want have wanted. to do throughout the course of my life. not me but like n there's a natural order. to the things that you want. to do it's not like you want. to do them. all equally so i would say establish some kind of order. and whatever is at the top. pursue those the most intensely and then the rest. of them obviously still try. whatever capacity you can can't. do everything yeah i mean when i was in my late. 20s it was get coffee. bust a nut. do standup right. these were my things that i wanted. to do in that order. well no they no you know. stand up was number one. bust a nut. number two get coffee was number. three uhhuh so i would be like let's get some coffee. sit down think about how we're going to. bust some nuts. before the show i have right. so i would be getting coffee. drinking it thinking about like i could bust in the here. i could do like this. i can maybe call to. call her i can make this. and that you know. what i mean maybe i just [ __ ] do it myself. whatever and then i'll do my show. at the you know. at the at the improv. or whatever and then you know. and maybe maybe then then after that would bust a nut. and you know interesting. yeah uh yeah no i get it. so if for instance those are the three things that you're interested. in coffee busting nuts. and comedy then you could take page. from the playbook of christalia but don't just pursue busting. nuts 100% that would be a you're not going. to have a great. life you would have a fun. life but it would be really you die. early you' have a you'd get you get burnt. out real quick enjoy your life very quickly um but yeah if it's like you want to. do music you want to. do movies i don't know i'm guessing. but like those things are also in the same. realm mass what i would say. is they there's some overlap. so in a way you could if they are. kind of clustered together like that. it's not like you want to. be a firefighter and a musician right. you probably want to. do things that are relatively similar. so like one door opens. and you can kind of pull along the other thing. see what i'm saying like if you want. to be an actor and a musician those two things. are related you do. well in music you can kind of pull in the acting. afterwards dude a firefighter and a musician are the two funniest. jobs together like to. you know there are some though. to to f to. fight fire in the day. and then to be a loung. act at night like so tired and burnt. you know literally burnt there's no way. to do it well zack bryan. that popular country singer. was in the army and then that's different. a lot of people go. to do big things though. nobody's like all right we got a backdraft. we got to [ __ ] don't touch. your door knob and then strangers. in the night that would be incredible. actually amazing dude i wonder why he brought up only zack bryan. when he talk about the military thing. because a lot of people did that. d he just did that. what do you yeah that that is actually. super weird honestly now do we know why you brought up. zack bryan only a lot of guys already. know he's very contemporary cannabis. who cannabis was in the military. after he started yep. wait what in the military after he started. rapping is that true dude. he just goes like this. [ __ ] it the guy well he's i mean and this is nothing wrong. with it i actually don't think there's anything wrong with this. i think it's kind of [ __ ] cool. when some people are he's absolutely autistic. and he's just like uh gna he does. everything so much and he wrapped. had that battle with elo. j kind of fell off and then joined. the [ __ ] military whoa. yeah i mean i haven't in forever. can i bust yes. you can that's him. right no that's actually l. co j oh really oh wait. what oh oh going on oh yeah. oh j murdered him. which sucks because cannabis is awesome. look how many musicians were in the military. well there okay so a lot of the older. ones were drafted right. right and how many musicians. were firefighters uh we don't know i guess. he's actually going to. look it up let's find. out only one jason bird. who's that i don't know third. generation firefighter that also is. a loung ja p not found bo. all right well didn't exist. whatever but uh yeah cannabis is the [ __ ] look up. cannabis's stuff he didn't make good songs. but he was a good rapper. man what did we mean. there right there well look at him. dude he's intense looking. those hollowed out cheeks so skinny. yeah remember that he's only 49. dude no i [music]. don't sounds cool though right. yeah it does um mike. tyson who's on it yeah. yeah right here here how it is you don't. remember that [ __ ] what my c wrapped. on a canabis no. no no no he was in the intro. oh it's called second round knockout. damn give me your vanguard award. and or whatever the hell you. know yeah gave up yeah whatever the hell. inure whatever um. so anyway okay well let's do another one. okay that was a fruitful submission. call me farac so out watching soninlaw with poly. that's great and you're never in that. lighting and not on coke. right totally there's there's yeah yeah yeah yeah okay. co and he's loving life. and you know what it. is it's it's 3 p.m. right. now too all right. go ahead you're gna tell me that. part of your personality and all of your jokes. dude are not based off. of pa shore's famous films. such as soninlaws biodome no one's ever. been more [ __ ] upo man no one's ever more. fued up deeper but i'm. telling you you guys are a bit. of some poly shores we are he saying. fan of it life [ __ ] rips love you guys matt chris in no order. you guys are my dudes l. thanks i mean the guy. just does coke. like this gets the coke. puts his face in there. goes like doesn't do lines. [ __ ] lines he goes like this [ __ ] lines just keeps dipping his face put it in a thing all day does it alone only alone yeah he'll hang but he doesn't care he doesn't need to. be with [laughter] people uh yeah no i you know i a lot. of people have said i sound like paully shore. and i don't know what that. i i genuinely heard this i genuinely don't know what that. means i i i i don't know. what it means because let's get this. out of the way i love pa yeah yeah no i'm not saying yeah. i just i don't know. it's just like like dude. i love a lot. of guys i just i don't know. what that means how do i sound like po. show but people do say it it. is a comment i get how odd i i it. must be something i do yeah. but humor based on it. no i no that those that. was those movies were so long ago. i don't remember i mean. i love soninlaw don't. get me wrong i watched. it a ton when i was young. but i don't remember like being influenced by his sensibility like. what i i dress like him. with the bandanna around. my kne and stuff i'm so confused. dude no people said can you like translate this. i i do either i put this in because i thought it's such a outlandish. claim and there's no this. guy it's a testament how much in any how much drugs he's well no because sometimes people leave it on my instagram. though they'll be like yo this sounds like poly shore. really what yeah for real. they've been doing it for years. i don't i don't understand. it about like what stuff. i i i don't know dude. i don't know i don't know i i wish i knew i don't know if you know leave drop. a comment why why would people say. that that's i mean i've been around. you guys for so long. and i've also i loved poly shore. i don't really see the connection. yeah we're happy to. be associated with paulie but no. yeah sure yeah i mean nothing. yeah i think vince vaugh is valid. uh yeah but people people say. paulie sure more they do he's saying that i've never heard that in my life yeah for me it's more like brad pit uh tom cruz like it earlier when he was hotter and stuff like for what denzel like the way i denzel the way like i am and the way i look and stuff not not how you look obviously no how i look the way i am cool and okay so they're saying you're saying there so coolness like seductive like just like seductive very very cool yeah and look how seductive um yeah dude i uh you're not like you're not like them no it's like it's like on a different level you don't get it no no no but people say it all the time whatever dude i saw this h whatever paul. newman noer redford dead rubber redford. etc seem dead oh he's alive. still huh yeah he is he had the worst. ey work ever dude. it's crazy really pull up robert. redford now let's look at his eyes. okay eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes what's that. eyes eyes eyes eyes what's that. it's from uh bad lieutenant harvey kel he's so ced. out of his mind he's talking about a batter a bat he wants him to. hit home run he's saying like he didn't swing. and he's like eyes eyes good. eyes that's good look how bad his eyes. look okay what is that well. it's not just his eyes. though dud he's old well yeah. but he had face work and his eyes. look all [ __ ] up eyes. eyes eyes when you're old it's just it. sucks look at jee did. you see jee hackman recently. did you see gene hackman. recently well no why would i see. because he's a reuse and they they they got they spotted him. out he's 94 years old. you won't even recognize. him is that right. look up gene hackman now. see look at his eyes. i don't mean do it. now i mean look up. like put gene hackman. now google that i knew i'm not being you. know ordering around [ __ ] up there it is up all the way this up yep 94 that's him whoa zoom in not crazy go away oh wow not crazy that is crazy i would never think that there's no way what is it only his ears grew everything else shrank well that's what happens your ears don't stop growing. you know yeah i thought that was like a fake. thing ears and nose and [ __ ] and my for me. a children's song a children's song ears. nose and [ __ ] and [ __ ] no but for me. it's [ __ ] for me my [ __ ] keeps growing. it keeps growing it's so [ __ ] i didn't even know it. was him i me it's like they notice. because it's dragging on the ground. but no man jean hackin not you oh i don't know. about his carop of tell stupid. you can tell yeah you could tell a little bit but it's hard. to tell yeah but for me it. sucks because you'd think that the scraping comes from. under your [ __ ] but it doesn't it comes from on the top. of your [ __ ] because when you're walking your dick. is dragging under your legs. and so the tip. of it the top tip. of it is scraping against the concrete. and that's why the tip. of it is red so. painful the tip of it. red you know dude. so s the way he's standing really oh no. dude play the robert dairo. [ __ ] thing that's that that's crazy. was unreal dude robert dao. jumping from a boat. was the most [ __ ] [ __ ] i have first of all if you're 81 won that's crazy. to jump off aat it's nuts. that he did that it's nuts. it's really nuts that he did. that we got to. watch it though it's so funny. and then we get another submission. i mean so ro near okay. look whoa he's so crazy. oh my god oh my god are you all. right i'm okay oh you sick. i'm okay the way he jumped. in oh my god i mean. who's laughing a villain. his 28yearold girlfriend you know that's a guy that's not a guy. what it's like that's not even. diving he fell he goes. hey arms legs you got the day. off i'm i'm jumping in i wish there. was two more seconds at the top. of that video to. see you know what i do. too except i it. i i wonder if that's actually the best. case scenario is what we saw because of the way it was cut anyway. yes i i i do agree. with i want to. know of how he like the the fact. that it's cut makes me. think it was [ __ ] up before and that's why i want to. see it i'm saying oh it was released. as like a pr thing. almost it's like they can't see that. part right he looked all [ __ ] up before you know all right next submission. hey christen man how you doing. my name is john. from new jersey question. for i knew it of course. let me give you a bit. of context before we jump. in i'm 28 i'm single i've been living by. myself for about 2 years. now and i'm ready for for our next step. uh so my question. is what should come first the dog. or the girlfriend oh um i like taking care of things. makes feel good the dog. um i think having a dog. will help me get a girlfriend. let's pause there i know. that's not necessary yeah uh there's many other things. like confidence going out more. um i'm not that big of a drinker. so i'm i'm not going to. find my girlfriend at a bar. nor do i want to. good um on the other hand. i think having someone else. to help me take care of a dog. will make me feel good. it'll make the dog feel good. um so yeah uh what do you guys. think what should come first the lady. or the dog i mean. thanks guys so sexist. how about how what should i get me. first a [ __ ] or a [ __ ] how about how the way some guys think i know it's it's it's unreal. it's unreal it's unreal. it's it's actually that is why. if that's actually what he's thinking it. is though it's nuts. it's nuts it is that's you. you know you know me. there's nobody i'd rather hang out. with more than that guy. so i'm not [ __ ] talking already is your friend he's my friend even though. you never met him. dude that guy i would i would what the [ __ ] i would love to. hang out with that guy. but that is in it. is it is i'll just go ahead. and say this it's insane. to think just this should i get a dog. first or a girlfriend first yeah. just that is insane and he went on there's levels. to the insanity. about what he thought. that is wild like you dude. you hey man life is just life it. happens you get a dog. or you get a girlfriend. and none of them have to. do with each other they're not related. in any way what should i do. put on socks or make a cake. that's how related they are. should i put on socks. first make a cake or make a cake. and then put on socks. now if the question is i want a dog. should i wait in case. i get into a. relationship to get a dog. together with the person i'm that's a different question. that's also a crazy question. it but it's it's of a piece. it makes sense yeah sure i guess. get the dog anyway because you don't know. when you're going to. get in a relationship you can control. when you get a dog. you can't control when you get a girlfriend. so get a [ __ ] dog you might be waiting three years there's nothing more guy from new jersey. to think if i get a dog. i help me get a girlfriend. you know what i mean. the the the the kind of thinking though. is bonkers it's truly bonkers. it makes and many guys think this way. oh yeah or a version. of a different way like this. level it's just really is you're thinking too hard. in in a bad framework a completely. faulty framework that you made up. you made a thing up. like what kind of girl. is going to like a guy. that thinks like that they don't. care they like the guy. they don't give a [ __ ] how he thinks you know. yeah they're v you they're vindictive. it's just crazy chris you know. well you need more therapy. i know i have a lot. of it more i had it. last night was it. enough uh no answer no. all right yeah so guys think like that and that's [ __ ] absolutely insane. but the answer is a dog. because you can control that. and not can be vindictive. too you can't just go. get a girlfriend you know exactly. yeah you can't just go at radio. shack or something i'll take a vcr. and a heather that's such a [ __ ] bad joke. that would be a stand. up 1990 i'll have a vcr. and a heather like paul. riser would say it i liked. it okay i liked that joke. okay and i like paul riser. how about the sony leaks. paul riser sony leaks what. was it he's asking for residuals about mt. about you oh yeah dude. sick well he should have it. i i agree he's like what happened. to mt about you i the dvds. sold really well and i never saw a penny. from it well he should he he should get that money. i agree but it's sad. he he and don't even get me. started with uh [ __ ] a three minute a baby. wait oh [ __ ] he's in there is he in it he is right no he's not don't even get me started with diner. no diner he's in three. of babies dancing and celic. so don't [ __ ] around oh yeah huh. i rec it's crazy. dude do you know the plot. of that movie it's crazy. what they think the package they're the bad. guys are looking for a case. of heroin that the baby. was like under or something. and like mixing those themes. is so weird you know. it's like a cute baby. movie and there's like drug dealers looking for heroin. it's out of control it's a great. movie it is yeah i loved it. wow so 80s though what's ads. yeah it's so80s um i really like that. kind of stuff though man. like i was thinking about babies. and heroin no i was thinking. about music and like from the 80s. and just how much i like it. and it's only nostalgia really. that why i like it. you know it's crazy. but like suu studio. all that [ __ ] i'm just like oh calvin loves suu. studio really yeah cuz what the [ __ ] it's for a kid what suu studio. it don't mean anything it. doesn't mean anything that's really. weird actually i'm playing su studio. and i look back. in the car seat. and he's just like this. so high yeah that's a great. song though oh it's great. you think you only like it because well no that. might not be the only reason. i like it if calvin likes it. no no no it might not be the only reason. why i like it uhhuh. but it it it for sure. yeah twists a knife. all right so violent. so deeper next hello. fellas i've already tried to. shoot this a couple times um been taking too long. so i'm going to. do it on much cocaine. um it's about a relationship i've already reached out to. a bunch of comedians in the industry and no one's really getting. back to me so maybe you guys will. i did this scroll for. 4 years we bought ach bunch. of stuff together a bed. couch car when we broke. up she wanted to. keep everything so i move out. she keeps the apartment i leave. vindictive i give her time. to get financially. steady again whatever um reach out. to her after 6 months. doesn't feel comfortable yet after a year. she sends me $500. wow um what is that then i find out. a year after that that she sold. the car kept the money. didn't tell me about it. and just wondering what you guys. would do in this. situation if i should let it. go or take it to. court uh i sometimes have dreams about it. to deeper i know whatever. anyway um also ever since you guys said runk me. and my roommate can't stop saying it. we do it a little differently. around here we like to. go wow dude absolutely insane. ace ventura dude also you are in ontario. and you've never left ontario. so um acea uh i feel like don't go. to court no and it's obv just could cost. you money what how much. you going to get back. sell your chain you know. sell your chain it's got to. be worth the same. wait so did he say he bought the car. with her they bought it together. i don't know but she [ __ ] took him and that's dope good. job for on her but you know that's the game. i gu that's one. of those things you know. that you know what that. is that's a straight up charge it. to the game that is a charge it. to the game dude. busting but that is just just so yeah. a mind bending orgasm you. have just like dude. um no i just think that um he's upset. about it though so what does. he do about that yeah. but he's upset about it. because he's in his feelings. about it it seem that's what. i'm saying yeah so therapy yeah. yeah yeah therapy she's fart. wasn't me that was a crazy. fart dude so therapy uh and and don't go to. court cuz you know whatever. it's going to. take too long you're going. to spend money getting the money you're going. even out yeah you might make like 800 bus either. way you're still in ontario. no matter what so d. that guy's so he can't. leave she took him huh. he's so canadian he can't. leave if he goes to. the border he goes what the [ __ ] yeah it's like a force field yeah what the what the [ __ ] how did you know he going he said something before nothing i i you just can tell that wow that's crazy that was so you knew the guy from new jersey right yeah he i'm from new jersey so it's eas yeah yeah got you i think honestly toring helps but but but just he's so canadian. i mean that's just crazy. it was the it was the the the the niceness. of the beard the the the the black tank. top obviously the black tank. top forget it the chain. the the the spike a little hair. and then shaved real nice. and then the just the placed tattoos that. were like a little too dark. on his pasty skin. so canadian so canadian. dude the guy is from [ __ ] [ __ ] saskatchewan dude. the gu from [ __ ] north battleford the guy. from [ __ ] onio he's from ottawa he's from london ontario. dude the guy is from literally kitner. he's from [ __ ] you know where he's from those. are the only ones i know from so many places. i mean just from so many you can't. be from that many places. but that's cool hamilton ontario that's where he's from dude. okay thunder bay no you know. where he's from thunder bay. ontario nope peterboro that's where he the worst. psychic ever dude i'll be in peterb. chris dot com also dude. evil evil oh coming coming. so anyway dude um it's it's just crazy. when you could tell somebody's canadian. like that you're good at telling. people where people are from huh. you should be we should work. at a carnival yeah. i should i'd probably make a lot. less money but we need to. talk to you you're giving away. too many bears all. right that's so stupid. next we're in the hole hey guys. my name is rachel. and i have a quick. two card for you one. i am the kind of brain. that does not shut up. and let me fall asleep at night. but there are some things that can kind of distract. me and help me fall asleep. one of those things is a soothing. voice and matt has a voice that i think is very soothing. i don't know if anyone else. has this weird quirk like me but if they do i think it. would be awesome if you started a podcast. where there're like 15. to 20 minute episodes and about nothing. so it doesn't provoke overthinking and so you could just talk about like that. one time you made a sandwich. or something you know. i don't know just throwing it. out there it'll get four views. part two is an unrelated. question so you see two garages. one is floor to. ceiling wall to wall full of crap. and the other one is completely. bare white walls sparkling clean floor. maybe a car but nothing else. which one of those people do you think is crazy. i think about it every time. i see an open. garage and honestly the bare clean. one kind of gives me. dexter vibes let me. know what you think guys say. hi a i think if your garage is spotless. and clean it's really weird. because where do you put your stuff. yeah but then i have a neighbor that i finally saw their garage open i noticed that. their garage is there's this. big like hill of like almost wood. chips in their garage and i'm like but it's blocking their garage how do they use it. then i realized well i don't use. it obviously cuz it never moves. this pile of wood. chips then i finally saw it. open it was you couldn't get a garage more full damn. there was not a centimeter of space. that's really upsetting and so that. i think no matter what will always be weir that's way. weir but i understand. how that happens. i i actually i actually don't understand. how it's a garage has nothing in it. i i don't understand that like what about your pressure. washer you know what i mean. like rope murder a hammer. you know murderer ryen like where are you. putting this stuff yeah no i uh i i understand. what you mean but i wouldn't think twice. about a pristine clean perfect. empty garage i would be so freaked. out and weirded out over the garage that i saw which so the first one i got a i got some gar. i just opened up my garage for the first. time oh yeah in the new house. yeah i had it for days. and we couldn't open the garage. for 5 days really finally i got it. open congratulations man what are you doing. with it now it's just open there's nothing in it. any well see so that's not that. weird maybe all the stuff is already in the other garage that we opened i have but like maybe the person. just moved in if you saw a garage. like that is what i'm saying. so it's not weird there's a potentially plain regular reason. why garage would be perfectly. empty there's not. a plain simple good. reason why it would be packed. to the gills [ __ ] everything just [ __ ] can't wait. to my car in there. the other thing that she said. i've heard many times that i have. a voice like that now the question. is what do i do. about it um people say. i have a great voice. okay people say that no one. brought that up we're talking about. me okay so now that we know that. then we'll get to. you um nice yeah you don't you. you you you you you're well right. now you talk so that's good. you talk on a podcast. so that's good that's what you do. i know but i think what she's saying and i agree. it's soothing yeah there's something. it's like the it's like that. app um calm which i love not me. i think i should start. a podcast where i just talk. you know why i don't like cal. why cuz you get interested. and don't want to. fall asleep no okay because they take too much. time in between sentences uhhuh. here's what happens they go. the rain is on are on the leaves. and then you go like this. you get used to. the quietness and then they're like there's a bridge. and you're like what the [ __ ] oh you can speed it up. listen to a podcast. it's betterx got it got it. i like cal what what were. you going to say. you could uh get calm to. pay you to. have a thing lebron lebron james or yeah. com's schol lebron james chibs oer. chibs oer what are you. say hi there i'm chibs. oer who the hell's chibs. whatever well you obviously don't know. nothing about c i i i there. there chib is name chibs. dude chibs don't be named. that and i talked about him. on congratulations once and he followed me. on instagram after that chibs. and when he followed me i dm and i was like hi. there what does he do. who is this guy you. sent him a voice note. no i didn't i mean. you know bought bought a hookline hookline. and sinker just [ __ ] got him i'm chibo ker he's got one of those names. i don't even know where where it. starts or where it ends. but it's chibs o car. so he's irish no he's black oh car. yeah oh car he's like african or something. not o apostrophe got it. got it got it got it. got it got it got it. got it got it got it. got it got it got it. okay next one okay hey guys um big fan. of the show chris i remember finding you. on vine way back in the day. and i've been a fan. ever since matt i love you say. it back you know what i mean. i do i love you. too so i want to. ask you guys okay. i got into a conversation. the other day about birthday. text like the fact that people feel. the need to. text you on your birthday. even though they haven't talked to. you in so long for instance. me and my older sister. and my biological mom none of us. get along like they cause too. much drama i don't trust them. but today is my mom's birthday. and a couple days ago. was my oldest sister's birthday. and i haven't said anything to. them and somebody called me petty for doing. that and i was like why. should i pretend that everything's okay. just because it's their birthday. like why do we feel. the need to. text people on their birthday. even though we haven't ted them. at all we don't have like a relationship. really with them um so but i feel bad. like a part of me. just feels like i should say something. like i'm kind of being an [ __ ] but anyways let me know what y'all. think and why people feel the need to. text other people on their birthday. even though there's nothing there anyways. let me know you think bye. no it doesn't who cares. i think it's just yourday people are weird. about birthdays in the one. way that i which is annoying. but the one way i understand. people are weird about birthdays is which i've only come really to. agree with as i've gotten a little older. it's like the one day. everyone agrees is the time. that you let someone know. that you care about them. at all now if you have bunch of bag. in drama with someone i agree. with you there's no reason. to just like overlook that and pretend. that's not there and say happy. birthday but if you want to. let someone know that you care. and it's just weird. to say it out of the blue. in the middle of [ __ ] october when their birthdays in march. birthdays are a good day. to do that you're not petty for not. doing it though no yeah i don't think you're petty for not doing. it because that's the norm you you'd be petty if you were doing something actively but you're not you're just like oh this. is kind of what well. i don't want to. talk to him. so [ __ ] it so you're saying you can't be petty by inaction no you can because inaction is action sometimes. and but it sounds like in this. case it's not she's just like i don't really text. them i don't we don't get along. [ __ ] it it's their birthday. i mean all right. who cares yeah you know. yeah it's it's you know. and also i don't know your relationship. i mean it depends like i could be mad. at somebody but still wish them. happy birthday but you know. if it's a different thing. where it's like they've been really. shitty to you their whole. life i just like just because they're your mom. and your sister it's like doesn't mean you need to. [ __ ] yeah you know if they're shitty yeah who the [ __ ] told her she was petty for that that's just that person needs to. shut up like she's got this whole. thing understand why somebody might think that but they don't. know the situation but what i'm saying. is why would you say that. don't shut your mouth dude. like you're talking about like family. drama and [ __ ] shut your mouth. it's like so [ __ ] like petty it's so out of line. to tell someone they're petty for that. to me come here too. yeah i don't uh you know. what i'm talking about though. oh i do i get it. like why are you even well. because that's what [ __ ] friends do especially what women. do cuz they're talking about each other. and [ __ ] diaper no but it's like diaper. dude diaper dude um mich um what's with the [ __ ] gas rout toting in my face wasn't me shaggy. dude you're farting and it's loud and it's gross. want you see me. on a sofa was me. man i don't like when people just fart. the same hold it go. somewhere where there aren't people especially me. same and let her out same. so why do you do it. because i'm me i'm not somebody i'm not people. now if the whole world world like worked like that the whole world would suck. and it does suck. so the whole world does work. like that you're participating in making the world. suck fart everywhere can't be don't join. them fart everywhere that's and vote for me. where's bumper sticker all right. [ __ ] shmacked shmacked hey guys love the podcast uh don't mind my hair i know it's a mess bad hair day but anyways um so i have this coworker right then i reached out to. her cuz we're both new on. the job and i'm just essentially trying to. uh going wrong already i can tell like cooperate. together so then it's not as horrible glend. but then i saw i texted her i got her number i text. her and she like straight up friends. on me right she was like all. right bro all right. like you know you know what it. is one girls start to. like treat you a certain way. like thanks bro and it makes me. uncomfortable cuz it's like am i really always coming off like that when i'm talking to. chicks like generally i just want to. like a coworker so what do you guys. think bro what did you say. this guy's leaving some [ __ ] out and you know it dude. sent a dickpic you know what did. he say sent a [ __ ] dickpick. and said if you tell our boss. i'm going i tried to. hit on my coworker. she didn't respond now i feel. uncomfortable should i report her. like what go ahead i think what he's saying. is that he would according. to himself thinks that he was just being normal. to a coworker and then she started treating him. like she had to. friendzone him yeah i wasn't even. hitting if bro put your mind. in her headspace just for a [ __ ] second imagine being a woman. who's had a job and some guy that she just started working with starts. texting her it doesn't matter. how and like professional you're being it. makes sense that she would put up. those boundaries and be clear. about them right away dude. don't take it so [ __ ] personal. [ __ ] yeah sensitive ass [ __ ] no send a dickpick i think uh honestly that's yeah it's normal 100% right and and [ __ ] you would do the same thing dude yeah bro yeah yeah yeah women kind of have to. do that that's what i'm saying. what i'm saying is take it. act as if you are not involved. in situation at all it. has nothing to. do with you right. she might want to. [ __ ] your [ __ ] brains out she doesn't cuz i hair but like she she say she does she might well want to. but she's still going to. do what she did because it's smart. to do that because think about it. dude women have to. do that [ __ ] all the [ __ ] time she doesn't want to. get [ __ ] fired she doesn't want to. start drama right away. she doesn't want any lines. being crossed it's obvious. that she would do that. take yourself out of it. and it makes perfect sense. also you look like a guy that would [ __ ] his coworker. yes dude there is nobody on the planet. that looks more like they would [ __ ] their coworker. than you yeah dude everything. about you your face. your hair shirt that you wore. like it's just insane. how much you look like you would [ __ ] your coworker. and honestly even if they were all guys. you'd still do it because you're the guy. who foxes c ws you. couldn't look more like that. and you're a simpson so there. you [laughter] go and it's okay. but there you go. all right we'll do one. more i guess what's up. madden chris uh from forgot who he was sounds like um my question. to you guys is do you ever. just get peter griffin inconceivably angry. for next to no. reason it's really funny that this guy saying this just really quick. i'm on my way. to my cousin's graduation. party he so close. one of the flowers that i got her [ __ ] broke is everybody. from new jersey in this. one i'm in the car. and he's going to. cry i think i could kill. somebody right now so close to. him anyways i know. i know that you know. therapy can help with you. that's crazy that one is crazy. to me cuz it's nobody's fault. but my god i i mean it's probably his fault. though he probably stops you guys have like a method. or or some sort of like a phrase. or a breathing technique or something. yeah i got to. help me out because i crying. so hard recovering from crying. vm anyways love the show. love you guys thank you. you want to. feel better dude everybody. that happens you notice it. happens you get blood red mad. and then you say okay. and then it's [ __ ] over dude you get you you you it doesn't matter that. so here's the deal it. doesn't matter getting mad is. fine it's what you do yeah. that is fine or not. fine so you just got it. but that's just to. break one everybody has the thing i know i know it's so but i know that's so foreign to. me that to me it's that that wouldn't be one. of those but i mean but okay but like so your one would got to. figure it out bro. no yeah mine would be. uh i got so mad the other day. jesus christ not a story absolutely. just antithesis of a story no. i get it though just you got to. breathe through it though man. like you're going to. waste your energy you're going to. take years off your life getting mad. about a broken flower gives a [ __ ] yeah i think that you got to. just uh so what do you do. k and move on. no come on yeah it. feels better it feels makes it feel. good it's so silly and stupid. just [ __ ] get mad celebrate celebrate dude get mad sit on the expression. of the anger celebrate let let yourself. be mad but don't act on it. i'm mad again yes yeah that that. it broke w in a low's parking. lot just that would work that. works yeah all right who cares. nothing matters d we. did cares um we did. it i'll be in malled texas. you know in bont texas chris le dot com. and then also hit it up. in london ontario and duth minnesota. and peter b ontario hit it up. you know and uh toronto. i'll be there and bismark crystal. dot com thank you thank you. very much go to. m dot com if you want advice. to change your life. to new merch. coming out soon lif. merch dot com uh go to. the patreon dot com lifeline. luxury if you want to. get on lifeline luxury. it's amazing three great things. a [ __ ] month and then you get the lifeline lives as well bye got a [ __ ] hello hello hello [music] hello hello hello okay 