 this is going to. be so good okay oh so i'm [ __ ] my girlfriend right. no no no no i talked to. my girlfriend about the issue. right got it got it. got it sweetie. i'm sorry it's this. [ __ ] i was filling out health insurance online. now that we have an audience. who [ __ ] does that here not nobody there's too many people in here some of you [ __ ] do that who would do it be honest oh you [ __ ] front again we knew though we knew would do it right yeah we knew he was the one who was like take your [ __ ] off wow somebody else's home when you joked when you joked what did you say i said hey you're like a kissing machine huh okay i take it back it could still work dud dude about 18 times out of 20 it works i mean just say 9 out of 10 [ __ ] guy doesn't do math i'm out of there right away when he says that okay last question all right hi my name is kristen deia oh [applause] no oh no runk hello hello hello helloo hello hello episode 112 baby of lifeline it is sunday june 2nd. it's june no june gloom. june smiley okay that doesn't rhyme. thank you uh so what's up. man you want to. talk about the patreon i mean. i think you should get the patreon. on there because it's patreon. dot com lifein luxury and it is. uh very inexpensive and you get that live show. that we did which was bonkers. honestly that was the best. that was the best show. that we've done i i had so much. fun i want to. do more live shows there's no question. in my mind for me. personally just in terms of the experience it. was by far the best. lifeline episode yeah ever yeah. and i'm on tour go. get to get chris le dot com. tickets i'm going to. be in australia soon i will be in de mo. i will be in green. bay um and a bunch of different. places so go to. chris dot com thank you very. much for that and my solo podcast. the private record we want your story go. to the private record dot com. to submit it and make sure you subscribe. to our youtube channel. at the private record on youtube. you got a question you want to. be on this show click. the link in the description below. or just go to. watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline all. that info is in the description below. you want a oneonone advice. session with me make your life. better make your life the best. life it could possibly. be go to. m dot com and if you want the merch. you got to get every piece or else. you're not a real person. in the world it's not doesn't count. you don't actually count as a living. person unless you have every piece of merch. go to lifel merch dot com. i mean on so much. cod you know the way. you're doing i tried to. say fast cuz you know why. cuz you cut me off. no i didn't cut you off. know that's cuz i went fast. i wonder if um well we could slow. down now if we want to. look at is uh oh i'm an orange. guy again that i remember last time. i was an orange guy. you were an orange guy. too mhm well you're not. an orange guy this. time i don't remember that. actually was i orange yeah that's why. i was like making this. really funny thing out of how we're orange. guys now remember funny. it was did you trim. your beard no well when when was last time. you trimmed it weeks. i don't know or two. weeks three weeks maybe something mine gets more that. that's yeah i'm getting really white. though huh yeah dude your beard's. really really gray weird. i want my hair to. catch up i know i talk about this. a lot but you be the first person. in the world to. dye your hair gray put streaks of gray. in your hair i do want to. do that i want to. try to dye it. gray actually i should i wonder what it'll look. like i think it'll look. cool dude there's so many apps. now just go online. 40 % gray hair or something. how would i look with 40%. gray hair yeah well you don't say. it out loud you have to. go to one of those sites oh you don't wish it. you don't just wish it. uh you can wish it. but wishing it is less effective. than just going onto. some ai app don't do that you don't think that's good. you do that a lot. now and i don't like it. i don't know why it's just a thing. it's a phase remember when you used to. oh my god dude you when you would eat something. every single time you'd sit down. and eat you would when you would put something. in your mouth you would just go yeah that's so terrible. how do people put up. with you well it was a joke. but you were still doing it. like it's like it's like slapping someone in the face. and be like i'm just kidding. no okay well it's far. from that number one number two i would do it. more with other people when they ate what does that. mean they would go and i go that's what you're talking. about yeah but you would do it. when you like that yeah. yeah yeah yeah that's you're such a crazy. person you know but that's why did you not like that. it because it's so annoying. well i mean what do. you mean yeah you know. is it remember that. chris remember when he would do that. when he would be eating something. and he would go and he' put it in his mouth. and go yeah yeah why would do every time. though it wasn't that i i it. didn't bother me yeah. it stupid but i mean. yeah it's stupid for sure. it's not very it's not that. bad no i just thought of it. you know i'm not saying it. was the worst thing you ever did. i think that uh it's one of it's one. of the medium things i've done. i don't think med it's not it's neither here. nor there calvin likes when i do it. so yeah calvin's four yeah well that's what it's four. pretty much you know. that's what it's for him. now yeah yeah mhm yes. exactly it's for fouryearolds. and things that are for fouryearolds. are generally not appreciated. by 34y olds you know what i mean. yeah yeah so um we're chilling. why did you both laugh. at that because it was funny. dude yeah why do you say why. did you laugh at that. after you say something that people laugh. at because i want to. know the ins and outs of it. and the dep don't you think. you know usually i do now. yeah because i've been asking so long. that's the only reason you can't just like i have an innate understand. understanding of it yes. of humor yes yeah it's a [ __ ] right. but you also have an innate understanding. of if you said something. that you this is going. to be shitty no if you said. something that was designed and said specifically to. garner laughter from those around you you ostensibly know why those people laughed because of the thing you said yes they laughed because of that but why for the same reason you thought they were going to. laugh not necessarily not necessarily but it's it's so annoying. to be like in the middle. of joyful laughter and then someone's like why. you laughing why. you laughing why. you laughing but i don't do that. though what do you do. a laugh idiot what is it. a laughter will happen forign and then i'll and then i'll let it go i say tell me why you laughed at that. um so we have the moment. and then we have the education. okay so you're a teacher. no i'm not a teacher. you're a learner i'm a student you're a student. yeah so that's what it. is yeah um yeah yeah i need i i i don't i really. wish my hair was gray. too honestly gray well i either. wish my beard was dark. was not gray or my hair. was gray i don't like looking like a skunk. then either die your i don't want. to d my hair never dy my hair. that doesn't that's not a reason. to not do something i remember one. time i was in uh mom. and dad's bathroom remember that that. green bathroom in the over on earl drive. yeah yeah that was a that. was it was a cool. bathroom awesome a weird bathroom. though dark deep green. that was very cool those tiles. that was cool but i wouldn't want. it would you i think i would oh i haven't thought. about that in 30. years or something yeah. so my my mom was like let's put highlights in your hair and i said no. and she's like let me just put a little lemon. juice in it sometimes it'll lighten. up your hair okay she's like really she's like yeah. i got it right. here so she put it in my hair. nothing happened obviously of course. cuz lemon juice doesn't die. in but my dad dad. walked in and he said what are. you doing and i was like i don't know. mom want put lemon. juice in my hair he's like n you don't put lemon. juice in his [ __ ] hair really yeah yeah what are you doing what are you doing really you don't put you don't dye your hair huh. like in a funny way. but also like he was right. like why would i do that. why not well i know. why not yeah right. there's no reason to. or not but like who cares. who cares who cares. enough to do it. one time we were on vacation. and i don't remember at all. why i did this i have no. memory of why i did this. i wish i i did but i took one of dad's oh this. i know why cuz i didn't know how razors worked. yeah and i was like i thought well you need cream for it. to work oh because i was like nine or something. you know and i took it to. my sideburn and i [ __ ] it up so hard and i looked like it actually looked to. me totally unintentionally looked like the playboy bunny. was sh i remember that i remember that. really i do remember that. uh and i i was like oh no. do i do it to. the other side to. make it less noticeable but then i was like wait that's only more noticeable. i got to just pretend. like it didn't happen. and then i maybe maybe nobody will notice and then right. away oh yeah the first moment. i'm around mom and dad. mom is like what happened. to here a sideburn yeah. what what what what uh why. did you do it because i was just like how i was playing. with dad's razer and you were like i want. you want to. know how it worked i thought. it wouldn't work cuz i didn't have any cream so i was like what does. this do oh oh dum. to say like that funny. yeah well how old were you nine. i think nine eight or nine yeah. oh wow i was definitely too. young we were in california no we were on vac. i don't remember where we on. vacation okay okay yeah you did. say that yeah of course it. did oh okay you know. and it was just like what. was it like it was yeah. you think it was like that. it was like this like mac 10. cover album album cover mary katherine mac 10. no no no no oh no okay. hit a sore spot. okay nah just it's not. you know i'm not that hits a sore. spot okay um i don't like fans. i don't like fans like not fans. of of of stuff is fine. but you're talking i don't like fans. toally f i don't like them. you don't like these fan i love. these fans those are better those are terrible. the the the dyson ones. yeah the the the dyson ones. the dice the ones. that just go yeah when i was little i used. to always think ceiling friends. were fall off and slice my head. off mhm we had a third. brother that's what happened to. him yeah uh demitri demitri's head. got cut off deia it's pretty. russian yeah well and we're at tyeing yeah i mean worst [laughter]. input what's up you you. loopy what's up i took a magic mind no i wish i was loopy. but i'm just tired i slept. d four maybe 4 hours. last night oh my god. did i send you terrible. did i send you the video of the guy. on yes yes dude will you play. it it made me uneasy. dude i know same but dude. did you watch the whole. thing no it's too long. we'll watch it on luxury. dude come on all right. but at the end he just goes wow. wow wow oh no he goes wi. out he's like 60 dude. he's on ketamine yeah ketamine that that makes me uneasy too man. ketamine is a disassociative that [ __ ] scares me because you can be like looking down at your leg someone's like hammering your leg with the [ __ ] hammer and you're just like if you're thinking about something else you don't feel it that is trippy that is so weird yeah yeah because the pain still happen you just don't feel it well the pain doesn't happen because it's all about the brain reception of it so it's not about it's not local the signal is sent to. your brain from your leg. that says let this body. know this hurts really bad. and so when you're on the ketamine if you're dissociating oh my god bro. you aren't getting that signal sent because there's like a cutting. of the the communication [ __ ] up. yeah um oh my god dude. that i'm tripping out right. okay let's let's start. some vide it's making me. feel really weird i know. it is i'm surprised. you liked that video i i i i i did. kind of i know but it was weird. it like you because you don't like [ __ ] like this all right. well i'm glad we didn't play. it then all right. let's go hey matt. hey chris just want to. say you guys through. this podcast which i love it's awesome. it's entertaining great um so what i could. you some advice on is i actually. just graduated uh college for emt. with this which is awesome. i'm really excited for i really excited break. into the next industry and do something. different uh but i've been working at this. highend uh highend fine dining restaurant. for almost two years now i'm a bartender. there and what happened. the other day is they actually just offered. me a bar management position. do because i'm only 22. and i think it could be really really good. experience i would learn a lot. to pay increase it's better. benefits everything but at the same. time i want to. start looking at jobs and doing something different. yeah um i really like the job. i work at now but i also want to. do more with my life you know. um so i was just wondering if you had any advice. or how you would approach a situation like this. um yeah anything would be helpful. so keep up the podcast. thanks so much guys. give yourself an amount of time. that's nothing that means nothing without any. more words afterwards i'm saying decide to. do it for a year. and then 's up after that. it's hard that's hard when you have the plan you. graduate you're going to. go in that field and then suddenly the thing. you've been doing you get all. that you like doing yeah. you get a pay bump. and a bump in like up. the pecking order that's tough dude. that's life trying to. be like yo dude hey no you do this. a little bit more i make it a little bit more. comfortable for you and and i'll keep your dreams. from you it's tossing a ch. that's life saying hey i'll let me let me. pull these dreams a little further. away but but it's going to. feel fine it's going to. feel comfortable dude you get a nice bed. or something you know. maybe you'll be able to. hire some cleaning ladies but dude. let me keep this dream. a little bit out of reach of you. right and that's what life's. doing so give yourself go like this. hey life i'll give you a year. i'll give you a year. and then guess what you're not going. to dangle that dream in front of me. but what if see here's the problem. with that what if something changes. and you get even this. that changes always though i know well no it will that's my point. it will change so say giving yourself. a heart out at a year. is kind of not i don't like stuff. like that oh really yeah. it's like give it about a year. reassess at that point yeah. you don't want to. say get out give yourself a year. and done tu january. 9th you b you bounce. it sounded like that you go. you go like this to. your boss i gave life a chance. yeah you sound sounded like he was think you're comm slower. side didn't he say. he was going to. be an emt the college. to be an emt but that's awesome. yeah you can be an emt that. there's no rush on that. so yeah take the pay bump. take the raise take the take the new position. see if you're loving life. loving life loving life. and then uh take it from there. you can always become an ent with the credentials you have. now it's not like people going. to be like no you took. 6 months right. took six months you're not allowed. to be an emt it's like they're they're they're hungry. for emts i bet they would be they would hire you instantly okay well you know yeah. probably someone would you think so yeah. emts are not like commonly super easy. to fill positions okay. okay that's fine great. sure uh but yeah if you're having fun doing the thing and then you are going. to get bumped up and get a pay. raise but better benefits doing it a similar thing. but with even more like whatever. power if you want to. call it that just try. that you're already there you you. know you know yeah i think you're right. yeah okay thanks yeah cool. next h chris and matt. uh so i recently got left. by my beyonce we were together. for a over seven years. and uh damn yeah she left. me in mark regardless. that's not what i'm calling that. oh uh so she my buddy. his wedding is in june i'm the best. man and uh she's going. to be at the wedding. right so i'm trying to. figure out the best. way to handle this. also she's in the wedding. party super unfortunate and that's not gna exceed. so i figured i call to. what you guys were doing this. situation how you would handle. being at the wedding with someone who you know. left here and how would you deal. with that yeah all right. well i look forward. to may hearing you guys. are great chris you're funny. as hell thanks bro. you're also funny as hell you. know what dude sometimes i'm just like this. is like kind of a bad. example but like sometimes i'm just like like if i have to. take a long flight i'm just like buckle up. this is going to. suck you know i guess. on a flight you can. zone out you can't really zone. out in your best friend's wedding. but like just be prepared. for this day to just suck. you know what i'm saying i think that's you. just got to. mitigate your like this is just this is just there's no i don't know what good could come out. of it maybe you know. there could be good that. come out of it. maybe she realized she made a mistake. and then you guys get together. or maybe you realize oh maybe we shouldn't be together. you know what i mean. but like this is just going. to suck as it's going. of suck but as far as the your behavior. at the wedding is concerned don't. act like nothing happened because when someone goes through. something extreme and then they act like nothing happened that is a tell a sign that. you're putting on some kind of act. and people notice and people are like oh he's losing it. he's acting like nothing happened. but act like it happened. but that you don't really care. all that much never better. be the best thing that ever. happened to me actually not. not not that it was. a good thing what's that. oh the ring here you go. but that it just happened. and life is life. and these things happen and i'm here at this. wedding to have a good time. people cuz i think one of the things. you're worried about is like how are you going. to have to. interact with people you're going. to it's like they're going. to be uncomfortable or something you know and you're going. to be aware of that. and it's going to. be weird and it's going. to be a topic of conversation. just act like it's all good. don't say it's all good. because the moment you start. saying it's all good everyone knows. it's not all good dude. all good yeah you walk. in like that you're really defensivo. yeah yeah uh i was going. to have one of these things. one of these wedding things. oh you guys remember but guess what it's all. good that i'm not cu i didn't. want to anyway well you know. i was yeah it's we were going. to have one of these say. to the fiance you know. mhm a that crazy. yeah but we're not now you know. whatever and i love that. and i love that. we're not having one. and that is that just how we kind of do. isn't that just kind of how we do it. yeah you know we thought. we were going to. do it and we're not and it's fine. but uh his wedding speed. his wedding speed that's his best. man speech yeah yeah yeah yeah just don't make don't make people uncomfortable it's not your day which sucks cuz i would i would be like this sucks not only is not only do i have to. feel this awkwardness but it's also. not my day i also have to. show up yeah you know. what i'm saying that's the worst. like at least if you're uncomfortable. a lot of times you're like all. right today i'm out hey day you got the best. of me but you got to. actually show up so that's why i say buckle up. as davis clark would say lock get locked in. yeah you know because get after get after it. yeah just get after it. do it for your boy. and then that's it suck. it up but you pull your friend to. the side and you say you better. not get [ __ ] divorced dude. i'm here because i want it. to be because i want to. help you but this is very awkward. for me if you get [ __ ] divor look at me if you get divor look at me if you get divorced. wow right before he goes out. there you know so his face is all pink. what he says i do you you. [ __ ] don't get divorced. okay yeah that's good. too slap your slap the groom around. a bunch in his face. um before he goes up. for his vows and stuff. mh yeah that is so awkward. though dude why would she break. up with you just before. that wedding dude give a speech and when you give the speech. first say well i was going. to have one of these wasn't i yes. that's what i could you [ __ ] imagine yeah i think i think i think we all know. she's here somewhere what honey oh. i'm sorry my ex. honey are you where is she ah she probably with some guy sucking them off anyway oh she's probably in the back sucking off some guy she's probably in the back sucking off not even somebody in the in the party just maybe one of the waiters uh anyway dude couldn't be a better. guy yeah tim this. guy hi tim who's tim. the the groom oh right. yeah yeah i mean come on man. i thought maybe you meant like she took a no date. i know and that it. bothered me that you thought. that cuz i was it. was very clear that he was starting. the speech after that i didn't think it. was that it's fine you. know i don't want to. hear it okay okay well now you're getting. defensive it makes me think i'm right all good it's all good yeah sucks man just just get through it dude grin and barrett you know grin and barrett okay next chris and matt what's up love you guys to. death chris you are the funniest. [ __ ] on the planet. hell yeah don't never let anyone. take that from you matt. the private record is fantastic. man keep doing what you guys. are doing thank just coming to. you guys today with a question. regarding passion cool uh been a. musician for many years. a rapper more specifically and i know how that sounds but trust me. it was going very very well. at a point um you know had shows. all up and down the east coast. won a bunch of competitions had label. meetings it really looked like something. that was going to. take off yeah um but long story short. fast forward i'm 38 got a beautiful family. cool things are going well for me. but man i miss it. and um i love it. so much i'm always thinking about uh song ideas. and things like this and then sometimes i'll sit down to. make music and it's just a a depressing. feeling because it's like man. what do why am i even. doing this who it feels. like a waste of time. anytime i put any kind of energy. into it why and um why do we think that i hate that. feeling cuz i love it. so much but i just was wondering if you guys. thought that it's worth. doing something that you love. even though there's no end goal. in mind and how do i not feel guilty about. wasting time doing something. that doesn't necessarily matter in my life. anymore um yeah love to. hear what you guys have to. say thanks a lot love you. guys dud we're right. your exactly how do i even say. this where you are and whether you're going. to continue to. make music or not like speaks. to exactly why an artist. is an artist or is not. an artist okay an artist. is not an artist just to. become successful at that. field that specific branch of the art. world whatever in your case it's music. you're an artist because you're have to. you have to. be doing it the speaking. of passion this is obviously the subject. of of your video like this. is what drives you it's what. you're passionate about it's what you care. the most about obviously outside of your family. but like external things out in the world. what you care about most is obviously. music whatever you do i don't give a [ __ ] if you're a garbage. man you're a ceo of some major company if what you love. to do is make music. it's not a waste of time. you should not feel guilt about doing it. it's what you [ __ ] love to. do and now more than ever. you can get music. out there and into. the world without any middleman. true soundcloud dude just like clips. on it doesn't mean you need to. be some [ __ ] rap star that's not the point in fact you know better. than anybody about about whether that's the point. or not you don't do it. anymore and you miss it. and you still want to. do it whether or not you. get tons of [ __ ] success like the answer is right. in front of you. you got to do. it you got you you literally have to. do it it's on your mind. it bothers you you still think about. it you left it. behind and that's why you [ __ ] still think about it you got to. be doing it and i know you probably misspoke. when you said this but you're like it doesn't matter. anymore in my life like i feel guilty doing. it but like it matters. if you think it does. it matters if you say it. does and it matters. and you know just because it's not bringing. money in or time with your kids. doesn't mean it's not important. for you you know like uh uh john lenon said you know. if you uh uh any time where you feel. like you're uh happy is good. what again [ __ ] real dude. how many times on this. show have you brought up. a john l you don't. even know what it is isn't. wasted anytime isn't wasted. and what is it whatever. it is anytime isn't wasted. that's what it is anyway. my point is uh you got to. you're being hard on yourself. dude you got to. let your you got to. give yourself that you got to. also take time for yourself. selfcare or whatever the [ __ ] somebody would say you know. and it's like you know do that. do hobby it's a hobby. yeah it's a hobby. creative outlet it's a creative. outlet and also you know. who knows what could happen. with this the sky's the limit you know you start rapping and you start doing good. [ __ ] maybe a clip takes off on tik tok sounds out yeah you know and next thing you know you got the next knees. weak arms are sweaty. you know what's that kn is. weak your bombs swe bom. on your s spaghetti you. nervous it's a pretty good impression. well the world knows i do. a good eminem impression. great i've had a people one. time someone stopped me and said i love. your brother's eminem impression. oh my god isn't that crazy. wow and i was like what it. took me a second i was like oh yeah. cool man so weird. what' you say that's what i said. at first i was like what i didn't. really knowbody like i'm not thinking about you and your eminem impression. when i walk around. so took me off i should be on your mind. caught me off guard wow and then i slapped. his him in his [ __ ] ass face really and where was it this. was just in a hallway. somewhere oh wow that's bad. and illegal yeah um all right. anthony did you laugh yes. all right unreal dude. just wondering how do people put up. with you well you do it. don't you sometimes how does [ __ ] kristen do. it is what i want to. know she gets mad don't laugh. like that why it was fake. shut the [ __ ] up understood i [laughter]. will oh [ __ ] dude i will laugh how i want and you will not tell me what is fake. and what is not when it. comes to my own. laughter thank you the first line. of a book if that was the first. line of a book. i would [ __ ] read the whole. goddamn thing no matter how bad it. got yeah like well that. first song was fire so french all right. next one br carston hey christen matt. no it's uh mike. from canada oh it's mike. from canada my c definitely. smells uh some on a recent podcast. uh questioning this. uh my my question is uh my [ __ ] does smell. that's your question but i've encountered some bushes in the wild. that like my come and i'm just wondering if i should uh get this. checked out christopher walkin dude. he smell my [ __ ] does smell. christopher wacom wait he what oh what is he saying. i'm sorry he's saying his com smells like bushes that's great. lucky dog who the [ __ ] who the [ __ ] is that lucky yeah. what is can you play. the whole thing again actually let's play. the whole thing again that was hey christen matt. it's uh mike from canada. uh my [ __ ] definitely smells i heard someone on a recent podcast uh questioning this uh my my question. is uh my [ __ ] does smell. but i've encountered some bushes in the wild. that smell like my [ __ ] and i'm just wondering if i should uh get this checked out. thanks bro what a great. guy think about this guy walking. down the street yeah just not you know. going to his car. okay and go and being like smells like my [ __ ] yeah that's i like it even more he's on a hike. and he's like out the kind of in the wild. and he's just like did i come that's so great. to be like do you guys. smell that what does it smell like. it smells like my [ __ ] no here it really does here. look here the bushes right. yeah bushes dude bushes huh. i wonder what kind of bushes. he's talking about he talking. about [ __ ] bushes it jiz. bush jizm the jizm bush. the jizm bush. dude it doesn't smell. man his does you think he's going. to lie i think you think he's going. to go on the biggest podcast. in the world with his face. and everything and say my c smells. like bushes if it wasn't true. it's embarrassing please clip him saying my c definitely. smells and also uh there's another thing. he said right. after that clip both those i got to. put them on my instagram. story that's so funny just just for no. context mik come definitely smells. waa what is this all. about yes there is there. really is a seman scented tree what is going. on some guys just going out and also known as the bradford pair. or the ornamental pair the pyus cerana tree tree. has the same characteristics of the corpse. plant the corpse plant. smells like absolute dead [ __ ] smell. yeah the smell it exudes attracts. certain insects so that they may. help the tree pollinate insects. called h in essence. the smell of semen is once again. attributed to reproduction oh. uh that's a misleading headline. why yes there really is a seman scented tree that. a guy was jerking. off on plants and then he goes like scientist. check out this what do. you think this about what you think about. this dude look at all. this i didn't do that. get a free tree just for chopping. down a jiz smelling one. you know riverfront times well if it's on riverr what is the invasive. tree that smells like sperm. dude what is going on. am i dreaming this. is so weird why do so many people i have so many questions. about this why are so many people aware. of a universal smell of [ __ ] the yeah why the worst sentence. who are all these people that. know what like that smell is. enough to be like oh that. tree over there smells like that yeah i get it. mine is unscented yeah i thank god dude. thank god what that want mine. to be unscented and it is oh yeah. for sure i would hate it. bro you know you walk think you know you're you're walking. through the mall and someone's like want a free perfume you know god no what what you don't people just spray like would you want a free oh god i would i would you don't know about this i would rage on someone yeah but i mean like but they don't have to. necessarily spray you it still smells so much. like that around them because they right. right yeah okay sometimes they'll just spray. you that should be illegal. you should be able to. kill i bet you could sue. somebody for that yeah i'm going. to sue well it has to. happen to you first walk. around the glendell galleria and see if it happening. me out oh my god look at this. idiot look at this stupid. look at this why does the air. smell like seen and it's s e. m an how dumb are people. dude why does the air. smell like a se why it's fishy. like chlorine or rotten okay. i'm pissed i'm pissed dude. i'm [ __ ] pissed why why does it smell. like rotten eggs who are you. disgusting [ __ ] d dude chlorine take a [ __ ] shower get a new body that's disgusting. oh whatever all right all. next one [ __ ] my come definitely does smell. yeah that guy was great. but where lead was not all. right all right what's up. man chris chris and map. how's it going what's up. man i have a question. regarding crossing the street so. usually you just wait for the cars. to go by and cross when there's a gap but sometimes someone stops and lets. you go ahead of them. so my question is when that happens. is it sa. [ __ ] to do. the little apologetic jog what a good. question yeah no across the street. or should you just walk at a regular pace. let me know this is good. question this is the have we not talked about this. before we've talked about a different. facet there is this is the example. of being helpful to. a fault this. is what we have talked about that. but we haven't talked about is it. subit to do that little right. like of course it is yes. is it to. do the jog the fake jog. yeah is it's so one. of the top [ __ ] things. i don't think it's one. the top [ __ ] things dude. okay what do you mean. yeah you're just like like like waving you know. yeah yeah yeah yeah the wave. is definitely it's a [ __ ] but you have to. do the way if you're going. to do it at all. i guess you could do it. not [ __ ] but in its on its face it's [ __ ] yeah okay got it so um don't do that drivers the car's going it's going fast. i will go after the car. yeah everyone is it's always good. that way when somebody slows down. for they're going 45. m hour they slow down from so far. away you're like are they slowing down. are they they are slowing down. [ __ ] all right okay they're and then you got to. run i don't want to. run yeah i want to. walk across the street. i know what i'm doing you're driving. do the driving part yeah i'll adapt yeah. if i get hit that's the game. dude the problem i think is in that certain states. like ours the pedestrian has the right. way so i think drivers stop because they're like i'm just following the law. some drivers are [ __ ] though they're like oh what's going on oh hold on go. go you know dude there's two things. i do when that happens. i either go diro wow so dao i did. do that though i go okay. yeah okay or i i go. i go and then walk what a dick. [ __ ] you are be nice to. a fault come on don't. be a dick to. the people no just just this and then no what you do. is w me in street. in the middle of the street. a m hey that would be great. h yeah but i think you. go you don't do. the little run because that's moonwalk. and go making everyone unhappy. the fake run that is really just a walk no. one's fooled by that. no one likes to. watch anyone else do it. just walk cuz you're going to. go at the same pace. anyway because that is a fake. run yeah but dude why do we do the fake. run that's why i like the question. what is that it's you're just like signaling that. it's people think it's polite. but you're not going faster. than walk that's what's crazy. about it what if i just what. if when i did it i just [ __ ] ran as hard as i could across the street. yeah like that yeah yeah. i don't know i think it's uh shitty. just the whole thing i that. that actually drives me nuts. though there's there's there's one thing. that makes me that drives me. way more nuts in the the driving. world than that what is it. it's when wow i'm actually getting i get heated even thinking about it. jesus okay so i'm go i'm coming. down the road okay. another car is coming in the opposite. direction towards me right okay yeah i'm with you so i i have to. go left yeah okay yeah yeah i'm now at the point where i have to. wait for this car to. drive pass me so i can go left. yeah of course yeah totally normal. hey not the part that. makes me upset yet yeah. i got that because nothing upsetting. has happened yet but i'm coloring it. yeah that's fine take your time. unlike you i like buildup okay so go ahead. the clouds are no and so so. then at the last moment. that guy turns right. oh that's that's terrible. i i i should have w. i should have won let me. tell you why that's terrible. and and worse than the crossing. thing yeah and it is without question. worse and i know you. think that but i'll tell you why. one is two like it's essence. it is it is considerate yeah. yeah yeah the other one. is completely oblivious and inconsiderate. or rude well rude by by. way of being so inconsiderate. how could you care. so little about other people that you're just like i don't even put my unless you're doing. it because i don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] them i'm doing it. this is how i do it. then that's rud rud yeah exactly. yeah dude that that drives me. so nuts it that happens. a lot all the time. all the time i did. it the other day. and i was like no no. no no no no no i i [ __ ] i i put on the blinker and i was like oh [ __ ] i wanted to. apologize i've done it. it's cuz i don't do it. i have done it it's it's just when you're absent in an absent minded moment. also what happens when you're like oh wait. this is the right. you're like you're not even like if you don't your way. around the place yeah yeah which doesn't really happen. to me i know my way. around everywhere it's crazy. it dro me anywhere i know my way around. you don't know your way. around a razer you hat that don't laugh. like that dude don't ever tell me. how to laugh again. understood all right next one hey matt. hey chris long time. f here i've been listening since. episode one but this is my first submission. um looking for some advice. with a coworker we work in a typical cubicle farm setup um he doesn't sit directly next to. me but in the cubicle like adjacent. to me and this guy will just whistle to. himself all day while he works. really annoying especially if i have like a deadline. or just trying to. focus on something it's so distracting. so frustrating with too he's way. up and this guy's a little bit higher. up than me in the company. oh no so and i'm just not confrontation. i'm jing so i just wanted to. see how you guys would handle. that any advice would be helpful. because i feel like if i don't do something soon. i'm just going to. explode and yeah you are thanks. she got in your head. dude that's the worst. part i don't let's just talk. about okay i had a i had allergies. from something and i had to. go to an allergist yes. and i would go do you know. do you know about this. any of it no the story the story no i know i had to. go to an and i went and he would do all the things. you know he had to. like prick you and like and then he' look in your mouth. and your ears and [ __ ] you suck his dick. and oh no i haven't been and um and it would be like and and he would just go. and it wasn't the worst. part about it is it. wasn't a song he was just humming to. hum yeah i get that. yeah if he was doing you. know the proclaimers come on that. would be weirder but better. but better but better you're saying but better why. better because then it why. is that the bad part. i don't understand actually i like that. that's so [ __ ] annoying to. me okay and he did it. all the time interesting you're weird. dude me i'm not the hummer that's weird. to to be what what was you're saying. you were pissed off about this. was annoying it's just like come. on bro it was loud. he would get closer. oh my well that's crazy. a car a [ __ ] car a transformer. so uh i mean that is that is very strange. anyway uh that was annoying and then uh then there was one. another time this has not this. has just reminded me. of it this has nothing to. do with anything but i can't remember what doctor i was. at but i was uh waiting for him. and i was like this. on the wall man mom. laughed at this when i told her that. this happened after it happened and i was like this. and the doctor came in and he says hey how are you and i'll never forget. his voice it was like very like how are you and it was a doctor i go. to all the time it was like a doctor that. i had seen for the first time. and he was like so how are you good. okay um can i ask you to. take your hand off the wall. yeah like that and i go. oh uh yeah sure and he says okay. because you see this right. here and he pointed to. uh a different wall. and said and said you see this. right here and i get it. was like a little bit of a like a smudge and he was like i said oh yeah. he says so that's when someone else. put their hand right. there and uh that's from guys. like you oh my god what a prick. and i go oh i'll never foret. said that's from guys like you guys like you yep. yep yep yeah yeah bro. yeah walk out of that. office right that's from guys. like you yeah wow that's from guys. like you he said and i i told that to. mom dude afterwards she laughed so hard. dude d mom laughs at doctor [ __ ] i know she does doesn't she she used to. laugh when i had that orthodontist who would always bump. into [ __ ] oh yeah the bump in head one she would laugh oh she would love that she love that our dr. basil omor dude he rolled back. in his chair on. my very first appointment had. a big mirror in my mouth. and he's looking looking in my mouth. and he just goes ah and he goes i mean. that's very fun his head. on a on like one of those lights. you know i can't believe i yeah. those stupid [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah you know just with the big arm and [ __ ] dude how about control it with two hands how about d it's so like get a [ __ ] flashlight. that's so dumb you get it. better yeah have a [ __ ] hold it you know so uh but um [ __ ] hold it i mean i don't mean a woman i mean like a [ __ ] guy okay could be a girl though i mean doesn't matter but uh equal opportunity but um i have my nose thing in i know do people see it yeah okay i want you to. know something it's very apparent. when you have and it looks really ugly. it look and do you want me. to be honest i already. no you're not going to. tell me something i don't know terrible. so confrontational but so you're not going to. tell me something i don't know so much. yeah look at me. straight on okay hang on it. looks horrible yeah but i had to. do it because i can't. breathe and and if i can't breathe. i'm going to die. and i don't want to. die live on the show. keep it with your mouth. open a crocodile you're a crocodile. be a crocodile i want. to breathe and so i put it in my nose. poetry keep saying keep saying what. you're were saying what continue about doctor far. um okay so i don't remember what the question. was you there was no question. you the whistling we go back. to the whistling there was a question. no no i'm saying you were saying. something before i said. the nose thing right i don't know [ __ ] but the whistling thing is crazy. and the higher up part. makes it terrible dude. yeah you're in trouble. i would you know i mean. you could whistle back then. he'll probably get the point. get the that's so passive agressive is. passive aggressive but also maybe you want. maybe got some good whistling. you want to. try maybe you try it. um well you can't honestly dude. you can't do anything this. guy's higher up than you. you're got you [ __ ] got to. get a new job maybe it's why. i don't have a regular job. but i would say something. for 100% well okay what would you say. why you whistle so much. oh that's good yeah you could do. that yeah yeah what's with the whistling. why do you do that. what is going on do. you do you i have a question. for you do you realize you're whistling or do you not. or do you are you. consciously whistling there's yeah there's always a way. this is good actually there's always a way. to inquire about something that. makes it seem like it's coming. from a place of curiosity. people will sometimes get defensive. anyway they will yeah you got to. be really good at it. too yeah yeah yeah but because no matter what. i say it in a way. if it's kind of if it's the christen she'll. be like oh you you got a tone and i'm like i really don't i just was curious. oh dude i got in the car. the other day and i was like dude. i we had to drive. separate because i had to. leave earlier but i was like should we take two. separate cars so i could leave earlier. so i could go to. my my therapy she was like i don't think so i was like okay. then can we leave early. enough all of us she's like yeah. i think it'll be fine. so i said all right. i get in the car i'm driving. she gets in the passenger seat we got the kids. and the nanny okay so she says i'm driving. down the street she says is it. okay for for uh if you're a little bit late. to uhoh to. group y of course not i'm [ __ ] yeah not because of being late to. group no i'm [ __ ] because no matter what. i say yes of course yeah. and how i say it. will be okay well i guess. there was one option would be yes it's okay. right how i say it. what then you go back. to how i say it. is it on text. you can't no no no it's right. here in the car damn. yeah it's okay but i thought drive. separate you said you said you drive. separate no she said don't drive. separate oh i missed. that part okay yeah yeah. so we're in the same. car so now it's okay. be l so now i'm already. in the car i can't. drive separate so you say and i already asked her can i drive separate. uh you see what i'm saying. so you say i don't like how you're not getting. this okay well now taste your own. medicine right cuz you you're the king i'm telling you where everyone is and and how many cars we took and and and and what i need to. do to get where and i'm doing. it all chronologically and and and and and how i should be and you're just saying like you took six cars. what if a lawyer did this to. to a judge so to. the jurry yeah yeah yeah oh so anyway um so now i'm i said i gotta yeah. what did you say so what i said. was uh oh um she says is i said well. yeah i guess so that's what i said. and then i i i had to. let her know because what do you think of this. i had to to. be me to. keep being christalia i had to. let her know so this. is just so to. let you know so this. is why i asked if we should drive separate. because i didn't want to. because i asked you. that and then and you said that. but and now you're not saying that. that's fine but yeah i guess. i could be late for a group. you got it wrong. you have it wrong you don't think. of it like i another crazy. layer that's involved to. to remain crystalia to. be crystalia you have to. do it a certain way. that's not how we think. of things to. get by in i'm not truly me. if i don't let it go. if i don't let it go. it'll become cancer later that's not. accurate though okay there's also another layer. though okay well what's the other layer. so at least i know before i say what. i when i got into. the car i smelled food. okay okay i mean yeah but what does that. have to do with anything. i had asked her uhhuh before. she said could you be late to. group we're in the car i said is there. food in here somewhere uhhuh. and she didn't answer huh. well that's just weird now i think it's because she was worried. about getting there on time. and she was doing her. makeup and [ __ ] then she said the thing about you doing the group thing so now i say like well this is why i asked you she didn't answer. about the food thing. though so now i'm deep. in the uh oh but i also want to. know if there's food. in the car but i can't. now ask remember what i said. earlier i want to. know is there food i'm going. to seem like the biggest [ __ ] but i'm not though why would you seem like an [ __ ] if you asked again about food. i don't understand oh you don't women. well i don't i dude. let's play it out dude. okay hey uh can you go say. can you go other group. all you got to. say go ear group can you go. earlier to group. or late is it okay. if you're going to. be late to. group uh yeah yeah i guess. this is just so you know. this is why i asked. if i should drive separately and and then you said. no so i thought that that would mean. i would we would all leave. for it but it's fine. i guess it's fine. if i'm late for group is there. food in here you didn't. answer if there's food in here i mean. how do you do it. well i mean like that. i guess that would have been fine. right she goes like this. i can't answer that right. now i don't know i'm i'm stressed. getting ready and so i'm like she still. didn't [ __ ] answer yeah what the hell and now i'm like is she bringing food. to the thing because we need to. set it up or did. she leave food in here what what what's the deal. i don't know i still don't know. if there was food in there and dude. she she she was saying like i can't. answer that right now because all you have to. say yes or no well i can't answer. that anything else that comes after. to that you already would. have exactly answered it by. now and i want to. say that but now i can't say that. you can't say that yeah. but i'm i i was so deeply [ __ ] in this situation i was so deeply [ __ ] were you confused. like were you like perplexed as to. why she wouldn't just say yes. or no about the food. i have uh theories okay i think yeah she didn't want. to give it to. me she didn't want to. give me the answer because she wanted to. withhold something from me. why therapy that's why. you know what he was annoying. about the driving thing. i'm i'm not going to. answer that question uh isn't it. interesting how people are mhm. just festering so hard. deeply [ __ ] in that situation. dude and i don't think i did. anything wrong dude as a matter of fact. i think i played it. right i'm guessing there's something. that you are leaving out. not on purpose i know. that if christen was here she'd be like but this. and then i would be like oh that. makes that make more sense. yeah but you know. we are who we are i want to. play this for her and i want. to understand what she thinks okay. because i'm sure she will illuminate illuminate things. for you the what i just said. is such a [ __ ] thing that every guy has kind of been through. and it's just like dude. i still don't know if there was food. in the car i don't think there. was because after we got out. we got everything out there. was no food in it. but then i'm like did she leave. there's no food. in the car yeah but then i want. to ask her you leave. mcdonald's in here or something. but then it seems like i'm accusing. her of something why do you even. care there's no cu. i don't want her to. leave mcdonald's in the [ __ ] rsq8 dude oh oh yeah well yeah yeah sure oh that's a dope rsq8 thanks very much why does it smell. like burgers yeah my wife. you can you can also just say why. does it smell like burgers. in here before you exit. burgers in here yeah. and she could say you think so or or she would say. because this and this is the reason. i i wish she would just be like i had mcdonald's. earlier she probably would if she said she said that. she would maybe i'm all twisted. up yeah whatever you want. to do one more i'm all twisted. what do you think yeah. do all right what's up. matt what's up chris um what's up. dude so my question. today is about the afterlife i was diagnosed. with cancer in november. i went through four rounds of chemo and by. the end of february i was cancerfree. diagnosed cancer free but throughout my chemo when i was sick often times i was thinking about if i didn't make it i was doing a lot of research about the afterlife i was thinking about the afterlife all the time every day yeah nearly all the time every day and wanted to. ask your guys thoughts what do you believe. i was doing a lot. of research about neardeath experiences and people. who supposedly talk to. spirits who have confirmation that. there is an afterlife doing res. on people who say there's just nothingness and there's nothing when we die. how often do you guys think about this. and what are your thoughts. on afterlife thank you well. first of all first of for i'd like to. say thanks for giving me a panic. attack but second of all. no i'm kidding uh i think about it. a lot i used to. think about it much. much more but i still think about it. quite a bit uh i think pretty specific things. i think that all signs. point to their being what this. guy is referring to. as nothing if that's what you want. to call it but i think ndes are our brains sort of like giving us. what we need to. be able to. transition into a nonexistent state. without freaking the [ __ ] out. yeah but you don't i i don't know. that that's the thing it's like no. i i'm not saying i i pr. everything i know i'm not saying you said it. wrong but it makes the most sense. to me that that's what brain. is doing because ndes are generally pretty uniform. when you hear people talk. about neardeath experiences why. would you sign an nde for that. they they say very similar. things and that leads me to. believe that there are there's some process in our brain. that you know our brain. does something specific that when it thinks. we're dying or in an extremely high. stress danger situation it does. this thing that puts us through. this experience that we experience as going. toward the light we shed. all fear and we lose. all all whatever about dying. and you know we're we're at peace. and we accept all that. whatever it is wow. what a cruel trick. you know no what a beautiful that's not. a yeah i know but well okay. fine but play it out. you're like this oh oh no. oh oh it's beautiful yeah that's that. is you go oh oh psych. no because you're dead. see when you're dead. there's nothing no that's why. it's that's why it's not a dirty. trick it's genius if that's what it. is the brain is like the most unbelievably amazing. you se you ever seen my stand. up dude um i don't know if there's an afterlife i would never say. i think there is or there. isn't because i have no idea and when people talk. to you about god. it's super annoying and when people talk to. you about how there is no god. it's super annoying h how would you know. sure yeah how do you know. well the only reason to. talk about there not being a god. is when someone's of shouting in your face. how there is one. of course of course of course and you know. it's it is what it is. i just don't think that uh i don't i don't know. i don't have a clue. i i [ __ ] hope so well we have a clue. in so far as there. is no evidence of an afterlife we could say. well there's no evidence of it. and so therefore i can't believe in it. because to believe in something. there would have to. be some kind of something to. say oh that might be there whatever. but that still doesn't mean it. isn't there i guess i guess for me. it's like i don't know i think of mor. a lot of the time. i think about ghosts. and [ __ ] you always talk about like are there ghosts. and it's like i okay sure where where are the ghosts. hey possess me dude i'm ready. i'm chill like be around. me i don't give a [ __ ] use my body but they don't want to. be in your body dude. are you kidding me. dude no they don't want to. they're you're you would annoy them. i'm funny as [ __ ] you could be a funny ghost ghosts don't want. to be funny dude. i like when people stories about ghosts. are not trying to. spook you out they're just like trying. to chill but dude. that's the thing that always you. hear thing it's like oh yeah. and they were trying. to [ __ ] kill my you know and move a a mirror so to. spook me it's like dude. ghosts don't want to. just chill right i think most most ghosts. do just want to. chill that's why they don't most ghosts. aren't up to. anything so you don't hear about. ghosts very often all i'm saying is if if if if there are ghost out there like possess me oh y hello i am morar [laughter] i am morar from the afterlife wow wow anthony loves it yeah that's a thing anthony would like for sure cool if ner n just rewinding just talking in tongues i am morar from the afterlife all i am in cryster right now i am so funny [music] all right i'm done have you heard the one about i'm done you can keep going what's the deal with cell phones what the [ __ ] i didn't know these would exist i died in the 1200s what is an iphone let alone a razor phone all right good we're good okay i don't know man you could go further with it go ahead you're telling me you're telling me you can call someone that isn't even close to. you ah maya marar all right. all right thanks everybody. finish it we love you. sign up for patreon dot com. lifeline luxury get that live show. in front of your eyes. do some giggling do. some loving you'll be loving. life you said you were done. you know thanks everybody. we love you hello. hello [music] hello hello hello. hello 