 runk hello hello hello hello hello now we're rolling yeah. dude man we did lifeline. last night live in irvine. and it was so fun. it was actually way i thought it was going. to be fun but i couldn't believe how fun. it was and it was so good. and i will say it was one. of my favorite experiences on. stage probably now that makes me feel good. everybody you included or you were guys were all asking me everybody. here am i nervous am. i nervous and i'll be honest. dude i for whatever. reason i mean i think i know the main reason i was not nervous at all. and i didn't even have like jitters. when we walked out i thought like oh i will when we're about to. go out but just knowing that if it tanked like i'm on stage with just like my favorite comedian. so it's not going to. be that bad you know. uh jerry jerry was there. no jim gaffigan was right. next to me the whole time. just wait just waiting like this. but he never he never had to. come out pocks um christmas. tree i think that it was great. and it was it's going. to be on patreon. so it's not up yet. but if you can go on patreon patreon uh dot com lifeline. luxury uh and you get on there. now you'll be able to. get the access to. the show and we drop it. and then also there's lifeline luxuries on. there right now that you can get so and straight. up i honestly think that it was the best. episode of lifeline was the best. it's so nice to. be able to. interact with you in real. time but it's it's different. though cuz some cuz doing it. on zoom isn't the same. something about with the audience. and it was just great. it was so fun it. was special honestly and i want to. do more so we'll see what's going. on and frankly not only was i up. there just feeling like i was loving. life loving life loving life. i could tell the audience. mhm and when i looked out. that they were just like love. and life love and life. i don't know man and i was wearing this. hat you were wearing that so it's so chejo check it. out on the patreon and uh and that's good and i'm going. to be in chattanooga. uh tennessee and i'm going. to be in uh charleston west virginia. and i'm going to. be in irvine i'm going to. go back to irvine and do my stand. up there uh d uh de moine iowa. green bay wisconsin and uh and then i got my australia. and new zealand uh dates. so go over there and then oxar to. california uh and you know everyone's saying why don't you come. to new zealand and it's really. really getting me going because i say i'm going. to australia and new zealand. and they only hear australia. and they say why don't you come. to new zealand and it really gets me. how is that even. possible oh dude the internet. the internet you say new. zealand and they say why. don't you new zealand. but i will post a show. that i was at be like green. bay was amazing and then somebody under that will be like man. i wish you would come to. the midwest i wish you come to. green bay you know what i mean. yeah so this and there you have it. only more to my point. that i keep making more. and more which is that people are. so stupid try to. imagine how stupid you're not. even close they're way. stupider so go to. chris dot com to. get those tickets and uh check out. matt's podcast private record at the theprivate. record dot com and uh if you have a thing. submission a video that. you want to. do for us send it on over. at watchat lifeline dot com. or leave us a message. on the hotline and uh. if you want a oneonone advice session. with matt go to. mata dot com did you you never mention. the hotline good job. and also of course if you want the merch. go to lifeline merch dot com. look and get that dude. last night a bunch of people bought this. and i forgot how amazing. the black hoodie is you get the absolute beautiful. look at the script look. at it look at it. look at the script and the artwork. it's absolutely fantastic and if you want. coming or going look coming or going. wow wow look coming or going. coming or going right. there you got the lifeline. on that pocket right. there it says lifeline what's it. say they lifeline call now. and they don't know the thing. and there we go. beautiful and look at it. you know and you know it's just got that. pizza on there and the has no idea. what it brain with the fork. in it just lifeline. style uh absolute anyway dude. i watch just old qvc clips. not like not bloopers okay. whoever there thinks you know what i'm talking. about oh yeah i love the bloopers. that's not what i mean. so get over yourself i don't know. if anyone's really doing get over. yourself thinking i'm talking about the bloopers. i'm not talking about the bloopers. i'm talking about just regular old local. like from you know kansas. city qvc from like 1989 i watch it. okay and i watch it. for a long time i and and then i taught myself i watch local. weather channel stuff from like outside st louis. the most just cuz i want to. do it okay not bloopers. the most boring person alive. dude no it's really time. for some weather it sounds utterly backwards. but fascinating it fascinating stuff. i can't recommend it. more cuz you like to. think about those people's lives and stuff. and i like to. think about how different things are now. they were then and one guy is like you know. getting a divorce and deeper. and his and his penis. is like bigger soft. than it is hard. sader not not possible i'm just saying no. it could it could congeal and so um yeah and so anyway um that that was uh that. was really fun though last. night we did the lifeline. live last night it was so fun. i want to. do more um yeah let us know. we'll see not only if we should do more. but where we should do. yeah where's our demo where's. our where's our where do we want to. go to yeah you know we don't want. to go to like you know. new zealand because that's probably. not our demo newand who knows man uh is it iowa is it. florida new zealand is in uh it's not is it florida. is is it ohio. is it eugene oregon. where is it everybody. let us know yeah yeah yeah could be florida. could be florida could be florida. dude you know love me. honestly as long as it's not shreport cuz i don't ever want. to go there again. oh okay dude shreport i got pulled. over in shreport a johnny. [ __ ] cash song dude that's second episode in a row one of us said something that sounded like a johnny. cash song you actually sang something. last week no last night. i did the elvis song thing. no i know but on the last. episode of this show okay. you said something and i said johnny. cash song yeah so it's all good you know i got pulled over in trep. you never ever seen a man. blood coming out of man's. eyes doesn't go together you know you know what i mean. like that's but he always took it to. the real dark real quick. johnny cash yeah i was shopping in a kart you then i saw a man bleed. to death in the aisle. bleeding to death in the aisle. wow that' be a good cut more people bled to. death in the aisle and there. was so much bloody mess. in the aisle i got my amenities and god. out there no way dude. people just loving it. people in just just in fort worth. just yes yes do you know. the story about dad and mom taking us. to see johnny. cash in north carolina i do. when i was three i do okay. did i tell it on the show. i think no you okay. thank you anthony the only person. who ever pays atten sound. more like a death guy. though anthony when you talk no you no. you didn't dude come on you didn't sound. like that how would he know. he's de so i my dad. the only movie he ever made he shot it. north carolina that is true. he's made more than one. movie no he hasn't yeah he did. the dy west story that's a tv. movie it's a movie the only feature film that came out in movie theaters. before okay so we like get specific with such a prick. we like to get specific. with the words okay okay. anyway uh he was shooting it. and we went down to. visit him me my mom. and my brother from new jersey. and one of the things that there. was to do in the nowhere. in north carolina at the time. was a johnny cash. concert he came to. town big tent i remember. it like it was yesterday. dude okay we're we got good. seeds we're like the big hollywood. people from new york. making a movie and we're in like the third. fourth row right. in the middle and in the middle. of the concert johnny. cash between songs goes and this is this is a song i'd like to. dedicate to the man. upstairs and in in the quiet. part between that and the song coming up. i however old i was three or four. groaned and said oh no. not another song about god. yeah dude and everyone in the bible. belt turned and looked at him. and that was when they thought he was satan. a threeyearold sat from new. york you know is that the hollywood. family yep is that the hollywood. family anyway here's a song i love the man. upstairs and then his eyes. there was blood all over the cross and the fields and the fields and there. were nails in his. wrists and nails in. his ankles and the blood was coming out. so much oh my god that would be a good one. i would listen that one. for sure yeah i can't believe how much. blood there was then someone saw him and said i can't believe a man. is dying so repetitive so not insightful. you know no dude someone saw him. and said i can't believe a man. is dying so bad. dude dude all country m all of the johnny. catch the song would be like a subject. that's not death uh prison. no no no like some one. that's like happy lucky. obviously prison hey we're in a cell. and i'll bash gu's head in makes sense but i you me pick like that he would sing about no no like pick something okay like tell vacationing i went on vacation and saw my wife's head off blood spouting out her neck area area try to. put it back on but you can't do that. they don't have rickr surgery. that'll allow that even if they did she'd probably still be paralyzed. that's what we get for going. to jupiter florida. wor vacation worse vacation. anyway dude uh i know a lot of places. around around so jupiter's just one of them. he knows a lot of places. cuz he had that song i've been everywhere. is that him i don't know. is that him i don't know. yeah yeah you're talking about ludicrous. i've got hoes i've got h. l ludicrous the lou act ar that. would be funny actually that is what. it is if a loung act singer. did ludicrous there is something. like that but also ludicrous is. basically that yeah ludicrous. 781 dude remember when ludic got mad at you. uhhuh does anyone know. that story cuz that is absolutely. hilarious dude the fact that someone could get mad. at someone at a roast for roasting. them well i i it wasn't that. actually specific no i it was the justin paper. roast he got mad at it it there. were we all wrote jokes. and then we uh did our roast and you know. as you're going you're like i'm not going. to do that one or i'm going. to do this yeah um and there was one. about paul walker that. i was like nah skip. that one because i didn't want. to do it cuz he died. and i felt kind of bad. you know yeah good call um and it just felt like it. wasn't going like in that. direction so i didn't do. it and then afterwards. i was like what's up. bro that was a good job. and he was like nah man. you you made fun of paul. walker and i was like no. i didn't and he was like yeah. you did paul walker. jokes and i was like no. i didn't i skipped it. oh my god and he was like nah. man and then he shook jeff. ross's hand who made pa walker. jokes dude what and i was so. it was it all happened. it was so fast. and furious i couldn't even. believe it i have a question. though why are there so many people making paul walker. jokes because roasts because ludicrous. was in it and they were making jokes. about ludicrous and saying like oh you know what i mean. it's probably cu you look. so much like jeff ross. yeah maybe burn baby. burn all right well so that's that's good so anyway. we had a good time. so let's uh let's get into. it yeah yeah i mean. what up man chris. checking in from the y anyways. for you how would you handle. the situation so i got invited. to a party and myself and the party. host have a mutual friend. so i hit up the mutual friend. and i'm like yo are you going. to this guy's party tonight or this. guy's gathering or whatever the situation. is and he's all part. what are you talking about. and i'm in a situation where i asked. somebody that i assumed was. invited to the party. if they were going and now i feel like the bad guy. because now maybe am i adding some tension. between them and now i have to. explain that this guy's doing. something and this guy wasn't invited. and then this guy's going to. get mad at me for telling. about the party i don't know what to. do in a weird situation it's happened. before with parties gatherings dinners whatever. the heck and i'm not really sure i how to. navigate this because this. a very uh awkward situation. how do i moonwalk. out of this how do you guys handle it. you guys are the best appreciate. it yeah it's happened. stop do i mean learn. your lesson what do. you mean it's happened. before happened before why did you do it. again dude for parties get togethers hangouts. when people are hanging out a bunch of different. people coming over it's happ. a bunch of people throw out an evite i mean. justar uh dude okaying all you do. you can't do anything now you already. [ __ ] blew it up man. you got to in moving. forward next time it happens. text the person throwing the party. saying oh hey is so and so invited. yes okay then i'll text. them and see if they want to. go whatever no okay i won't text. them by not doing that. you've exposed that you're [ __ ] dumb. dude it's so obvious it's so obvious. to not do that. and then also here's the other thing. though anyone throwing a party. you're going to get found out. there's instagam there's twitter there's all sort so it. doesn't matter so you just got to. be like yeah i didn't invite you. or make sure you invite everybody. you wanted to right. because sometimes you forget to. invite people you know and it's not because you don't like them. of it's like oh [ __ ] yeah what the [ __ ] dud totally yeah also don't throw parties cuz by throwing parties you're going. to get get yourself into. trouble but that guy obviously knows people who throws. parties he's he looks like he belongs. at every party there ever. was if i ever throw a party. that guy's invited he's been there. yeah to your parties. exactly you just didn't know. yeah yeah no i would definitely invite. that guy to. my parties i was hard. on him i called him. dumb but i didn't mean's. not i didn't mean it. he's just drake i didn't mean. it okay okay n he's not dumb. but also he's drake and you can you know. how he smells he smells like so much cologne. and that's f do you don't even. no no one knows no. one knows how he smells because he's never knock out. jar noir right right. right right right right he might smell. great but you know. how some people go. like this and then go into. it and just go he just goes like this. 19 times people one person has choked and almost died when anyone walked by him what does he do. though that guy as a job. i don't know no what does. he do in this situation. i don't i think it's lost. you already [ __ ] it up it's like breaking a plate. and being like what do. i do how do i not break. the plate try to. put the you broke the plate. how you going to. eat um i think yeah you [ __ ] up and this is bothering me. for sure the other guy. i knew it would why. is it why would you throw it. there well i i threw it there. and i was like oh am i bothering [ __ ] it it too late. didn't care enough about. me you know no i do but because i wasn't sure if i had confirmed it by you i wouldn't have done it okay but um yeah i don't know i think that uh you just i don't know now he now the other guy has to. be invited you know that's yeah. you gotta you know what you got to. do you gotta call. talk to the guy. that's throwing the party and be like listen. man i i [ __ ] up pretend you forgot to. send this guy an invite but not right. now that's what you do. dude there you go all right. now you got advice you happy. now don't do it right. then no yeah be like dud. don't do this right. now it's later anyway but yeah right. right but for all the people that out there. that obviously this advice might apply. to this is the thing. to do text the person. that thr a party say. man i need a favor. i'm really really sorry da. da you got to. invite this guy because da d d d thank you. or be like what what party. i wasn't invited be like well jokes. on you all expenses paid. you're my guest but what if the person. really didn't want him to. come then everything's [ __ ] up cuz what if the person the part is like no i don't like that like oh dude you have co. we can't come you have co. yeah yeah all right and then he's like no. no i don't have co. i just test it he's like no. no no no you you can get it. though tomorrow you're going to. get it tomorrow yeah all right. all right next one hey matt. and chris it's danielle from toronto. hi danielle quick question you know. sin bad was he great. in a genie movie yeah oh no. oh that's a great submission. you know why brevity yeah. but that's that's one of those um mandela effects. yeah mandela effects the answer. we all anybody who knows. about this the answer. the actual answer is no. yeah that being said we've talked about the mand. is the shack yeah but i don't do. you think people are just mixing. those up in their minds. and if yes why would they mix up shaquille. o'neil and sinbad it i don't know it's not they don't even look. remotely alike and don't give me the thing. where they're both black dude. come on no they don't look. alik they don't look anything. alike well he's lightskin sh. exactly and also like there's no overlap. between those two guys no one's a [ __ ] comedian one's a basketball way. earlier not the same eras i. know it makes no sense. what is what's um is there. a movie called shazam too no shazam. is the movie with the marvel guy. zachary levi or whatever. people think that there's a movie shazam. with sinbad and it's weird but i have i feel i do have a memory of seeing sinbad. in a genia costume so. i don't know what the okay. so listen to. this i read a theory. my friend sent me. a theory okay which is hilarious. cuz he's into. this mandela effect. [ __ ] like really into. it he remembers this sinbad. [ __ ] okay he remembers the same. thing as mandela in jail. like i remember that too. dead died in jail medel the headlines. there's a couple other ones. uh ones to do. with far scump there's a couple really big has that's not true people think sally fields name is. sally fields not sally field. oh i i don't have that okay. so there's a there's a bunch of them. anyway there's this theory that he sent to. me that people think that ever since. the large hyron collider was. built that the what the large. hron collider was built. in switzerland or is it. in sweden where is that. [ __ ] i don't know what that is so that you know what i'm talking about hold. on yeah the the um the large. coll the part the part. the m massive particle. accelerator they built underground in europe. okay okay just to. like find out like this is how they like estimate. when the [ __ ] big bang was and [ __ ] okay and this is how the ban. the the the higs boan dude. they finally like located. the higs boan dude. okay dude are you laughing. because i used to. talk about that as a joke. no i'm laughing because chris. just this is all anyway anyway. it's like this is how they discovered makes laugh. it just makes me laugh. anyway i don't want to. get into it. cuz because of who you are but um anyway people think that this. has shifted like time and put people on different. planes and put the earth back. together look that [ __ ] up it's hilarious. dude that these people have these no. he doesn't think that but he he he is. interested in the mova effect. and all the ideas that people have about it. and one of them d. was utterly look at that. that's amazing that someone does that. [ __ ] was she does what makes a fake vhs of it. yeah what it was this. right it's from this but like i mean. not saying anything specific but i remember this. see that's that's okay anthony. that's what the mandela effect. is that's not a movie. doesn't exist that's not a movie. no anthony you don't understand. that isn't a movie i completely. understand no you don't get it. never existed what would it take. for anthony to get mad honestly. to get mad he has a level of boiling that he's tamed and it's it's always at that. certain level and it's almost at a breaking point. at all time but he learned. to talk quiet through. it oh okay yeah well that's interesting. cuz i thought he was just unflappable in a way. is because he's he's taming it. he's tamed himself chris [ __ ] nailed it. to oh wow good job chris. i mean i nail. stuff too but good job. chris but i know but so i know stuff. but yeah it is weird. though that we do have a memory of him. as a genie i don't have that. memory you know why smartness. oh mandela in prison. was one that's i do have that. one i mean that is so etched in my memory. as a kid i remember seeing the headline. nelson mandela dies in jail. dude what are other ones. i told you a bunch of other ones. man i know there's um fruit loops. is one what that's not. you can't just say that. so hungry loop the way. you spell froot loops go. go ahead why don't you spell fruit. loops l o o p wow oh so dumb. dude spell both words f. r ui t l. r o o t yes i think i actually don't know which one it. is doesn't even know it. but that's a mandela effect. did you look up. everybody everybody for some reason. agrees that it's one. of themth would you look up. how to spell fro lips. for real for reals thank you. okay but i'm mad oh. it is yeah i remember being ui. but that's just like a memory for it. no yeah but what's interesting. is that a lot of people have them. so do froot loops mandela. effect and that's 100% obvious. no i think he did. it right no he did it. right but now we're doing something. else oh god damn it. oh mascot such a bad googler. just an dude this laptop and ah blaming the laptop and andella froot. loop sandela okay yeah so say yeah. oh no it's obviously the 54. mandela effect examples let's talk about this on luxury dude okay this is too much do another submission okay perfect mustache hello hosts of the lifeline podcast my name is ryan question is is it chris and matt or matt and chris god that is soting why did both of you just say your own name uh my wife thinks it's meline and ryan and not ryan and mine she thinks it should go in alphabetical order and i say that it should be the person you knew first and then that addon person so like if i knew another couple i'd say that's john and agree samantha because i knew john first let me know i agree i think dude the way he just did that bear with me he knows they know a couple named john and samtha him and his wife he's having an affair with samantha but he pretended to. not remember her name. for a little bit because he wanted to. throw his wife off the track. okay i'm on to. you ryan you know. i'm right don't [ __ ] with me. ever again dude what if there him and his wife are watching this. right now and his wife looks and he's crying. he's gone and like the door is. flapping you know um yeah i i well i a good question and what's weird sorry. one more thing the last caller. said hey matt and chris. and i notice it when they people say. hey matt and chris because i even think it's weird. to say matt and chris chris and matt. think just because you're king first. yeah exactly yeah that makes sense. because you were saying chris a lot. before matt because mat so like obviously the parents. would say it it's also weird. to say the younger brother. first and trust me. i am very young. so it's weird to. do that you know it. is it is uh but if it's not brothers. i think that's what he said. i would probably just honestly. i would probably do whoever's older. first i would just i don't know. i think that's probably about but what if it's a couple. and they seem the same. age yeah yeah true. i would do i think it's what. he said right. the one you know better. the one you know definitely not. necessarily first the one you know. better who probably prob the one. you know first for a while and then maybe if you know better. then yeah then it changes. just like which one do i know. better okay you know who no. better samantha no i would i would agree. with this guy alphabetical has nothing to. do with it that's way. wrong and your wife is [ __ ] dead. wrong but here's the other thing. too there are also names. that sound better yes like chris and matt. sounds better than matt. and chris i think matt and chris. no chris and matt sounds. better than matt and chris for sure. yeah cuz something about the chris and matt. yeah mat matt no it sounds better. so that's what you do. it yeah so we figured it out. and that's all wife's all [ __ ] up yeah your wife's all [ __ ] up she should go to. therapy for that that's a bad. bad way she does things. just just bad yeah she's bad yeah all right. we figured it out. thanks ry great honestly. great mustache for real does a really really well lot. of hairs cap well orchestrated mustache. wellkept mustache hair is per. capita well uh placed mustache. perfect symmetry i like it oh yeah. coming mhm all right oh so sexy. with not from canada. big fan been watching since. episode one and ever since then been trying. to think of something that i could submit. took you a while uh to. be honest i probably should have. waited longer this is a weird. question but i want to. know if you guys that your c. has a scent not a i think it. has like a a bleach chemically a but my bud. checked out we've been arguing. about it for years. he thinks there's no scent. at all he can't smell. anything and that just doesn't make sense. to me cuz everything has a scent. so let me know that. isn't true i got a bad batch. or what's going on here. i got two things i don't want to. think about this guy's [ __ ] jizm. dude i was going. to say jizm that's not that's so weird. i never even say that. neither do you neither do. i weird what we also we both. both said the same word earlier. that was weird weird oh we um so uh i think two things. about jizm that is. not that that that is that people disagree. with you think two things about jizm. yep okay go one. is it it doesn't smell. at all i look my jm and all the other men's. jm that i smelled you know. it i it doesn't smell. okay and here's another thing. all and this is what i don't. like it's not white what do. you mean it's like clear. every time that pe it differs dude. people's come is different it's like. some is clear some is thicker and wher and i don't like that. i said that it's disgusting. well you made me say. that i didn't make you say it. you made me say it. dude it's it's more clear. all the jizm i've seen. is all clear in porns. it's all clear it's always clear. porns dude why is porns so funny. to me to. say it's not it's it's not why. bro people draw it white people. pret say it's white it's not. white it's clear. dude i'm getting angry. oh well can anyone else. chime in here chris anthony. he's just wrong anthony's never had an orgasm but he's seen come he's seen as you would say porns i so nervous just okay um well so you want to. go the answer is both. it is both there's a spectrum. though it's some comes look different. other comes yeah it's not opaque and it's not translucent. it's somewhere in between it's it's it's a or sorry. it's not transparent it's like. a translucent color yes he's right. the man is right. when the man's right. the man's right if you put a lot. of it in a cup it. would look gross. like a color it would look. white you're right. hey hey hey he's talking sense. now i'm disgusted but he's talking sense. if you took a drop or two it. would look clear done. it done it i mean. teaching bill ny bill n the [ __ ] guy it's the same. reason why bill n the jizm guy. same reason why what same. reason why if you um you know took a cup of water. from a lake it's clear. but the whole lake the guy. dude you ever noticed that. jizm is translucent well. let me come on over. here why am i standing near. a lake kids in third. grade just crying you know. give me that give me that. be what' you learn in school. today kids jizm. is not clear an old man. took me near a leg. and me about jizm did this. guy um bill ny the come. guy bill ny the come. guy dude d this guy. wasn't asking about the no. he wasn't but we took it to. a better place cuz what he's talking. about is utterly disgusting. it okay it doesn't preacher. i don't want to. think about a guy smelling his own. i don't want to. think about me smelling my own. i don't want to. think aboutone smelling their own. well we're getting demonetized say jism and maybe we have a fighting. chance all right anthony can bleep it he's cool. anthony knows what's up don't bleep. jiz we don't ever get flagged. anthony's good at it. okay bill n the jiz. bill n the splurt guy. you know bill n the alism. guy what alism what is that i don't know is that something. no why do i say alism. a magician coming alism. she turns into a [ __ ] wow wow. don't get it on anything. oh no you going arrested. her for beastiality i swear. it was a woman my my my jizm. it's alchem jism here watch watch mr. free officer officer just. just it's like when they're like just let me. show you just let me. show you and he's doing it. and don't come any step. goes and the cops just shoots. him but the j gets. on him and he goes and he's a [ __ ] lamb or a sheep. and there's a gun next to. him now and it's his gun that. he used and that's a great. movie that harrison for that. would be such a crazy. movie if that existed. dude wow harrison for alism. starring ryan philippy oh wow i was going. to say something about ryan philippy but your come is magic. it was mean and i don't want to. do that well ryan philip is cool. i know that's what i want to. say all right um all right. next one next one hey matt and chris um i'm just wondering as a parent. of two boys. who fight so intensely sometimes. that it's almost like a fight. to the death um whether you guys. grew up like that if you fought a lot. quite physically or whether it was more. verbal and if your mom stepped in and played referee or did she just let you go. at it until you came to. your own resolution um keing. to know what you guys. think and so just love the podcast. i work in suicide. prevention as my job and it's really. intense but listening to. your podcast on my way. home is always the best way. for me to recalibrate. and um i thank you. for what you guys create so love you. thank you okay that was so nice. and i want to. pay the compliment back. to you first of all. you clearly have a good eye. cuz that is a great. shot that like kind of cutting. off your face and then with your beautiful. dog in the background but dude. she looks like what this. actress in this movie i [ __ ] love i think the actress's name is rachel. ward i think the movie is from 1989. i mean you know we're losing everybody. right i'm going to. look it up but i i think she's like the most that. actress is like the most beautiful. woman in the world i just want. to look it up. so you go while while i look this up. yeah that's a beautiful she's a beautiful. woman i know i'm just saying you have the hots. for her i have the hots for her. yeah okay exactly rachel. ward that yeah that's i mean. oh she's on baywatch no. man she why red swimsuit. on cuz red swimsuits exist. in the world no only before. baywatch afterwards it's baywatch um okay. okay anyway you go and i'll uh okay uh uh what was the question. question i just for she wants to. know about two brothers they always fight. oh she's a mom of two. brothers okay um well i think our we would probably answer. this a little differently. like i don't remember fighting. too much hey we're doing a podcast. i know uh well you remember wrong. bro how many we had an era. we had an era of our. lives maybe three or four years. one summer mom literally i i i i i but but dude. okay i know you know. this story man but we're talking to. a whole entire audience. of thousands and thousands of people coming uh one summer. mom in the beginning the summer. we were fighting so much. mom said i'll pay you both. $75 a piece if you both. just don't fight the entire summer. through the end of august we were. like hell yeah 75. bucks you're on you're an idiot. we're gonna get you're gonna be 150 bucks. out loser mom literally less than two hours. later we're in the back of her suburban and i'm punching you [ __ ] up yeah. i [ __ ] ruined and i had totally forgotten and my my mom. says all right there. goes your 75 bucks. and i just was like oh no. i knew i could do it. but i obviously done couldn't do. it even a little bit. after dark my sweet. after dark my sweet. that's the name of the movie. with rich so far and after dark. my sweet so you you fought me. you fought me i didn't fight. so that's why you remember it. because you remember fighting. i don't remember fighting ever. maybe we are in one. fight maybe two fights but you would like hurt. me how like do like dick. stuff like to the back. of my head or like what's that. thing that used to. do like uh duni you used. to do that and like you used to. like to to. like your dick you know. you go like that too yeah. on me dick you. know learning english you do. it to your dick. yeah you' go like isn't that called a dony. slap your dick oh you're right. yeah no it was that you're right. it wasn't a dony. doni you know um. there's a more common. name for that don i'm going. to try and look that up. don nobody knows what don dono it's a don don cheeto. that's how you do it. um yeah h it's it's tough it's tough because they're both. boys and you it's almost like i mean if they're really if they're really fighting and hurting each other yeah you have to. put a stop to. it yeah that's the thing. you you you when i think about it. the only reason why i really did ever stop besides like you. putting me in check by hurting. me more is because my mom would like either threaten. punishment or make me realize how stupid it. was that i was thre you. as much as it. seems these are two unruly little boys. that are just never going. to listen to. you that is not true. you're their mom they want you. to like them obviously they want. you to love them. but they also actually want you to. like them which might seem cra. that probably sounds crazy to. you right now because the way they act to. you but i promise. you they want you to. like them so if you can frame it. in a way where you're not. trying to make them feel stupid. but make it clear that. that's not a thing that you like when people do that. when boys do that. it's a thing that you don't. like and that is like you're cutting. to the heart of the matter. and that's the likeliest way. to get them to. look they're never going to. stop if they're fighting all the time. you're never going to. get them to fully stop but you. can curb it i think by really. kind of like getting around. the [ __ ] don't get mad don't get exasperated. just let it be known. i don't like you guys. when you do this i don't when boys. do this it's an unlikable. quality i don't know yeah. i mean i i don't know if i disagree. with that it's just uh punishment you can't. now you're grounded the weekend. well yeah obviously if it gets to. a point where there's nothing you can. you have to. you have to. punish them you can't not. punish them of course i'm just saying. in the metime before you really throw the gauntlet. down you don't want to. jump to punishment because that's the last line. of defense if they don't stop after the punishment you it. seems like she's you know. she's asking us so it seems like it's the last. line of defense maybe but i don't know could be yeah. but yeah you the the solution. is absolutely not to. just let them roll with no. no no no yeah if they're physically. fighting i because they won't just stop on. their own they just won't they're going. to they're testing limits that's what they're doing. in the first place yeah. they do that you got to. make sure that they don't. take it too far. yeah you know yeah also we just for whatever. we did or however. much we did or didn't fight. compared to other brothers we just we simply grew out. of it and it ended and that's it. i think we've like compared to. normal brothers i think we were way. under the that i agree. with okay okay for sure okay so i i i thought that you thought maybe we were like middle. ground we were not no if any we were like lower third. like 30th 20th to. 30th percentile amount of figh. i would agree cool okay. all right good luck though. hey man chris my name's amanda big. fan of the podcast been listening. since day one the dynamic. between the two of you. really reminds me of me. and my brother i'm from also from new jersey. and i live in la now. so i feel like i can really relate. to you guys chicago. shirt on so anyway when i buy shir online. and i don't like it. um i just say [ __ ] it charge to. the game and i will either keep it or throw it. out because i can't be bothered to. return [ __ ] yeah dude this time i was like you know what i have over 100. bucks worth of stuff. from amazon apparently they make it. easy now to. return [ __ ] at whole food. so let me give it a shot. right they do i just left. whole foods never again. i mean the place is a mad house. took forever it's long. ass line self served. kiosk um but i also hate grocery stores i hate. going grocery shopping i don't know. why it's like the ban. of my existence i usually get groceries. delivered which i already feel. good guilty about because i have two working. legs i have a car my question. for you is do you guys. have any like seemingly normal task or errands. that you just like cannot [ __ ] stand. doing um and also do you have any tips. on how to. just get over it and just do it. anyway because i have to. be a functioning adult. right like i need to. just do this [ __ ] uh so yeah let me know also i know i look like a lesbian right. now but unfortunately i'm not so hit me. up mat un fortunately um she's cool. she's funny she's cool i am not. any of any errand you oh here actually let me let me start actually i won't do it i'll die. i'll die first hate doing all. things that she just described. it's not just grocery shopping. it's not just post office. i hate it all. mhm i stand for not. doing now i'm like the comp. to my brother i'm like a regular person. who likes getting [ __ ] done i'm the william. wallace of not doing chores. in errands that is the most not something. of all the things that are not. something that you said. that is the most not the william. wallace of not doing errands. on the [ __ ] thing and they're like will you do the laundry and i'm like no and they cut off my penis. how good is mel. gibson acting in that scene. could you imagine if it was about. laundry and crystal leo was in it. i mean that would be just as good. but dude honestly between takes after he did no no and his face is shaking and like he literally rolled off of the thing. he was that wooden thing. he was on and he just quietly said to. like some of the extras around. him he said i'm going. to want a [ __ ] oscar for this. you know like how could he not. know that actually didn't win. for acting but still he won. an oscar uh yeah that it just if you're a person. in the world and there's not at least. let's say three mundane everyday things. you hate doing you're like a terrorist. you suck you put everybody. else to shame dude. that is so [ __ ] up that you like doing if you don't like to. do um no you're not like a [ __ ] i know you know international bomal you terrorize everyone around. you if you don't brush your teeth. or timothy mcvey so um basically no. i think that uh well if you don't brush your teeth. you're disgusting that's different. and timothy okay that's like health maintenance. thing never not brushed my teeth. just so you know i'm saying no one. thought that but okay. what no one thought you didn't but okay. people think i don't shower. i shower every day at least. what do people think they always say. i look greasy i don't look i you know. i still that's racist. that's cuz you're italian dude. exactly dude they're racist. people are being racist. [ __ ] up dude i have no i don't stand. for racism dude also who cares. dude when people people are racist. first of all i'm american. straight up so if you're racist. to me cuz i'm italian. guess what that doesn't mean. anything cuz i'm from [ __ ] livingston new jersey these colors don't run okay man even if i have to. go to the bathroom. really bad i'll just [ __ ] my pants. i'm so american oh that's unrelated. that's what they mean. when they say these colors don't run. they stand there and they walk to. the bathroom and if they [ __ ] themselves. on the way that's america. all right man yeah yeah yeah and then they go and then they go and they go and you [ __ ] and it smells so bad and somebody looks at you e. and they go i'm a patriot so. they can kiss my [ __ ] ass. are you oh dude. what are you a commi. i'm on my way. to the bathroom i'm not run. these colors don't run these. colors don't run. but these pants do yeah. yeah you're a communist. walking in the bathroom the craziest the craziest. person on earth anyone. who does that you're a [ __ ] communist. you're man bro let me tell you something right. now 43 years old. 44 i'm 44 yeah and i can't wait. to be 45 cuz i'm still going. to be doing this. kind of humor and i'll tell you this. you're going be doing it. when you're 75 d. you're damn right dude but um i this podcast. is so good and it's so fun. and it's so funny yeah and everyone. should subscribe and if you're not subscribed. it's [ __ ] it's [ __ ] yeah all right and share it with your friends dude because it's like enough is enough dude we enough is enough we did lifeline live and it was so bonkers was so great. get it but like we want to. do more and we're not going. to do more you know. if it's if the show doesn't you know. i mean just went from having a blast. to just shaming some people you know also people that are actually watching listen. none of them are the people. but they need to. do their due diligence and give it to. their friends they do yeah. be a soldier right be a soldier be a lifeline. soldier be a lifeline. soldier get someone you know. to subscribe and then sign up. for the pat soldier boy or else. you're not a lifeline soldier boy. y okay you want to. be a lifeline soldier boy. lifeline soldier by the way. not gendered you can be a girl. and be a lifeline soldier boy. don't don't don't try to. get us on a technicality. mhm soldier boy or soldier. gal so no soldja boy. is just the term it doesn't mean. boy or girl i was just making a joke. dude no dude listen all right. this is serious [ __ ] all right yeah let's do another one okay cute. hi matt and chris my friends. say i'm tuning to. hamsters you have hamsters when you're a kid. and do you think hamu are. rats okay so so cute. didn't know when that video never seen. something more cute in my life. uh so i really want to. be clear about this. and i'm not going to. use bad language cuz hopefully your parents. yeah if you're going to. see this i see this and show. it to you and because we used your video. you are a special person you're extremely cute. and no one should ever give you any grief or guff. about loving hamsters. it's totally normal to. love hamsters as much. as you love hamsters. are they rats. i don't know no i don't i think they're different. right they're different they're just aren't hamshire. rodents i don't know they are but they're not rats. no they're not rats they're. rodents though i think that basically she's saying like people like think that they're basically. rats but um yeah uh we didn't. have one but i had friends that had hamsters. and i used to. love watching them go. around in their wheel. it's just weird to. have them any here's the thing you're at the age. where you should have that correct. if you're after like you know if you're 20. and have a hamster yeah i think get out of dodge. think okay so you're at the exact age. when you're supposed to. like hamsters so like hamsters. for you now take perfect. right but you know. you don't want to. be like getting into. your late teens let's say still if you're if you're 16. okay you're okay i don't 17 you're getting. into bad 18 you can't you can't if you're 20. if you're 20 and you have a hamster you're like no one wants to. be your friend oh dude. i can i got to. go feed my hamster you want. to go ice blocking dude. i can't you want to. go to the bar uh yeah. yeah yeah do you want to. go vote for the president. oh man i can i got to. go check out my hamster see if that water. bottle that comes down and dips. into his mouth. is all full yeah know that. thing hamsters the only problem. with hamsters are their tails. their tails are disgusting. and that's how you know. they are like rats. because they look like rat tails. you want a r tail. and they also they also smell. bad yeah a lot of animals. that shouldn't smell bad smell. bad like cats like rabbits. dude you ever smelled a rabbit. yeah i smelled a dirty. rabbit dude rabbits are filthy animals. yep they maybe if they're not rabbits. are filthy you filthy um so yeah no i think that they're not are they rats. i don't know i don't know they're rodents man. okay is is that what we found out. yeah okay yeah okay well holding his breath. hey yeah why talk hold your breath. dude [laughter] yeah doing tantric exercises trying. to stop from [ __ ] jizm. trying to stop from busting dude. yep oh god okay i came um uh it's funny. dude how good is funny. stuff man bro godamn you are telling me. man i don't there are people. that just don't really laugh. you know well no that okay. yes yes that's one thing. it to to. be a kind of person. that's kind of just grumpy. or grim whatever if you're the kind of person. that is like no no. no no no no laughing now. that's what sucks if you just aren't the kind of person. that's prone to. laughing that's well how you are that's fine. but if you're like i can laugh. and i know what's funny. but no no no we're not doing that. now like we were listening. to kristen read this book. i don't know what the hell. it was but it was like some book. that was like she was like loved and it was about like some beast. man that like meets a woman. and and and he has wings and claws but it's like. a race of beasts. and a tale of two. cities i think that's a tale. of two cities is it. no i'm kidding go. ahead and so um and they and they make love and she's like the sex. scenes are crazy and i'm like that. sounds [ __ ] sick dude i'm like oh that sounds i don't want to. read that she's like just read it. so i i you know. i had to read it. reading about this beast [ __ ] this woman you know no wait that's just straight up erotic yeah but but it wasn't it wasn't it was like the only scene like that in the book it wasn't like i like this what's it in the book dude i can't remember but anyway there's another there's like a series of them and like she on the way home from lifeline live she was like she was like oh wait she was talking to. me yeah okay yeah yeah yeah she was like she goes. she says uh we're listening to. a case file you know. what i mean like somebody's foil. guys foil somebody's get. murdered and [ __ ] i'm listen. i'm into it and she goes. like switch the um apple play over to. me and i say i'm listening. to she goes like this. dude she goes like this. trust me she said no. and i said i just want you to. know i want to. go record that he said trust. me okay okay she plays this the an audio. book of the new book there's a sex. scene in the new book. she's like listen to. this oh well and i say you've lost trust. me oh i i i don't trust i thought you would want. that cuz you're interested. in this dude i'm not so so now. she's listening to it. and it's the woman that's like in you know. she's in the booth and she's like and then the beast. you know stuck his big. beastly schlong inside my the worst. romance novel and so but one of them. she said that was when the that. was when he um uh feasted on me. like about eating you know. going down and i was like ew dude. feast and she was like no. it's gross if you say it. like that i'm like it's gross. anyway dude it's gross. if you say it like that. that's how it's written if i was with if if you were with a guy and they were like let me feast. on you darling you'd be you dude. you dry up and then she was like you always make everything. funny like why can't we just listen. to it and it's nice. and i was like no and then he said and then he said when he arrived. at my entrance and i was like oh come on. dude mcdonald's like dude it's just so now. i'm like dude if you were having sex. with a guy and he was like i can't wait to. get inside your entrance. and she was like i just want. to listen and i was being funny. but i was like no did you don't. get to do this. yeah so you think about that. what i think about that. is she definitely doesn't get to. do that with you she needs. to know her audience dude. you're the least you can do that. with i would have a hard. time doing that but if someone i was with was like come. on we listen to. your thing can we just listen. to mine without you like i would. be like oh okay entr and then if they said entrance. no i would remain. i would remain no you're right. i wouldn't you be and i would pause it. was pause it and be like i'm sorry. what the [ __ ] and talk about it. yeah he [ __ ] his ent he [ __ ] you have the common. courtesy to to it no. cuz it was her phone. she had her phone oh you couldn't pause. it oh come on babe. entrance feasting on her. entrance christen if you're listening. that is such bad writing like. she loves it feasting and the entrance. thing is wildly shitty writing dude. oh it was it's huge book. and i'm going to. call it that from now on sweetie. what's up with your entrance. come to bed. you know not how anybody would propose. sexual anything exactly but that's not what the writer okay. anyway i'm not going to. defend the book okay uh anyway i want to. read that [ __ ] now what's it called entrance. i don't remember her entrance. feasting on her entrance. i've arrived feasting on her entrance. dude and if you're gay. you go into the exit. okay man thanks for explaining that because of how it it's poop. if you're a gay man. yeah if you're gay woman. you just your entrance. on it kind your entrance. on entrance entrance. to entrance is the gay close. together the gay woman version rubbing. entrances together rubbing entrances dude. that's that's the female gay. erotic rubbing entrances would be a movie. that liam niss did before. he did schindler's list and nobody know. who he was dude. young li n young li niss. is the is the most dashing. handsome guy i'm just going. to go out and say it okay. rubbing entrance and he was. great in rubbing entrances. uh two actually irish film. i know yes yes i was going. to say romtic be a romantic. lead i noticed two doors. i walk through both of them. why are they so close. together look at him with his arms up there's an earthquake. they're rubbing that's a rubbing entrance. wow you know i mean. so sexy a guy. gets two points hotter when. he puts his hands above. his head and grab something god that's so true. dude also when he's on a stool elbows on his knees. leaning forward and looking up look at that rubbing entrance. dude rubbing entrances it has to. be two entrances you can be rubbing. entrance yeah okay look at him. dude with no shirt. on touching his eyebrow whoa. that was when i noticed i was rubbing. entrances i've got a special. set of skills and what i do. is i get one entrance. the and then i go over. to another entrance and i put them together. and then i just start hobbing them. wow look at the blue. hat one look at the blue. hat one look how [ __ ] sick he looks in that that's when he was in uh dude he looks so good i've seen that i've seen that picture before. why i don't know that. weird [ __ ] weirdo i've seen that picture before i look up young. sometimes dude look how good he looks though. peak mail form everybody. all right dud there no. you come on well all right. all right that's enough liam n admiring. for now all right we'll do one. more what's up guys nice. shirt up i'm just going. to come out swinging. here old people piss. me off yeah well i'm 33. i'm an introvert i'm cynical. i'm from the north i live in the south. so this is probably a me. problem so many um but maybe someone else can understand. i work with a lot of old people. and i'm not saying 90. years old i'm saying like 50s and 60s. and for some reason all they want to. do all day is talk. to me someone half their age. that they have nothing in common. with and all they want to. do is have small talk and i'm not interested. in that at all i have my headphones. in making it very clear. that i'm on my phone. watching your guys' podcast. every day on break you're doing the right. thing and even on the floor. they're bothering me talking to. me why can't they just stick to. their own age group um people well they're lonely. they want someone to. talk to you they have someone to. talk to they have 25. people their age why are they talking. to me somewhat half their age. i wouldn't be talking to. someone half my age. at a job or anywhere. um i just want to. know what to say to. these older people that are constantly driving. me crazy because i just i don't see eye. to eye with that generation. and i don't think they see. eye to eye with me so in my mind. that would make me. avoid someone so why. are they attracted to. me um i see it. as like a windows 98 it's outdated. it's slow and it's not something. i have any interest being around. mar norman anyway what can. i do is it me what. can i say to. these people first of all also chris thank you. man sign that that's cool. sick dude okay so first of all. that generation you're speaking. of is gen x that is the greatest. living generation so. you're [ __ ] psychotic i want. to talk to. everybody from gen x so i don't i can't. agree with you there but to. your question dude if you have your headphones. in just be like ah i can't i can't. hear you and then just keep walking. dude like you have headphones. in you can that is such an easy. out you can even pretend you're on the phone. if you have headphones in yeah. but they don't know that. people that old don't even. understand like that they're not like you said they're not 75. they're 50 and 60 joking h. jesus christ it's like we have a truth. podcast or something wow um yeah i i i think that's weird. that you don't like talking to. them so much yeah well he he said he's an introvert. i guess i get that but then but yeah but he's not saying. he's saying so if he worked with a bunch of other 33y olds and they were talking he'd probably feel the same. way that's true yeah what no. no that's he made it sound like i'm saying yeah. you're right you're right good point. yeah so good point finally. that only took us 200 episodes. so i think that no i but so what i think is what you're saying. is you just are an introvert. and you probably wouldn't i'm i'm deducing. what i makeup is that you probably. don't like even 33. year olds talking to. each other probably yeah talk. to you you know so it's not an age thing. so which means hey it's you and that's fine. by the way um i don't know what your job. is if your job is you know yeah i wish he specifi. uh but if your job is talking to. old people you're kind of [ __ ] what are you i'm an old person talker and i hate and um i'm yeah and so uh but if you're you know i don't like if you work in an old person's home yo bro you you kind of need a new job which is probably not because it's 50 60 but nobody um that's what i'm going to. check in an old person. home though that's cool 50. 50 years old you' be the most popular person there cuz everybody's like oh he's so youthful yeah you know all the girls all the guys want to. be your friend yeah yeah i'll do stand. up for everyone yeah man. hey what's the deal with. um wrinkles wow you know. what's up with met muil. guys you've been taking where's [ __ ] material. in history um yeah uh i'm torn with this. guy because it's like i get it. i kind of have intro. i'm i'm not an introvert. but like i understand wanting to. be left alone trust me. but dude you don't want to. talk to gen x gen. x is what's up yeah. also if there's other old people around. just introduce the person talking to. you to another old person. yeah like hey da that hold. on hold whoa. i'm i'm going away i'm going. away this guy's coming whoa you guys are talking now okay bye what you talking about oh hey check it out hey martha this guy takes m mus and then you leave talk about that yeah just link him up they're all around just put them together. dude there you go yeah there you go there. you go yeah i don't think that the you're basically. just asking how to. not how to. get out of a conversation. i guess at the end of the day. yeah which is why you do the headphones. thing i don't know i i can't. but he does have headphones. but he does have headphones. in he so point. to him be like i can't. and then just back away. dude that's fine no one's but if you're an introvert. and you think these people are such [ __ ] annoying. why do you care about. pissing them off or hurting. their feelings i get it. just don't [ __ ] talk to. him i get it i will say um the dude. it happens to me. a lot people they they don't you are. such a person that people want to. talk to about like and you've always been like that. no but i'm talking about strangers. i know no i know i'm saying how did you not. know that's what he was talking. about yeah what did. you think i meant you mean. i'm i look approachable. the same thing and you are approachable. and people approach you yes strangers. as in strangers but so people you know. don't approach you this. is different from what i mean. he's saying i don't want to. talk to these people i i'm i'm fine. talking to people i like talking. to people but when i have a headphones. in somebody will come up. and then i'll go on the phone. you know and then they keep talking i don't even get it. and i'm just like and then i just turn around. and walk yeah see that's the thing. you can do that and that's totally within like you're okay. doing that i do it. when i don't even have. headphones in oh sorry dude. i'm on the phone yeah and also that's not even. that unbelievable now because that's a thing. i look at people sometimes. are like are they on the phone. or crazy cuz their [ __ ] the [ __ ] is so little now it's hard to. even tell oh dude. i'm on the phone man. and then my and then my phone rings so not on the phone. and my phone rings real oh dude. i always pretend i'm on the phone. and it's my nightmare that i don't have the ringer. off cuz i'll be like oh yeah wa what was that. and is like you know. sorry call waiting um get caught so hard. they must have a special phone. how about when someone takes a picture of you. and it's flash. and [ __ ] and oh [ __ ] i oh they got caught yeah yeah um happens to. me a lot people take what um i hate you. guys i'm dying when when the app when they first introduced the app store. right uhuh i got this app. i paid for it like a dollar. and it was like you could just you could set an amount. of time like 10. or 30 seconds and then your phone. would look like ringing and it would say barack. obama oh i remember you. had that i was with you. until the obama part yeah that's terrible. obama wow it's just so silly. thinking like what do you. think people are going to. think when they see that the way. like he's actually calling barack obama. so you didn't even have to. program barack obama. in your phone i know. man i don't remember i know. you didn't have to. program the actual barack obama. in the phone you could make it whatever. you wanted but uh i think that was like i like that. app except the bar. obama part i would you know. what i have call me. liam n liam young liam n [ __ ] young liam call i gotta go um with that picture where the blue hat pops up um all right all right cool this was a really great episode a lot go on over it it's not up yet but it will be go on to. the patreon patreon dot com. and you'll see the lifeline. live show which was great. it was really fun to. do and then uh and that'll come out. soon and then uh you go to. chris dot com to. get tickets i'll be in chattanooga. i'll be in irvine. i'll be in charleston west virginia. i'll be in australia. de moine a bunch. of new zealand uh go. on over chris dot com. thanks very much subscribe. to my solo podcast. the private record on youtube. you love it uh you 1011 go. to mata dot com. and don't forget to. buy every item of the merch. at life merch dot com. or you hate us it's up. to you uh all right. see you next week see you. next week hello [music] hello. hello hello hello hello hello 