 [music] runk i will be in toronto. soon i will be in soue. falls and uh sudbury i think yeah and uh north bay those are all. in canada i guess but go to. crystalia to get them. tickets thanks now it's episode. 410 of [music] congratulations. crazy [music] congratulations put on this. shirt today this is a brand. i like called sire okay. i like the brand they think they sent. me this one uh put on the shirt. today and didn't sometimes i put on a shirt. and i go and i'm just like oh i'm just putting this on for. now i'm not going to. rock it all day right. you guys do that and then sometimes. you put on your shirt. you go i hope this. lasts me well into. the night today this. was just me putting on this. shirt going huh hey who knows what. i'll be wearing today i'll be dam baby. it's 2:00 p.m. and i'm still wearing it. even for the podcast so there. you go um uh so i'm wearing it. and uh and i'll be wearing it i'm i'm going. to wear it i have a a dinner tonight i'll probably change before. that but that doesn't matter and you shouldn't care. uh but i do have a dinner. uh so look at me just doing stuff. uh i thought about actually my calvin. asked me the other day. uh um oh saturday he was like what. are we doing tomorrow and i said well we're going to. go to the pumpkin. patch and then we'll probably go to. gim and popups and he said what we're going to. gim and popups the next day and i said n we're going to. do it in the same. day as the pumpkin. patch and he said we're going to. do two whole things. in one day and i said yeah. he said whoa and i said sometimes. people do all sorts of numbers. of things in one day. sometimes daddy does you know. what sometimes daddy does six things. in one day and he goes. like this what and i said yep. and then he made me list. them and i can only get to. three so anyway um i have a boring life. so um but no i love my kids. and i love my i love my family. and uh and that's great and it's really fun. to be with and you know. i just like whatever i talk. about my kids sometimes. too much on this. podcast but that's me and that's how i do it. so uh and also like i would get into. the election and everything. and i probably will later on. uh but it's just like you know. enough's enough dude i can't wait until the election. is over so i don't have to. i guess there's going to. be that like post postelection talk wrapup. stuff where you know. the guy that is going. to be on cnn. where the guy always talking. about the electoral colleges. that guy is going to. be on for a lot. you know he's always on during the election. the guy who looks like he's got that. silver hair what's his name. again with the guy who's like and then we zoom. in and then we zoom. in and we keep zooming in we zoom. in who john king uh yeah j king. is what what i call him. i call him juning but uh yeah. the guys is just zooming in so far. that you could zoom. into every voter's pe hole. anyway um we zoom in we zoom. in there's the urethra and he zoom. in now you could tell he's republican. uh cuz he squirts on. his side so uh um anyway well that's creepy. tell me more about that. so is election in time. maybe i'll get into. it later but you know. it is what it is dude. i'll tell you what man. our house is under construction and it's just always just there's dust everywhere and just billy's rolling around. in it and i'm just and i'm like is he going. to get cancer and kristen's like no. not not not nowadays it's not it's not like that. anymore and i'm like okay guess i'll take your word. for it even though you. definitely don't know because. because you're not a a doctor or b. a contractor is there i don't know words. that i don't really know. what they mean like faldy is that in it. what is that i don't know. i know it's not good. um uh asbest what's that is that in it. it was in the 80s. right anyway um so we just had we've had this oh that i want that's what yeah. we've had this um uh setup. where it's just one. room we we have a one. of those you know it's like a big. i it's not an ipad but it's like this. big it's like a a tv. screen and that you bring around. with you and it's like a on a on a pole. it's so heavy and it's portable. but like if you ever have to. bring it upstairs forget it. you might as well just have to. call you have to. call [ __ ] you know movers. but um so we brought it. brought it into. the playroom and we just post. up and we watch it. on that and then while the kids. play we just sit and we watch murder. documentaries you know hoping the kids. are either not listening or not old enough. to even if they are listening. to have it affect their future. and so um one morning. we we woke up and kristen just puts. on this thing on netflix. boston comeback you know the thing that they they have out there. on netflix you know. about this have you seen. it yet boston comeback. what i don't know what it's called. but it's about the boston red sox comeback. in 2004 how they hadn't won. in like a hundred years. or whatever and then uh they were trying. to break the curse. of the bambino which is nothing. because there's no such thing. but but you know mentally they got in their heads. the yankees got in their head. the it's crazy how boston was a ral boston and yankees have been rivals. forever and and until 2004 boston just didn't ever beat them. though you can't have a rival that never you. never win hey my [ __ ] rival is. conor mcgregor in the octagon no right. now he's never beat me. but we know he would okay. just it's just not you can't. just create a rival why. because why because bambino because babe ruth got traded. i get it but it's you know. by the way antipodes water. third episode third episode deep still on. the same water okay it's too big. anyway um so i watched that and i'm like i don't want to. watch this but and it was like a it was like 10:00. in the morning like who watches. a [ __ ] sports documentary 10:00. in the morning you're a crazy. person and she just put it on and she put on you know. what she put on when she said she she put on and she goes and she says i just love sports. and i'm like dude what are you trying. to [ __ ] do right now it i woke up i took a magic mind so okay yeah calm i'm i'm i'm i'm trying to. be calm but alert so cuz magic mind. is great for that. and i took the magic mind. and then she just throws on something. with [ __ ] it uh big poppy and i'm like i don't want to. watch this and she says oh come on it's so great. why not and i'm like fck. you leave it on it. [ __ ] stayed on the whole [music]. time the whole day it stayed on the whole day. i watched all three parts. and i'll be damned. uh if i'm not a little bit more. of a boston fan now and i don't even care. about baseball but after that i watched the dodgers. games so now you know i might be a fullblown. sports addict but it's uh it. was it is really interesting. what like i sometimes i think about like the sports. that they created and they just created. them because they happened to. create them did you ever think. about that did you ever. think about that like sports. just were created because they happened to. be created it's not like people were like sitting down like let's create a sport. what do we do here. it just happened it just so happened. that somebody started uh hitting a ball. with a bat and then they're like well the ball. smaller make the bad this. would and then you do that. and then uh you know. what we'll run over there. we'll run all the way. over to there and then they run. all the way over there and they're like where do you. run next you're like oh there where's that. that's the second place so second that'll be the second base. there there and then they create rules. and then it happens and it's like what. if you hit the ball. too far that's not fair. oh we'll just count it. as a run it's a home. run if anyone has some bas and they score right. and just happen to. create a game that just kind of it. just kind of happened and now it's in america. and it's got its root roots in america. some of these sports that just happen. to be creative like soccer. just happened to. be created or football what. you want call it if you if you call. it football right if you're a european. and uh and then it's like oh uh soccer. is kind of like a basic. ass sport like you're just kind of kicking. the ball around hoping you score right. like baseball is totally different. offense is totally different from. defense offense is i have a bat defenses i don't have a bat and that ball you hit one of us is going to. catch it right now it's one verse n we got nine [ __ ] in this uh field. right now one of us'll get it. and one guy with a [ __ ] weapon you know so soccer i get soccer is just soccer totally just happened soccer just totally happened to. be created you got to. set up goals after you start. kicking something for too long. right so it became huge but then i started thinking about like alternate universes and i don't really. know if i believe in them. or whatever i mean i'm not saying i don't i'm not saying i do maybe they're here maybe they're not but like what. other sports would there be if somebody just changed. their mind a little bit one. day after eating a [ __ ] sandwich you know it wasn't sandwiches cuz it was so far so long ago. i don't know if they had sandwiches yet. when theyve created these sports but like what if one day they were like what if some guy just convinced. people like a guy like me. could really convince people like there. are people who convince people things. i that's something i'm good at if i was there. when they were creating. baseball i could totally have convinced. nine people to. be like no no no. use a head of lettuce. it'll be cool and then but yeah. it breaks apart and then when the when the when the when the layers come off then. it's like that counts. as a you know and they be like oh that's all right. we'll try with the head. of lettuce dude it could just be [ __ ] lettuce. ball up until now. and i'm not saying that that's better. it's not obviously i'm weak example. but you know what i'm saying. a bunch of rubber bands. over and over and over again. over again that's the ball. i don't know that's kind of what. a baseball is honestly but um so i just it's crazy. dude that these sports have become so important. in america b baseball in america. and i go back and forth. with baseball i'm like dud. because you know cu the dodgers. right now playing the yankees and they're you know. they're up to games and [ __ ] and i'm like baseball. is arguably like of of the top. sports and i'm i'm leaving. golf out right like i'm talking about baseball. football basketball soccer um hockey i. guess i'd say those are the the five ones. that i think of when i think of sports. actual like like i know tennis is. a sport but i'm i'm talking about like i don't know those are the sports. i think of okay when i think of sports. and so uh not going to. explain it okay. so um but baseball is people will say like i don't like it. because it's boring. like that's the most boring sport. and i understand of the top. five that i said those that's the most. boring sport and i get it. and that's why i like it. yes because you can just chill. during some of the baseball you can't. in basketball it sucks dude. you're exhausted the whole time. watching football it's too. much man it's too much. brute force hockey they're oh fighting. is allowed what i i mean. fine i'm not saying don't allow. it but like the whole time. if i'm a hockey player. i'm i'm thinking who am i fighting. so that that's more exciting. than hockey right so like baseball. you get to chill. a whole inning that's awesome. somebody's up they hit a ball. oh next guy gets up. walks up right it's just awesome. dude i love it i love baseball dude. now i love baseball um so yeah so so i don't know dude. it's just like got to. watch that boston one it was pretty good it. was pretty damn good but they can really. make the [ __ ] out of sports. documentaries though right. like when you put all of the good parts. in something and then show it. you you get a false view. of how it really is cuz then i watched. the whole dodger game afterwards. and i was just like ah man. ah man um kristen is studying to. be a therapist you know. which is just absolutely great. for me uh it's just really great. and uh i you know. because i get to. learn about what i'm doing and the best part. is i can't argue with it. because it's my subconscious. so it's great right. right well what you don't. realize you're doing is oh that's great. what oh because you took a oh because you heard somebody. say it in pepperdine well fantastic. so um she had to. watch she she does a lot. of it on oh online. it's it's it's all online and um she listens to. this woman just talking at her. and i'm familiar with the lady. now because i just see video youtube. videos of this lady just like and that's what will. suppress the memory if and i'm just like jesus. christ you know i'm just trying to. like dude i'm just trying to. [ __ ] uh play uh royal match. on my phone and i have to. hear this [ __ ] woman in a red. blazer w with with with the horn. rm glasses just and so the the the process what you do. is if they came in and they had a problem. with and i'm just just oh my oh my and she and and she's just sitting there. watching it like this. learning you know and i'm like oh that's great. that she's learning but i'm [ __ ] later right. because she's just going to. be like this is what you're doing. actually with your subconscious and then i just got to. eat that [ __ ] okay i guess i can't argue with that and so you're the therapist in training. so then um now i'm uh kristen goes like this. oh man i gotta watch this. documentary for school and i'm not looking forward. to it and i said oh yeah. she said yeah it's called. how to die. in portland and i go already at the title. dude i need to. land safely from here. cuz i'm not i'm not watching it. with you right i mean. dude the title. how to die. in portland first of all. sounds like it could be one of two. things right the worst. movie ever made in 1994 with the soundtrack. uh like with the cranberries as a soundtrack or a documentary. that is very sad. and it turns out it's a document. that's very sad okay. even worse it has 100% on rotten. tomatoes which means means it's even worse. do you know what i'm saying. i if if i were to. watch a documentary on something. i want it to. be at 50 50% at rotten. tomatoes i don't need it firing. on all cylinders if it's a. documentary then it's real enough make it 50. make it 50% dude. you know i want to. bop in and out of it. and listen to. it kind of and be like oh okay. is this true is that true. oh i don't like the way. they dealt with that part i don't want it. to be you know i want. it to be a little bit. filled with horseshit real life. is real life like i got a pain. in my stomach it sucks i i don't want. to watch a documentary. about a pain. in my stomach for an hour. and a half 100% un. rotten tomatoes in sun [ __ ] it in slam. dance dude and so then i look on. the thing and it's got 100% of rotten. tomatoes and i read the description and it says uh took sundance. by storm and i go oh [music]. dude ah dude i'm sorry. i have to land. safely from here sweetie. you're gna have to. watch it yourself birds flying. by in through the trees but i'm safe so i look let's just look at the let's look at the let's look at the actual description. how how to. the i mean look the one. thing i will say about. this title is you know what you're going to. get okay even i type in the title. and it it it shows me. the suicide crisis lifeline. uh 988 life uh uh line lifeline. huh interesting and uh and they. say it has languages in english. and spanish so if you speak anything else you're [ __ ] if you're japan that's why a lot of japanese people commit suicide so um anyway let's get to. here we go how did die. in oregon it's called. whoops i said portland oops. okay so see so that's what it's called. how to die. in oregon so that's that's why. i was mixing it up. with portlandia and so um yeah it's called how did i how did i in oregon. all right let's look. at the description of this. here we go and just just this. is what it says right. so in 1994 oregon became the first state. to legalize a terminally ill person's request. to end his or her. life with medication so so right. there you got to. sit down if you're st like i'm if you were standing up. in this i'm not talking i am. talking to you but i'm not. in a room with you if i said this to. you in a room just me. and you we'd both have. to we' i'd sit down before. i said it i'd say it. and then you'd you you'd have to. sit down because that's just too much. that's too much to. hear when you're standing up. and i wouldn't say this beforehand. are you sitting down because that's so [ __ ] annoying when people do that because then your anxiety. spikes through the roof. just say it dude. if i fall down i fall are you sitting down yeah. they're out of the baconator dude. just [ __ ] oh it wasn't worth it. i don't care i don't. like carl jr so um so there's the sentence. the first one in 199 99. oh this is not even. the this is not even. the official one this is the by. anonymous okay so this is the synopsis. here probing documentary probing first. of all let me tell you something. about a documentary if it's not probing. it ain't a documentary. so you don't have to. put that you need to. probe the [ __ ] out of that to. put it on camera. if it's real life you don't need to. probe it if it's a movie. if it's a movie you could just be a little slice. of life you could show a nice fun. time you could uh be the lego. movie that's not probing [ __ ] if you're a documentary. you better be probing. you better sincerely take that phallic whatever. you want to. call it and just probe on inside. of reality and what's going. on because if you don't it's not going. to get 100% if you don't it's not. going to be considered. for slam dens okay tiff um probing. documentary into the human. right quote unquote to. ending one's life legally and with dig dignity dude. and now okay so let's just keep going. there i could say stuff. but i'll i'll i'll keep doing the synopsis. a charged okay if if if if if a documentary is probing. it is charged okay it's like that. whole thing a square is a rectangle. probing is is [laughter] charged as squares. rectangle rectangle a square whatever one of them. is a square one of them. is a square is a rectangle. and or a rectangle is a square and then a rectangle. is not a square and a square is not a rectangle. it's one of them whatever. it is i don't know. but anyway a charged an emotional first person. journey first person so you know it's harrowing. through the myriad of issues. right which is not like three or four. issues it's more than that. and emotions surrounding terminal. illness and right to. die so kristen is like got to. watch this documentary and i and i and i say [ __ ] uh that's hard that you got to. watch that you're in school. to be a therapist so sorry. you got to watch. that uh um letting you know. without a doubt i'm going. to live my whole life. without saying that so don't you know. as your husband try to. wrangle me or even like watch it in the other room while i'm in the other room cuz i might walk in and then you might you might be like this part is interesting because and then i'm you're trying to. hook me in watch it. when i'm doing congratulations. watch it when i'm doing lifeline. watch it when i'm doing golden. ar watch it when i'm on stage. in toronto november 9th chris. dot com do not watch it. when i'm in the other [music]. room let's take a break. ki is the first legal. place where you can bet. on the election in the us. it's crazy actually and it's awesome. um they have markets on who will win. the presidential election who will control. the house and the senate who will win. swing swing states and even and more than that i went on the app the other day i signed up for for it and it is oh cool and bonkers that you could do this uh the odds currently have trump favored 63% that he'll win and 37% for cala um and you got to. check the day of to. make sure the number is accurate. because it changes as it goes. it's cool it's got like a um a timeline. of you could see how it's changing. anyway it's very cool it's close. but you will uh honestly. roughly double your money uh if you're right. no matter who you bet. on so go to. to call dot com. uh and here i'll see what the odds. are right now let me go to. the app i have the app right here uh ki let me go on there. right now who will win. who will win the presidential election. right now it's at 62% donald. trump and 38% kamala harris kamala harris i always. do that which party will. win in the senate republicans 85%. this is what's that you can go. in you can bet. if you bet um $100 here so here's the deal. ki is already being used by. hundreds of thousands of people including me and has facilitated over. $1 billion worth of trades. so put your money where your mouth. is and sign up using my link. ki dot com congrats and the first 500 traders who deposit $100 will get a free. $20 credit you get that you deposit $100 you get $20. credit i got it yes dude ki dot com. congrats thanks [music]. crazy sunday night kristen's. photoshopping and you know what you know. what she's photoshopping hey i don't know. okay i don't know you know. why i don't know didn't ask. you know why i didn't ask. cuz she said i've just been photoshopping and i go. like this oh hey [laughter]. done next combo yes dude that was the photoshop combo. that was the whole photoshop combo. what youve been doing photoshopping ah cool. dzo next one on to. the next on on to. the next on to. the next on on to. the next so she's sitting there shopping and i'm playing with the kids. two of them i got two. one's one one's four. and man remember that song. take money money go. shopping make money money. go shopping no matter what the weather. winter spring or fall. we'll be doing it. at the mall shout out to. dj premier and guru and so now i'm playing with the kids. and dude it's fun it's fun dude. i've been with the kids all day. dude and i'm loving it. time to get billy ready. to go to bed. which it's hard to. get a oneyearold to. go to bed you know. it it's not hard to. get him to go. to bed it's hard. to get him ready. for bed because you got to. do all this [ __ ] you know like come on put your socks on i got to. do everything i gotta brush your te. i'm skipping that one. you're you're young those teeth. aren't going to. even be there for too. long have rotten tea. who cares right so it's like i've been with the kids. all day i'm like this. is going to be great. chris is going to. get them ready for bed. i'm going to just be [ __ ] chilling. she goes like this in the middle. of her pea shopping and i and i what she says oh my god. i have something do tomorrow. and i go what an interesting. thing to say this. could go horrible for me. you know an interesting. thing to hear. knowing knowing that i had all these plans. in my head to chill. though right i had a like i thought because i had the kids. all day that i had a license. to chill okay and then uhoh. while she's photoshopping i have something. to do tomorrow by. by when 900 a.m. ah [ __ ] so she says i got to. get to work i said cool. can you just put uh billy down. hell yeah jumped on. it jumped on it. dude saw it saw it. coming i said oh cool. could you put billy to. bed and then do whatever you got to. do i'll put cow to. bed later [ __ ] yeah dude c his losses knew. it knew i couldn't have c knew. i had to put calvin to. bed because she would be well into. her work okay but the billy one. just put the billy and you do school. [ __ ] she says i was just g to. ask you to do. that because i got to. go do it right. now and i i go oh i don't have. a license to chill. i thought i had a license. to shill and i don't have a license. to shill okay it's all. good let's not get worked up. so i go yeah i'll put him to. bed she leaves she goes upstairs i get a text. you as i'm changing billy's diaper. you know what let me read. it i'll just read. it get your blood boiling a little bit let me. just read it for you. i have to watch. how to die. in oregon for this. oregon for the assignment. okay that sent at 8:30 32. p.m. then at 8:32 p.m. still she writes again. after that you can't watch it. with me hey do you remember now. hold on a second i told you i was going. to live my whole life. without watching that what what hey. that's not fair so i go like this. i look at the phone. and then i put it [music]. down okay okay i put it down because i i think huh. can't respond to. that you know why i [ __ ] already did yes what the [ __ ] you already have the you already have the answer. [laughter] wait so i say so i say nothing. change his diaper keep putting on his socks. and pants then at 8:36 4. minutes go by she se. she texts will you exclamation. point like i wrote back before. that yeah okay there have been no texts. she say i have to. watch how to. die in oregon for the assignment. will you can't watch it. with me 4 minutes later. will you then still at 8:30 6. she writes well only if you want then at 8:37. she writes it's so overwhelming already then i write. at 3:38 even though i know. i write what is it about. okay then she writes 8:39 a minute. later physician physician assisted suicide. i just watched the guy drink. the stuff with his family. around and he was happy. and laid down and died. my heart is racing. i don't even want to. read that don't stick. me in the trees i was supposed. to land safely i have a twig. up my ass okay. so i write to. her two minutes later. jesus christ [ __ ] that we're in the same house. dude putting billy to. bed right wiping his ass. she says then the same. minute g i want some support though. there's six pillows on the bed. so i write i'm with calvin. babe lol come on cal look do you know what assisted suicide. do you even know what suici. all right we actually have to. go back to the beginning. so life so she says i know but he's going. to bed soon oh dude. dude are you going to. pause it for me so then i write. all right i'm going to. say something so clearly and i hope that it. gets through but i don't think it. will you know why. men and women huh. right it's so diff so i write to. her i deeply don't want to. subject myself to. that movie okay that is the most hardcore. text i've ever sent anyone except for one. time i texted a porn star my dick. is a rocket ship. okay and then her boyfriend texted me. back and that was crazy. it's like 15 years ago. so she writes back that minute. no no i get it okay. babe and i go oh [ __ ] weebay meme did it really work i don't have to. watch this [ __ ] thing dude five minutes later i'm playing with calvin. still right just having a [ __ ] great. time i look up kristen. is in a [ __ ] tshirt. and jammy pants with her. [ __ ] flipflops you know her like house shoes. i mean her face is so red. and balling and i and i look up. and calvin's with me and i go oh for [ __ ] sake dude she needs this is [ __ ] dude and so now i'm and i mean crying of course she is it's a it's got 100% run tomatoes it's a tiff and so she hugs me and just breaks down about you know i mean people do watching documentary died so far nine time you know nine so i'm sitting here i'm trying to. make sure calvin doesn't see her. crying and she's like i like oh god. i can't believe it's so we're so lucky. we're so fortunate and so so much pain in the world. and i'm just like yeah yeah no no. no i know i know and there's some [ __ ] guy on on youtube. kids right now with like a blue wig. just going like i'll get you out. of that mustard jar help. me help me and i'm just like okay. oh oh it's okay and then she wipes. her tears and then go she goes. back then i put calvin a bed. and i walk into. the into her into. our room let's call it. her room right now because all the [ __ ] that's happening in there at this point that's for her so i walk into. her room and that used it. used to be ours. and she's crying because she's watching the show. and and she she looks at me. like oh did you come. to and i oh okay. i'll sit down i sat down. i watched a minute. of it and there was a guy. that's like can't afford they're not. my insurance company's not going to. pay for my surgery. so they'll pay for my pills. to kill me and i'm just like oh baby. i got to go. downstairs uh i got to. go downstairs where this is not. happening she's like i was like she was. like really i was like baby. this is horrific i'm not watching. this so i go go. downstairs and i'll be dude. and now i'm just like alone. downstairs the house is under construction i'm just like sit this is me [ __ ] watching the little mini tv there's still that dude. in the blue hair trying. to get that girl out of the hourglass. that's what it was he was. trying to get the girl. out this hourglass and i'm like i'm just going to. go upstairs i catch the end. of the movie hey guys i saw the end. of how to. die in oregon hey guys hey guys if you're gonna watch that. movie don't watch the end if you're going to. not watch a part guys it's the end. that that you shouldn't be. watching dude the woman yo yo i don't even it's like not it's not funny. it's it's how do you dude. it's probably the last 15. minutes of the movie and the woman. is just like in bed. teaching her son who's like 20s. something how to. make her i mean dude. how am i even life. really isn't fair how to. make her christmas cupcakes or whatever. treats her dessert that she always makes that she's not going to. be able to. make next year obviously she's teaching them. how to do it. from her bed he keeps coming. in with the pan and he's like how do i do. i does this look good for the thing. she's like yeah you just got to. get the ridges and oh boy. i'll come in a little bit i'm tired. she comes in she's breathing heavily. she's like dad you're doing a good job. goes back and she's just like oh man. this is tough i can't. wait to do this. really because oh my god because it's just uh i feel i feel okay. like you know i have terminal. cancer and i don't want to. i don't want to. spend the last days of my life. [ __ ] myself and like you know in so much pain i'm in so much pain now so okay kristen's crying and i'm just like next to. her in bed i'm like i guess. i can't leave now. and then it shows her having to. drink the liquid and it's it. shows the outside of the house. and you just hear audio. and she's just like thanks everyone for being here. my doctor's here and the doctor gives her the thing. and she's like it tastes. really bad so just it's best. if you just down it quickly. you're going to get really sleepy and then you just and i'm just like hit me. in the bed just like this. holding christ's hand like this and she's just cuz she' been watching it. since the [ __ ] opening titles and i'm just like it's showing the house. and just audio which made it. like so eerie okay i love. you mom i love you. dad she's 54 years. old she's got her parents there her sons her. and i'm just like okay now drink it. and then you hear the doctor and she's like there. that's great that's great there. you did it perfect. all right so you're gonna get really sleepy oh god. and then the doctor leaves. she like i'm going to. give you this time for your family. and then she's like you hear her. crying and then she's like i i i um i wish people knew. about this more like it's so easy. i'm getting so tired and like i'm i'm the room. is starting to. spin and like i feel fine. and and then it's like and then the movie ends. and um i'm just like it. it just stops and i'm just the movie. ends and i'm just like that's the end. of the movie it just stops when she dies. and then i'm just like that's just like death. you just stops there's no ending. you just stop right it's not like there's some [ __ ] huge uh crescendo and dan. numa you just stop be you stop living. you don't even die. you just stop living right. we have this thing where it's like. death is this grand thing. that happens it you it kind of you. just stop living it's it's [ __ ] it would be death if you bust a nut. and go out but you don't even. get to do that i don't. think i mean no one's lived to. tell but like if you got to. bust a nut. and die then okay. call it death oh [ __ ] you know but you don't you're just like walking around you go oh [ __ ] i got to. sit down and then you just you're done. you just stop living come on god. let us bust a nut. in the at the in the 11th hour. let us bust in the 11th. hour oh man even even even if you even if you die. in your sleep dude wake me. up to bus dude. hey god wake me up. to bust i don't want. to die in my sleep. without but wake me up. what's going on hey wait a second. oh was that a wet dream. nope death oh oh that's awesome. that's where that song. wake me up before you. go go that's what it's about. dude busting and dying even. if you get like a even if you're driving along. and a semi uh gets knocked over. and released its wood. planks and they and they impale. you through the driver's seat. you still get the bus dude. then it's death oh god. i feel so good wake me. up and so then it's but it's not that. it you just your life. stops they shouldn't call it dying. they should call it. stopping all right so the movie stops and i'm like that's kind of [ __ ] that the movie just and i go oh like the we meme they meant to. do it cuz that's just what life. is like when it stops and i'm like well [ __ ] dude i'm [ __ ] for the night okay cuz whether or not i'm [ __ ] for the night whether or not i processed it whether or not i let it pierce through my exterior and get into. my dark heart whether or not i let it do that. i still got to. deal with oh kristen's sad. so no matter what i'm [ __ ] dude. so we just sit you ever. watch a movie with someone and then afterwards. you just sit that's how much. it affects you you just. sit you go so sometimes. you're in the theater you don't even. leave you watch a whole another. movie you sit there you watch it. again like you just you're you're just too stunned. to even move you. just that's how it was after [ __ ] how to. die in oregon and when i was in the theater. and i watch mullen rou those two movies. i sat i watched mil rouge that. [ __ ] [ __ ] ended i just started crying i just sat in the theater until the guy came with the tray. that was like can i clean. in the aisle and uh so i'm like oh god. damn this is really [ __ ] i didn't want to. watch this and now i'm different. right sometimes i get worried that if i see something. uh too much i'm going. to be different now. which i guess i think is a bad. thing but it's probably not a bad thing. it's good to. grow and uh i go oh that was really heavy huh. and she was like it's so unfair. life is so unfair. and it is unfair. it sucks and the woman. who was taking the potion to. die she was like so so upbeat and so positive. and you know and so uh inspiring. and a hero in a lot. of ways and i'm like oh my god. and then i'm like [ __ ] she was 54. i'm 44 that [ __ ] sucks i knew a guy last week. that died at 51 chino. xl died at 50 what the [ __ ] and then i'm like okay for a while opens up her laptop kristen play now i'm watching the [ __ ] lady in the red blazer again with the [ __ ] horn room glasses talking about assisted suicide some states it's legal and the legal and if it's legal in the states and some states it used to. be oregon was the first. state and then that if you're if you're going to. be talking to. someone who wants to. assisted suicide then it's it's it's legal. in the state of washington and oregon. and then montana it's not technically. legal but they pushed the bill. and then if you want to. you can what you'd have to. do is move to. it's legal and someone did in la. los angeles california but they moved to. oregon it's legal and that. pushed the pushed them to. change the law in in in in california. and it's legal in california. now assist suicide and i'm just like [ __ ] and then she says and there's a a movie there's a movie that you uh you can watch i think it's $299 on apple on apple uh tv uh on on itunes if you just go now it's not part of your curriculum to. watch it but you can if you want and i go oh okay. you just did extra credit. you didn't i'm different now. cuz of enriched m hey you lying. or j not payen hey i'm sad. now because of [laughter] enrichment [ __ ] so i'm like guess i'll go to. bed did it no problem. slept 9 hours woke up. at 7 got calvin ready. for bed i mean uh school. and had a meeting with my [ __ ] psychologist and then had a meeting with my coup's. therapy oh oh dude. i'm all scrambled up. right now oh my god dude. it's like to. do all this throughout life the whole thing. live find the meaning through. the suffering you know and like dud. my life's great i'm not you know. your life is as good. as you make it sometimes. you know a lot of it. has positivity i woke. up this morning i went outside. and i'm like let's just try. to be positive today let's think about the things. i'm grateful for let's be outside for 10. minutes soak up in the sun. and then i'm like to. do all this and to. just not get to. [ __ ] bust before you go. what a cruel cruel world. you know um h gosh. man you got to. feel all that [ __ ] i guess because it's like i don't know it's women. are so interesting because man. they love to. just like sit in that. and just peel back layers you know and just i mean. kristen said something to. me the other day she's like why don't you invite your friends. over and you have like a talk where like you. do this and that and then like you invite like you. know five guys over and then she mentioned the guys. and she was like and you could just talk and you could just like tell each other. about each other's like uh vulnerabilities. and i'm just like oh cuz of dicks. and then under that balls. you don't get it and she's like no. i know i know but no but then i'm just like i'm not really. g to i can do. that you know and then i'm the not that. she made me feel like it. but like now now because of my personality like okay. i'm the bad guy cuz i disagree. anyway i did not even intend. to tell that story i did not uh uh mean. to tell it that long. but it's like that's what's happening. paul prell de moine i i'm. going up river oh. i'm going up river. and i want to. kick that son of a [ __ ] bison so the next bison. wabe is going to. feel it i haven't done. that in a long time. dude love it thanks for reminding. me of that uh go to. holler. bab christalia if you want to. purchase a shout out or mini ad. on this podcast huckleberry road. country rock y alternative uh band releases new. song quiet anymore halloween what are you doing for halloween this guy just went is going this white guy this white couple is going as p didy and baby oil and the kid did blackface dude why is it something that people what i i i'd like to. know the statistics on is it. doesn't everybody know to. not do it uh because of either. either racism and if you don't buy that if you're like it's i don't care. it's racist i'm going to. do it anyway i'm not racist. okay fine that's an argument. that you can make i'm i'm still going. to do it still gonna make your life. worse right so what's the upside. getting someone to. go like this for halloween oh who are you. wait let me get my let me get my girl. here you'll see oh it's like dude. what about if she goes and gets a drink you're just standing there. racist but it's just so weird. because the woman or the girl. i don't look like they're in college. but the girl is baby. oil it says johnson's baby. on her shirt and then she's holding a bottle of baby. oil which she doesn't need to. be cuz no bottle of baby. oil hold baby oil but and then he's pdy in an outfit that p diddy. would never wear just a black blazer. white pants beating up adidas. shoes and a red bow tie like uh p. didy or are you ashy. patch adams um so wild. wild so i don't i want to. know the stats on the people. who do blackface still i want to. know what percentage of the people. don't know that that's what they're doing. because it can't be much. that's the only way obviously you're not. really at fault for something. because you're like oh i didn't know about blackface. what is it i didn't mean. to oh i didn't no i didn't know that's the only way. cuz if you you're either or you're like yeah i'm going. to be blackface and really stick. it to these black people or you're like i'm gonna be i'm gonna be blackface. i don't give a [ __ ] dude. i might get in trouble. but [ __ ] that you still know your life's. gonna be worse afterwards. um it's wild i'd love to. know the percentage yeah i mean. i know i'm getting whispers from the 0%. but it's like there there's really dumb. people out there but i do get chinese. we're chinese first generation we. love trump from our bottom of the heart. because we know trump. is the only one can save america. camala is so stupid. she is so low iq eco. no k no qualification to. be the president. you you shall stay away. from that possession you lost. the possession you lost our. trust you lost our vot you just need to. go home to stay home you cannot. do anything to. save america you are so stupid. you don't know anything. you cannot even answer any. question from the camera from all the media. how you can be at the stage. to fight home for america. to protect american people to. protect all the world you are. not qualified you just need. to go home like trump. to save america i mean. this is south park. dude this is unbeliev this. i would fully vote for this. woman she's passionate dude. passion like i never seen it. look at the guy doing it. and i love how the crowd. behind her is like oh god. okay well yeah i mean we do agree. with her so to. save the world to. put america first america to. be strong i mean this. is three minutes of her doing this. is she's doing a podcast that's amazing. um i appreciate you guys and that's it. for the episode if you want to. watch i'll be in toronto. i'll be in bismar. i'll be in sou. falls i'll be in sudbury i'll be in uh north bay go. to chris dot com. to get tickets oh and i'll be in irvine. and brea and a bunch of different. places go to chris dot com. to get tickets uh appreciate you uh if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. this is it for the youtube. if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. go to the patreon patreon dot com. christalia uh it is a uh is awesome. all your patreon subscribers i'm so appreciative to. you your producers of the show. and i love you for it. and uh i love you. for keeping this show uh alive and going. thank [music] you [ __ ] [ __ ] [music] 