 is brought to. you by adam and eve. dot com who wants better. sex and who wants to. start having better sex immediately. um hello everyone the best. way to get started. is to go to. adam and eve dot com. right yeah cuz i'm like how do you do it. you know what i'm saying and then you're just like go. to adam and eve dot com. okay that makes sense adam. and eve is offering 50% off just about any item. plus free shipping which includes rush. processing more than that adam and eve wants to. make your life easy they offer discret. shipping as your privacy. is a priority. plus 100% free shipping. with rush processing on your entire order. all right what if you buy. really expensive stuff and how you spend so much. money doesn't matter how much you spend or what you buy all will be packaged and sent. discretly for free and fast. wa don't wait better sex. is just a click away. so one item that's 50% off one item one item free shipping. but not free rush r. processing with free rush processing it. is bring more pleasure. and satisfaction into your bedroom. just go to adam. and eve dot com. and select any one item it could be an adventurous new toy or anything anything anything you desire. just enter offer code lifeline. at checkout that's lifeline l. i f l i n. adam andeve dot com this is an exclusive. off offer specific to. this podcast so if you're a homey to. this podcast be sure to. use this code lifeline. to get your discount. 100% free shipping. and get it fast. with rush processing code lifeline. are you or are you. not a little wussy. baby man right. yeah it's honestly comes down to. it's as simple as that. you're a little wy baby. man diap a little wussy. baby man and you need diapers yep. runk hello hello hello oh and shark. by ready with his dude. my special hey how about that look at that. the special official gr die. merch i didn't even see it until right. now but my special's out grow. or die that's nice that's really nice. thanks dude you can get this. on chris dot com. but you can also get the special on chris. dot com you directed it. you did and uh grow or die. it is uh awesome and uh i appreciate you. guys who already bought it. and you can go get it. now chris dot com you can also. uh sign up for this. patreon patreon dot com lifeline. lxury it's sunday november 12th sundays. are for lifeline but lifeline luxury. is also sunday's our for. lifeline luxury so go get that. uh i'm on tour. go to uh i got uh fort no. wait no that'll be done. uh richmond baltimore trenton philadelphia. and reading and oxnard california. and matt has some news i got a new podcast. coming out real soon i got 10. or maybe even 12 in. the can already w got some amaz. yeah man uh we want to. hear your stories we want to. hear your crazy stories i am the host. you will tell me your story we got like i said. a bunch in the can some amazing. episodes already can't wait to. record more if you want to. be a guest on the show. you got some kind of crazy. story you want to. share with the world go. submit yourself at the privat. docomo the privat gmail. dot com or find us. on instagram tik tok or youtube. i mean drowning yeah that's what's up. if you have a question go down. to the link uh watch lifeline. dot com or 101. advice s with matt at mata. dot com anyway dude. lifeline merch lifeline merch dot com. we got a lot. of stuff going on but uh it's all good. my babies and we are here at a lifeline. and uh so do you remember the pecking. order of glasses that was established. yeah well i remember that we talked about i don't actually. remember the i'm not ask i'm not going. to quiz you. there's another pair of glasses. and it's on my face. and they're green these are green. and i wore it because i'm wearing a green. sweatsuit that's pretty that's pretty cool. sock what kind of sweatsuit is. that do you know. uh lean is it new or vintage. uh it's new letan that makes me. actually hate french people. the way you do that. it's from letin so those are green. glasses they're green green green green green green but. you're wearing green sunglasses and i want them. cuz they grain and i like to. wear all one color when it's possible. uhhuh well your monochromatic matte. yeah um well okay that's cool. man i got green too. you got green it's the green. episode and look at that. that's green too whoa look at this. what the heck um well that uh nice hoodie. though for real those are really cool those those grower diey hoodies. i had i honestly had not even. seen them until yeah it's a old. take on the skater die [ __ ] you remember skater die. grower die what nice yeah. mad so great great a guy. a guy who used to. uh wear that stuff had sex. with his uh girlfriend you know back. in way back oh yeah. that's great cool yeah love thinking about that. wonder what chad's up to. um so uh no there's actually a lot. of cool grower die. merch i go hard with the merch. you know i love i like doing it. you love merchesi do i love. merchesi deep cut joke sorry i made it. is that why anthony laugh sorry. i made it yeah he's a dork. too just like me. what is it on like wolverine. issue5 something no walter merch. is like a very fam famous. walter merch is introduced uh dead. dead deadpool's uh origin story of w. deadpool no apocalypse now more like that. you know so anthony laughs so it's probably. about you know the uh batman. lego terrifier lego batman. or whatever lego batman dude. anthony loves the lego movies. especially so much popcorn when he goes. yeah dude gets two and acts like he's also getting another tub. for someone else but he's just getting both. popcorns for himself and also saw it. twice in the theater and the second time. he saw it he didn't admit. that he already saw it. to whoever he went with right. he's like yeah no we should go. see it sure um right. right right yeah he did that. i'll see i'll see it and then pretended like we he he predicted. aart and predicted like he predicted. aart you know what's going. to happen here and it does it. and like i just [ __ ] i just know it. i know it i just know the lego. movies yeah stripping stripping at that you got green on under there. too man see it's so hot. it's so weird how it's so blisteringly hot. and it's called outside which is what's interesting. it's called outside yeah so anyway um i'm feeling. good you feeling good. i feel good shoulder pain no back. pain that's it okay. well that was i have shoulder. pain why no neck. pain little bit of neck. pain no back pain dude. for the first time in my life. i have well no no for like past. six years okay i have no. lower back pain what happened. oh there's a fly here that's cool. i don't know dude i don't know what happened. i guess i just started. working out better. and and and different and and my core. or something i started. doing vops hanging vups yeah hanging with the v you know. bring the legs all the way. up to the face kiss. kiss your kiss your toes. i'm interested um and uh and i have. shoulder pain so that's cool and the reason why i have shoulder pain is i've now trans i trans i've transcended to. the i don't get hurt. doing physical activity anymore. i get hurt just being a dad. uh my son calvin i was driving. and he said dad. i i dropped my thing. so i went to. grab it oh pain. 3 weeks insurmountable did it. hurt right away when you did it. oh yeah you should have as a you. should be a better dad. and what you should do. as dad say i life. is hard you can't reach it tough ters. i don't care tough ters. good luck getting it on your own. let's see you try to. do that my son understands half. of those words actually you know. what's crazy yeah that's not true. no my son i have a joke. on my special about how he's not that. good at talking but he's good. for his age dude. the other he said um no i would rather. have that one uhhuh. and i'm like who the who thought you rather. yeah yeah what about. this one as well he'll say. i'm like what are you. who what are you watching. like british cooking shows yeah it's unbelievable. dude i bet he is everyone. watches those shows i can't stand. it dude here we are at. you know manchester b off. everyone watches the british. bake off show whatever it's called and every like oh the hosts. are so funny and entertaining it's like no they're not dude. by the way britain has the worst food. yeah but sweet it's about. sweets oh and they have good. sweets i guess yeah today. we're learning we're going. to see who can who can. make a better tomato. and beans yeah for breakfast. of course you nilly wits. you're not going to. eat that any anywhere past. 9:00 a.m. beans and a tomato. and whipped cream nilly. wits you know nilly wit. here we go you nlyt. imagine eating beans and a tomato. at at past 800 a.m. are you. crazy what no you nlyt. all right here we go. we've got nigel nigel worst. and and uh and uh what's the well it's not nigel. nigel worst so what. you asking me about now. you know what's the the lady. hollywood who paul hollywood let. me tell you about paul. hollywood he's one of the hosts. paul hollywood sucks i. mean but he has the greatest name of all. time great that's not his real. last name dude dude. why not that's my last. name look him up i don't even. know who that hollywood i guarantee. he's a guy with silver. hair paul hollywood oh well. there we go look. at him i'm right. he obviously had silver hair. he doesn't suck come. on look at him. no he doesn't suck you're right. take it back who's the other guy. though the other guy does. suck n n fielding or whatever. all right i'm going to. get thrashed for this cuz people love. that guy dude this guy i've never he's never made me. laugh yet people love this. guy he's fine but look at his hat. yeah the hat it's okay. no the hat what hat. that one oh that's not good. but yeah no he's fine. he's just like i i don't i don't. know anything about these guys so i've never seen. there's a woman that hosted two. right the three there's three yeah yeah um it's so so so popular. and i've been made so people like more than one. person has been like you got to. let's watch that let's watch that. what what is it called. the great british bake off yes and i'm just like actually the woman. is my favorite one. that's right i forgot a she's like the she gets mean. and it's fun is that the guy. from that show the long. hair guy so big yeah. the the mighty bo yeah. people love that i the other guy. from the mighty bush is. hilarious to me i don't like this. guy that much i don't know it's probably. because i've seen this too much. and i just i'm not i've never seen. competition cooking shows never seen you. don't know what the mighty. bu is even i know. what it is i've never seen. it yeah the mighty. bush is like a really really really famous. popular english from a long. time ago though it's pretty it. was like to me my recollection. is it's one of those things. that became viral before. things became viral yeah it was it. was like as right. what like in the mid off yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah wasn't there. something where he was on like a boat. in a lake or something. this the old greg thing. yeah isn't that what that is. the old greg thing people. love that old greg. thing i don't know what old greg. is i saw like a clip. of it or something. yeah yeah yeah that that thing. was very very viral people thought it. was so funny and i watched. like 10 seconds of it. and i was like i think i'm just not british. i forget the other guy's name. but he's funny people love. it though yeah people love it. british people are are just they're on. a different like wavelength. though sometimes yeah not a way people assume. because they also speak english. that like they're really a lot. like us nope they're not a lot. like us like every single yeah british. person will say faulty towers. is like the alltime best. thing have have either of you guys. ever watched faulty towers faulty. towers i watch it like this oh really really i like absolutely fabulous. imagine watching something like that. we're going to piss. british people off today because they're eating. beans and a tomato. a know right wow if you're listening to. the podcast before at you are. otherwise you're being a nilly. w ailly w yeah why would you eat beans. in a tomato. pass half off seven. what or really why would you eat. beans in a tomato. at all well they do that. in british remember when we were in london. cuz they have no other food. remember when we were in london. and we were going we were like let's go. get some breakfast we got up. early because we were jet. lagged we got up early. went and we were like i'll get oh they only have beans. and tomato beans and you were like well. we were like we were like i'll get a tomato. they're like you want beans. on the side we're like on. the side like a tomato's the main part. of the it was though. what else was there it. was like a one of the the one. of the main things was like a [ __ ] uh you know a sausage thing that was it was like plastic they'll. do links yeah they do sausage. l and they do fish. right fish and chips is their thing. for breakfast yeah fish for breakfast. dude they they got limited. options dude they why though. it's a place yeah it's true. you can just get so true. also they're the they're britain like they they i know. it's great there now it's hard. to get stuff in britain. because of brexit though but back then yeah there was no excuse no excuse brexit stage left. you know what they say. mhm brexit what what what did. you say so [ __ ] stupid i didn't even hear what you said he said brexit stage left. oh wow wow wow wow wow oh man. laughed wow you guys. all suck cuz it's so. stupid dud i laughed cuz you guys. left i have no idea what a follower. a follower dude an absolute follower. dude brexit stage right all right wow you didn't even hear it. and just laughed like a dumbo. just heard laughter in start. of going that's what my that's what calvin. does dude that's also like a it's butthead you're butthead you know. you're just butthead dude. no man you almost spit. out your drink it was funny. wait wait hold on. a child a child a child works. spit out your drink who did did you spit. out your you at that you laugh. at me laughing not the brexit. stage left joke oh you. mean oh wait you're realizing the thing. he said a whole minute. ago no he said i laughed and i didn't even hear. it and then no i i no i said i don't even. know what the hell you're talking. about yeah right. right right like i don't get the joke. so and you laughed at it. he laughed at it. yes but i laughed at you. laughing that's not what he said dude. doesn't matter what he said it. but this is goes back. to what we were saying. earlier i'm right about this. i am right about this. dude he said hold. dude this is am i autistic. he said well yeah he said that's fine. though but you're this right. what's right cuz he said i laughed and i don't even know what what did. what was it i said i laughed and i don't even. get the joke i laughed i don't. get the joke yeah. i thought he said i laughed i don't. know what you said okay. so i'm supposed to. know that he laughed at me. laughing that's not what he said a minute. ago he initially clear no. dude it was very clear. based on what he said that. he was laughing just because other people laughed. which is a verion i don't remember the exact words. but what he said was. i'm laughing because other people laughed. that's why i said follower. in the first place the other one. that happened before the show. was more clear and i was more right. about that one no you were wrong. about that too you. got to tell if you're going. to talk going to. mako said chris said. what's the answer to. sell me this pen mhm. and i said what but what just to. insert real quick just to. be clear cu i knew exactly. what he meant but go ahead. but i said that's not a question. and then you said yeah but you know. how on wolf of wall. street jordan bord makes a guy sell him. your pen and i said yeah. no i and you said so you know. what he means no i don't know. what he means at the end. of the movie yes got out of that. one he goes around. at his seminar and some so then what the [ __ ] are you confused. about he said what's the answer. to sell he's going. around from guy shut up he's going. around from guy to. guy getting asking them to. do it right the right. way and then with person doesn't know the person. doesn't get it the person. doesn't get it and then shut the [ __ ] up then if you know because that's not i when he says what's the answer. to some of this pen. i think here's why you're done. yeah i know i know and that's okay. to think that but it's also not okay. to think to. not think more things after that. that's how we make sense. of the world somebody says something and you think beyond. the literal meaning of every. word one at a time. your word is your bond dude. your word is your bond and if you're not saying the correct. because here you know. what you know what it. truly is actually what i'm realizing. it i'm i'm it's an insecure. thing because i think there's something that he knows. that i don't know that. i should understand so what are you talking. about like is there. an answer to it. that i'm not privy to. yeah there is there is a response. that he's looking for that. is correct that is what. he meant that's what he was. asking about jordan bufford is looking for a speci. to i'm at target. that's that's not something but jordan belford specifically jord bord. said i'm at target there's an answer. to it it's not. asking you [ __ ] [ __ ] let's go to. the [ __ ] lifelines dude. everyone listening absolutely knows. i'm right but i don't think they do dude. they absolutely do they all know. what's implied by that. question if they know who jordan bord. is is if they know what sum. of this pen is bro. that's and i think you do too. which is even more annoying. no i know what do. you think jord hold on. hold on what do you think jordan bford is doing. what do you think he's looking for when he says some me. this pen to. and and each person that he does. it to tries. to sell him this. pen and jordan buford's like no. that's wrong goes to. the next one how would you sell me. this pen what do you what. does that mean how would you sell me. this pen that what's the answer. to how you would sell me. this pen yeah that's the same. thing he's saying just different. the answer to. sell me this penny oh. my god dude like as if semantics is the problem. it's just like that's what i'm saying. every you know you know you you know. so what is the answer. then we didn't know that's why. we were all talking about. it we didn't remember if there's an answer. then what is it we don't know. but it's out there that's why. we asked we don't know. we wouldn't have asked if we knew. we would have just said hey you know. how jordan buffer says some of this. pen this is what he's looking. for now i'm way more hot. than it already was it was. already hot hot it's so hot. okay all right whatever we know. where each person stands hey chis my name is victor i am. from serbia added a big. big fan uh i tried. to show your clips. to my serbian friends all the time. but they never understand. never laugh because of the language. barrier so i just usually end. up watching them watching the clip. just like that's cool though. you're still trying waiting checking if they like it. so insecure but i do have a question. watching tv shows and movies. about uh mafia there's always this mafia. boss who speaks in a really low volume. that i understand that's a dominance. thing but they say the vaguest. [ __ ] and the people act as if they understood what they said now that could get really confusing in a real life situation but in a movie it would look like a guy begging for his life please please save me and the mafia boss would be like the spars and the cat and they would be like thank you thank you and i'm like no you didn't hear him. you didn't understand him so is it. lazy writing like what is. your take on it. thank you guys so so much. ag you two would get along great. yeah this guy would agree. with me the answer though. is obvious what it's it's implied in any mafia. movie there there are they their own. group with their own. language the mafia boss doesn't say. things outright because he doesn't want to. have to have it. in any way be able to. come back around him. the whole point of being brought up. slowly in the mob through the ranks. is you you learn. what things mean within your group. of people yeah and so the mob boss isn't going. to go around being like kill. him y on friday thank. you he's going to. say take care of him. before the weekend whatever the [ __ ] it is you know exactly. which is why in the real world. and not in mafia movies. there is no answer. to sell me this pen. oh my god and thank you very. much well worst lawyer in history and that your honor. is where i arrest my case. yeah uh well that i just answered. his question that that that's not that. still not good writing though. because let's face it. there's been enough movies. about mafia i frankly. don't think so you know. you don't think so you should see. no i think 50 to. 60% of movies should be about mster. yeah i mean i do like a lot. of mafia movies but that yeah. i think they should insert m mobsters. into every into. into 50 to. 60% of movies i don't. think they should make i think but like avatar would be cool. if like they were like right. flying by and go. like you know you gotta you gotta connect. the the the dog to. the [ __ ] guy in there and then they're connecting and then they flying. around and that's the person right. oh so you okay you would like mafia. people in the world of every movie not just like adding separate. scenes of mafia bosses being like take care. of the thing actually that would be really. funny if they just cut to. two mobsters talking about. avatars i would i would yeah that's a good idea see we we build on it. you know and it's like to. be like ah you ever see the [ __ ] blue guys walking around and then they got a [ __ ] you know get the [ __ ] out of here with blue guys happens and then cuts back to. [music] weather flly yeah dude. in romantic comedies with dyan mcdermot. you know yeah i do hey [ __ ] yeah you see they got married. they did no get the [ __ ] out of here. and okay well aveng avengers that guy's big. and [ __ ] green you know yeah people wouldn't even notice in the avengers. you know it wouldn't you're right. all right so hi. chris and matt massive fan. i have a question. so i like to. work out that sounds annoying. but i do and sometimes let's say i'm on a trip. with people and i'll get up. earlier than everyone else to. out before the day activities. that's crazy and sometimes i get comments. like oh my god you're crazy. or don't you want to. just sleep in you just miss one. day and it's so annoying. and i need a qu response. that's funny and witty to. just like snap at them. y so let me know i'm a massive. fan i saw you laugh. factory a couple months ago. awesome you're so hilarious and matt. thank you for keeping chris. and check i think that that is extremely annoying. and i think that it. should be i don't know. exactly what it should be but it. should be something about how you don't tell them. what to do just because yeah. it's the way you do. a thing like that's so annoying. cu it's like what why. do you care i'm working out. you sleep in all you want. cuz they wish they did you think so yeah definitely everyone wishes. they were healthier you know. that's such an extreme way to. show them your abs uhhuh. go like this here's why. and then go like this. a or or say you're lucky. i don't make you do it. with me what you want you. want to shut the [ __ ] up about it. and let me do it or i'll wake wake up. you do burpees i mean dude. that's so annoying yeah you should uh also just you're you know. people are lazy slobs and ah that's really annoying. [ __ ] i don't know what to. tell you besides maybe get new friends. yeah cuz here's the here's the other thing. that's super annoying when somebody's just like yeah. why don't you come. work out with me like what. that's your version of it. and you don't do that. right yeah well i mean unless you do but it's like dude. you know what just yeah say. here's what you should say. do you realize when someone does that. say do you realize how that annoying. that is that's as annoying. as me hounding you and trying. to force you to. come work out with me. obviously you don't want to. do that and obviously i don't want to. make you do that so why. do you want to. make me do your thing. i would do that i would do that. that that that's the tit. for tat that's that's what they deserve. if they say it to. you and you've already said it. like yeah answered it and they do. it again then you wake them. up next time you work. out yeah yeah if you're on a trip yeah dude i f. i don't wake up early. in the morning but you know it. when i i was my last trip. i went on i worked out. i dude i love it man. it's awesome i don't bug. anybody about it yeah. that's the thing if you're not bugging. anybody why are they bugging you. nobody even do it after the trip. like after they're back home. and your back home at 7:00. a.m. call them every day and say hey come work out. with me why don't you want. to work out with me i mean. so so extreme you know outside of their apartment. it is weird that people uh work get up. man people get i they get what say the thing. otherwise no one knows what you're saying. i'm processing i cannot imagine waking up. earlier than i need to. so i can get a workout in i i i if i had a 9. to5 i guess i would have to. try and do that because i have kids. and i don't want to. not see my kids before. they go to sleep. yeah that's definitely i guess. that's it but dude. some people are just single with no. kids yeah but you know what that's about. they want to. get they want to. wake up and get it. over with and it's like if it's part. of your routine you roll. out of bed and get it. done then you feel good the rest of the day. you're not like i got to. fit in a workout yes but some of those people still go. to sleep at like midnight yeah. i don't understand i need. a minimum of 9. hours of sleep a night. yeah you're such a dude. i don't i if if i got 9 hours. i would be so [ __ ] the whole day. i would just be so groggy what. bro i don't know i really would be yeah how much you get six sometimes. a little less and i feel good. better anything over seven. and i'll have like a headache that's not good. dude you're going to. die early well i i mean. i don't know what to. say yeah you are supposed. to get it fluctuates from person. to person obviously but you're supposed. to get at least seven yeah dude. if i can get 11. oh my god i wake up. and it's dope bro i wake up. and it's like bro i think i like [ __ ] i just feel like i'm on a different planet. you feel good if you get 11. hours of sleep oh yeah. bro i mean came absolutely so good. like not good so good explain. that that makes that doesn't even really make sense. to me okay i feel like i've recharged like completely. full 100% recharged i can open any apps in my body i'm just ready. to go are you a human. i'm an iphone uh i'm the iphone. 15 yeah i mean that. makes sense that's what literally happened. you recharged um i got the new iphone. okay well that's boring we're not going. to talk about that okay. let's didn't up yet i got three. days ago that's how crazy i am. oh dude that's good i like that. you know why cuz it makes him. he just shivered in his boots why. does he hate that. he's just the least dude. honestly i've bought things at my house. that he does not live at right. he'll come over see a box. somewhere and not like dude. like this for real like you're talking to. me you're me the box. is over there you'll be talking saying what's going. on what's going on yeah. uhhuh that's because he's like it's like it's like boil. a [ __ ] heroin addict and like the fix is over like over there. and he just wants get it. over with and get in his body. open a box what the fix. is opening a box yeah. the fix is and and then setting it. up though it's not just opening. the box he has set up that's great. you got to have kids. uh what do you call. the thing that's like the intermediate. for your sound system i forget. um you know what i'm talking. about right a receiver. receiver yeah he set up. a receiver at my house. yeah i did you get something. complicated you don't even need help. just invite chris mco over. and let make sure the box. is in sight hey come over for a loaf. yeah a loaf yeah. whatever i know how they do in brexit. um oh i see so uh i you got to. help me set up my phone. now yeah dude invite him over. all next week all right so uh anyway right. next one chris coming out of texas. my name is dylan. got to talk fast. cuz i'm at work really quick. love what you guys do keep on. doing it me through. my days and it's amazing. check this out now i went to. go get a sandwich elaborate after this. okay i want you guys. to talk about it what the [ __ ] why can't people make sandwiches now. i come a little bit out. of italy myself northern italy. my grandfather came down we love sandwiches. that's just what it is. yeah why can't people make [ __ ] decent sandwiches. you go buy a sandwich. make it right make it [ __ ] right yeah so if you ever had a [ __ ] up sandwich please let's talk about it cuz this is absolutely ridiculous. with these kids getting getting hired. and they they have no idea. how to make a sandwich. it's sad yeah love you. guys working hard know. you're working hard too. later thanks bro it's true and it is weird every time i've made my own sandwich. i think why is this. as good as a sandwich. that i can get at a restaurant. that's not how it should be. well wait what i'm saying i make a sandwich. and it's like that's great. good i don't know like what the [ __ ] i'm doing i'm just being like that's probably good. that's probably good that's probably good. and then i bite it and i'm like but then i'll think about like you know. what like what he's saying. you go somewhere you buy a sandwich. and sometimes it's like this. isn't good enough to. be a thing that is sold. at places oh nobody gives a [ __ ] about about their job. yeah but well obviously some sandwich. places are the [ __ ] best yeah they care or they just know what they're doing or keep an eye on employees. what he's saying and i agree with something's going. on something's going on at some of these places. the seen an avatar at some of these places. where it's like what are we doing. why are you why are you even. in business as a place. that sell weird h. i never really thought about that. because dude when i make a s no. first of all no and i'm telling you right. now mh no place. can make a a better sandwich. than i can make myself well sure that's okay. know what you like i know. it's person thing but also if i make a sandwich. for anybody that ever came around. uh they'd go like this. yo that was good really oh yeah. what's interesting about that. is i've never seen you make a sandwich. for you or anyone else. because you're always telling other. people to do it. yeah but they know. how i like it that's basically you making it. you want me to. make your a sandwich kristen. dude i um you want make you a sand mom yeah yeah sorry. i stepped on it. you [ __ ] it up i should let you do it but um let me call my mom over uh so no uh yeah i could make you a [ __ ] bangarang sandwich cool that you would be like and then next time you be like oh yeah no make the sandwich really oh yeah yeah yeah oh hey dude i'm telling you the truth. you're being weird about it. and it's making me thinking. maybe it's not the truth. oh well then i'll stop talking about it. because it's true. oh okay now i believe you anybody. anytime time someone says i'll fine i'll stop talking about it. now they're being completely honest. and everything they've already said is true. just so everybody understands that so listen. so you can uh yeah i that is actually. i've never really thought about that. but that's a good point. it's actually so easy to. make a sandwich good it's it's probably. the easiest thing to. make good that is of some sort of sure. yeah skill yeah it's so easy. it's it's really and you go. to like and yo like first of all rest like sandwiches. at if you're a sandwich place. and you make a sandwich. that's less than an eight. mhm go out of business. it's crazy shutter the business. yeah i agree yeah shutter. your business but there's places. like restaurants that have sandwiches those. are i would say not good. 90% or 95% of the time. because if you're at a restaurant. ordering a sandwich that that's just not their thing. that's not a thing to. get at a restaurant you. know i'm thinking yeah you get like a dish. sometimes there's like a french dip or something. at a fancy i guess. good you know but french dips. are better at like you know. delies and [ __ ] yeah yeah i agree yeah the sandwich place uh it's just bonkers it's bonkers that place. make a bad sandwich and it happens. so much like and places. like quiznos that's what i was just going. to say [ __ ] terrible dude and that's what you do yeah. oh man every sandwich. from quiznos is bonkers. [ __ ] i disagree i think that about subway. though yeah no no no no no. no no subway you can. get a good one. you're god sometimes yeah you're just so wrong. it's nut rages dude. it is complete nut. rage how wrong you are honestly. subway and quiz noes is. bad sure f i can get a thing. i like at subway that's how i feel. about quiz noes that's it. what do you get a quiz. nose the [ __ ] barbecue [ __ ] thing. [ __ ] [ __ ] dude you know what i hate more than any other flavor. is barbecue. it's not good oh really. yeah oh everyone loves barbecue. no not me yeah oh nice dude. i like the kind of food. barbecue like almost the most but i don't. prefer it i love it. love it what does that mean. like you don't like barbecue. sauce yes yeah that's what i mean. that's what i mean or like a a mr. what the [ __ ] suie pen. question you couldn't deduce that. well well you said you said i don't like barb. wait what did you say. a car a car a car. an absolute car a dying bird. um yeah i don't like barbecue. flavor is what i should say. barbecue flavor chips is a thing. and that's disgusting any kind of barbecue. flavor uh if you're making chicken. on a barbecue. yeah okay but i don't want you. to do that brushing on it. with the barbecue sauce okay. so you just don't like barbecue. sauce barbecue sauce so think about ribs. like ribs chill no. i don't like ribs chill. first of all here's the thing. about the ribs is dude. i don't want to. be come out looking like i was in world. war ii after i eat chili's. baby back ribs there i did it. but dude i don't want do the barbecue. sauce part that's the whole. reason you were doing it. no no no no no i already did. the barbecue sauce all. together nah that's like a theater dor i just did parts. of it as i wanted. to do it but i don't want. to dude it's oh [ __ ] it's so so annoying eating [ __ ] ribs dude it really is it's like dude first of all it comes out it looks like a dead body it's it's half of a [ __ ] being and you're sitting here you got to. break it off it's all over. it's it's like you get it. here you know what i mean. and then like and then afterwards. the worst part is when they give you the [ __ ] the wet. na [ __ ] enough yeah it it it's it's this big it's enough for one and a half fingers it's this big it's the size of anthony's penis and i got to. use it all over dude. and it suck you know. what the worst is giving someone. a wet nap this [ __ ] drives me nuts. uhoh when somebody gives you a wet. nap when they haven't it's the first thing. they give you when you at an airplane. when you sit down and they're like mhm. for what dude for what this. is you're acting like you're doing. me a nicity to. get clean hands before you. eat is why they do it. not so you can save. it for later [ __ ] [ __ ] that dude who because i'm chilling okay. say no i do okay. i no i don't want that. well why are you so confrontational. about it's not their idea it's just like part. of their job you know they didn't think like that. guy looks like he wants a wet. now they like this they like this. to the person next to. me the guy always takes it. it's so cuda to. take that [ __ ] it really is man. and they just take it. and then they go before before. they even go down say. you don't need to. i'm not i don't want one. when the guy takes it you should say. get real close to. him say why did you take that. like confrontation i'm going to. next time lean over and point. at him next time i'm going. to ask him why did you take that. and if he says i wanted it. i say no no no uh oh why. why did you want it. break this down for me. please he's going to. be he's going to. be thinking god we got four. and a half more hours. in this yeah dude. especially when i'm on my way. to orlando that's a long. flight my baby well you know. what's weird is when yeah they give it to. you and then people [ __ ] are put it on their face yeah dude what's that what the [ __ ] dude i only wipe my ass with it but i don't i play what else like lifting the arm thing. so you get closer. yeah yeah yeah yeah sir sir sir sir like in your face. they he they hear you. go here you go dude. [ __ ] planes are too they jam back. people in so tight dude. you're just like this with your the person. next to you yeah yeah dude. yeah they got the nerve. to be like they got the nerve. like the nerve the [ __ ] g the sack to. be like can you lift. your chair up we got land. dude are you like that's the difference of me. getting beheaded if we crash. you know what's my [ __ ] favorite thing. theyes do now is they try. to shame your ass. for having the exact number of carryons. that they tell you you can have when you buy. your ticket they're like their flight's really full. so if anybody's willing to. check their bags that. they have on cuz you know. if there's no room. you're going to have to. check them anyway so you might as well do it. now it's like no i'm playing by. the rules i'm [ __ ] doing exactly. what i'm supposed to. do airlines are so shitty. bro do it better cut out. 10 seats even four and just make a little more room. for people [ __ ] bags dude they go they they they the last plane i was on they said we can't take off i swear to. god we still need 16. more people to check bags. dude what 16 it's that's such a shitty. policy dude like what you can't. do the thing like you can't. say everyone gets two bags. and then if a fight's full and everyone has two bags. there's no possible. way you can fit all the bag. that's a shitty policy how about. this don't bring the [ __ ] wet naaps and fit another bag right. just leave all the wet naps. behind no wet nap left. behind all right let's get in another one. no wet naap left behind hello. chris and matt it's sophia all. the way from mexico and i need help. with a coworker so he's the it manager. he's probably 45 years. old and he's very kind but he's creepy. there's something weird about him. and i'm 27 years. old and every time he sees me he takes a photo. of me and i don't want him. taking photos of me and for example. i'll be very focused. at a meeting and he will take a photo. he will send it through. whatap and he'll be like why so serious. or i'll be printing and he'll take a photo. or i will be with more people and he will take the photo. but it's very obvious. that i am the focus i am. in the middle of that. shot and i really don't want him. taking photos of me and i don't know. what to do what. if i go to hr and they fire. him and his three daughters. suffer from this or what. if they don't fire him. and he'll be like but i send the photos to. her because that's why i i think he sends. them to me or they don't. fire him and then things become very weird. and uport every time we have to. work together so i don't know maybe there's something like a funny comeback. i can tell him or i don't know. please help me out what. i should do or am. i just exaggerating and it's not that. bad because i've asked around thinking. this was like his way. of being funny and he doesn't take photos of anyone. else it's just of me. so i don't know what should i do. i mean hat to. break it to. you but whether he realizes it. or not he is flirting. with you and that frankly. [ __ ] sucks for you. did i'm sorry i missed. did she say it's her. boss cooworker a cooworker not her boss. she said cooworker i think did she say. cooworker in the beginning yeah because that's a big. difference if it's a coworker ask just straight up say why. do you always take pictures. of me that makes me really. uncomfortable and i don't want i you don't have to. say i don't want it. but just like ask the best. put him on his own. heels because frankly taking a picture. of someone frequently without their consent. or even like knowledge that you might be doing so is putting them back. on their heels so he it's like you're kind of just like yeah. true it's like he can't not. expect that that's [ __ ] [ __ ] dude i'm so wary of even. getting someone in the background. of a photo that i'm taking if it's all. people i know and like we're all in a public. setting and like i anybody who's in a picture. that i might be taking i want them. to know or at least. have signaled to. me that it's okay. for me to do. that that's he's trying to. [ __ ] flirt with you and that is the worst way. to do it yeah. yeah he is he is yeah. he likes you which is so annoying. annoying because it's at work but yeah i i would i think i mean. in america that would be the guy. would go to like you know. prison for nine years. but i think that you i think that you should start. by saying something to. him yes yeah for sure. i going directly to. hr is like it may. not be necessary you don't. want them to get fired. if if cu maybe it's hey dude it makes you uncomfortable. when you take pictures of me. and then he says oh my gosh. i'm so sorry and never does. it again exactly you know. what i'm saying it's totally possible. he doesn't real obviously it's possible. he doesn't realize he's making you. uncomfortable i mean he could be bad. at reading signs he could. be like oh this girl. likes me i mean he could be like completely. yeah and if sometimes all it takes is yo. don't do that and then people are like oh okay. then especially because it's at work he's not going. to want to. get fired or get reported. at for sure true that's why. i was like is it. boss or cooworker if it's boss. it's a whole different thing. it's way stickier and sucks way more true. uh but if it's a coworker yeah. absolutely just bring it up. with them directly and be like even if you you don't. have to ask cuz honestly who cares. what the answer is just tell them. true i i'm not really comfortable. having my picture taken uh if you don't mind. not taking my picture and then he does anything. in retaliation then you definitely go to. as of course absolutely yeah. but you know it's possible. because he's already the kind of guy. that's taking pictures of you without your consent. he might do something like oh i'm sorry. oh in america he would do that. but in she's in mexico. so it might be like you're the daughter. of a motherless goat. you know what i mean. like yeah but i'm not making but that's in mex mexico. they do crazy [ __ ] like that okay like honor. like it's you're a motherless. goat okay well in any case. he might say something. defensive whatever he says even if it [ __ ] is total [ __ ] [ __ ] just like let it go by because the point the point is you want him to. stop taking your picture that's all. that matters he can be as defensive. as as childish as he wants. in response all you need to. do is convey that you don't. want that to happen anymore. and just so you know. that is not rude of you. at all no it's not rude. yeah that is not even. remotely rude in any way. it's a boundary i guess. yeah yeah well wow you know. uh that sucks dude. god that sucks yeah we've got a few things like that. this is why dudes are dudes are annoying. you know so true. guys at work guys at the workplace. stop stop and the gym stop it. just stop it guys are just kind of annoying. in that way yeah it's really. weird man and then they get bunched. up too when they they get all. bald up dude when when you when you approach them about it. sometimes so be prepared. but that god man i don't envy that with women. that that that's that's so annoying. because as a man. you be like yo bro. but as a woman you have to. worry about well maybe he'll stab me. a number of things beyond. even beyond even actual violence. there's a number of things to. worry about it's totally sucks. yeah all right want to. do next one i take pictures. of anthony all the time. chris you're my heart you get me. matt you're a wise wonderful. soul i love you guys. so much um so i've been living on the jersey. shore for the past like. four years and i go for walks. on the boardwalk a lot. and i see the same man. every time like for four years. and every time he walks by. me he's so chipper and kind and he gives me. a good morning. like says it the same. exact way every time and just recently it's been starting. to bug me oh and i'm like that's probably. like so rude and so deeper. but today i just decided i'm going. to beat him to. it so i saw him walking. from a distance and i yelled. over like hey good morning. and it just made me giggle. and i was like thinking about the whole. idea of like saying hi. to strangers and i'm a recovering people pleaser. so i feel like i used to. always think like i had to. smile back and like say hi. or like give some someone to. smile and be kind and like i know. there's value to. that but at the same. time i'm in my 30s. now i'm tired i'm like i don't feel. like wasting my energy on like faking. a smile to. a stranger but then if i don't am i like so rude. god that's weird i just want to. see what you guys thought. of that the whole thing is. actually so benign but also deeply rooted in pleasing. people wow here's the here's the problem. with all of it and there's only one you're thinking about it. too much full stop the end. whether you smile or not. a good one does not matter. whether you smile back. or not does not matter it. probably doesn't and i'll tell you why. it doesn't matter even. if someone smiles at you and you don't smile back. even if which they're not going to. but i'm maybe in some cases someone will be like what. an [ __ ] within three seconds not only will that person forget. about the interaction they will completely forget. that you exist. when we're worrying so much about this people pleasing. because i do it too so i can relate. but we're what we're also what we're actually doing is elevating. in our own minds. our sense of how much we actually matter. to people we don't matter. at all to strangers. they don't give a [ __ ] about us. not really they want us. in general like wellbeing they care. about but they don't specifically care. about us as individuals so after they've passed us. and we're no longer in their line. of sight they're not thinking about us. whether you were rude. or not and by the way. it's not rude to. just not smile it's not. rude to. just it's only rude to. be rude so if you're not being rude. they're not going to remember. you good morning. [ __ ] you yeah that would be rude that would count you know they might remember you in case. you did if you did that. isn't that interesting though yeah it's interesting. yeah like so you know. sometimes people will come up and say you know. that they're like either a fan. or like something to. me like or just hey you know. and i'm always like i'm i'm i'm always appreciative always and but then sometimes i'm like different. levels of in a good mood. of course you know. and occasionally i walk away and i think i hope i was enough nice enough that to. where they don't think i'm a dick. and i didn't ruin it. for them like the idea of me. mhm you know i i i think about that. sometimes and i'm like it's so weird. because i don't i i genuinely am appreciative whenever somebody comes up. to me and says something nice but also like i don't owe. them anything and and as like a like a person. even like not i don't mean. as like someone's a fan. like you don't really owe somebody. a stranger any of your time. you know no you don't but if she were to. just not say [ __ ] i mean 95%. of people would think she's an [ __ ] if he said you know what i'm saying. more than that if she if he walked by. her and said good morning. and she didn't do anything. yeah she said something. that i personally disagree with she. called it a or implied with so many words. that it's a waste of her. energy to smile. back or i don't feel like that. is an expenditure of my energy. to the point that i'm like going. to miss that energy. throughout the course of the day. if somebody smiles at me i will i will i will always smile. back too and i will do so because that actually makes me. feel good i like walking by a stranger. having like a really brief non. interaction with them just exchanging some kind of vague nicity because i like believing that people in the world generally in like a vague broad. overview way care about other people i feel that. way and i it's it. makes me feel good when i'm led to. believe other people feel that. way as well that's just me though. i don't know i guess. i guess yeah if i say good. morning to. someone that i'm walking by like a neighbor and they just keep their face. straight and keep walking. i'll definitely think what a [ __ ] [ __ ] some yeah yeah i guess but also sometimes it's more it takes more energy to. not do the thing for me. at least right well that's kind of what. she's lying i mean you're she's putting so much. mental effort into. this she's thinking about it. too much full stop you're right. it's almost like you'll what you're saying. is you it'll be it's less. energy ultimately to. just say it back because then it's like you're thinking about it. yeah that's good so just save yourself the energy. of having to. like recap it and go over. it over and over again. and just do it yeah. just say good morning. yeah think about it as a exercise. for yourself you're doing it. cuz saving yourself further down i was going. to say that because this and i was going. to say this in the beginning. of one when she started talking this. is the thing i thought of is that. you this all this says more about you than it. does about him anyway oh yeah so yeah. 100% back to that in my head. but yeah that's uh yeah so just say it so yeah do the thing. that's going to require the least. amount of energy and that. thing counterintuitively is doing it. back leaving it where you find it. and then just going about your life. and not thinking about it. anymore how interesting and you know what it's just like okay. no that's the worst point. no i i mean you'll see next one. okay what's good matt what's good. chris i have a question. for you guys i'll get right. to it last time. i was in a really longterm relationship. it lasted for 10. years i lived with my ex. for about nine of those years. um stayed single for you. know maybe 3 months before. i hopped back into. another like longterm relationship i'm 32. years old he's 31 years. old and both of our leases. are up and we've decided to. take the jump and move in together. it's the most mature relationship. i've ever been in and so i'm not. like too worried about compatibility. and we've been together. long enough that we know how each other. kind of lives like how he does. the dishes the cleanliness factor like compatible on all. fronts my issue lies. with those three months that. i was single i very much. for the first time in my life. learned to enjoy me time. and i'm finding myself already get getting. irritable with like the littlest things. little ticks that normally wouldn't bother. anybody and normally wouldn't bother. me and i find myself worried. about if we live together. not having enough personal space. how would you go about. dealing with that thanks so much. love you guys and chris sorry. you had such a bizarre. time in montreal cheers oh oh she's talking. about cuz i um got hackled but it wasn't it. was nothing was bizar yeah that's sweet. of you to. say thank you i knew. she was canadian do you know. uh yeah yeah i i i think two things. about this you want to. go first you go first. um i i think here's this. is not really an answer. to a question but it it's my takeaway. you feel those things that waiting to. move in is not going. to make those things yeah. what i'm saying is if you want to. be with this person for a long. time you're going to. have to deal with this. at some point at some point. you are going to. live together so might as well. do it and see how it plays. out and if it becomes an issue create and he'll he'll understand. this if he's a good partner. if you say like look i really uh am realizing. how much i value and kind of need alone. time and moving forward i would like to. you know fit that into. our life together that can mean. me leaving it can mean. you leaving home for whatever it is you know like but you know i think it's important. for our overall health as a couple. for me to have aone. time he will absolutely understand. yeah i think uh i i think you know. i don't know i mean. people make it work. it's tough to. do like 10 years. in a relationship and then jump back. into another one it's like somebody. might be like well then how do you even. know who you really are if you'. never been alone and stuff. but it's like that whole being uh alone. thing that whole having time. to yourself and wanting that i don't think that ever goes. away like you're not going to. like just because you do for like say. five years go by. and you don't live with him. and then you think okay. i got it all out. of my system like that's just not. how it works you're not going. to get it out of your system. i think you're just growing. up you're 32 now and other things. are important to. you and maybe this relationship the first one. ending was a catalyst to. change right and and that's how you realized it. um also 20 to. 30 oh my god i know i know i know i know yeah cuz when you're 22 you don't want aone time. you just want to. be with everybody and when you're 32. you want aone time. when you're 22 you don't [ __ ] know any [ __ ] thing in the whole. [ __ ] world when you're 32 you know some dennis finina. [ __ ] things yeah right so yeah i think that it's more about growing. up and less about having your uhoh. am i missing out on. something i think that you're just realizing. who you are through the midst. of what's happening in your life. um really this other dude. if he's worth any weight. if you just say like yo i'm realizing. in my last relationship i didn't have. me time i need to. have me time and he's anything. other than like oh okay. yeah he should want that. you i mean maybe it's like i if someone said that. to me i might in the beginning. be a little insecure. about it like why. doesn't she want to. spend all her time with me. but like then the next thought is oh wait. i'm an adult she's an adult. she's telling me what she needs. okay great not me if someone said that. to me early on. or that you about immediately propose. marriage to. them because i want i want to. be alone too i i need a lot. of alone time yes exactly yeah. and then separate for a few. days to have aone time. and then go on marry. me in 6 years. um yeah that's that's uh good. you know we do a lot. of silly stuff on this podcast. but when we buckle down we really can give people some good advice. yeah esp especially me especially me i was just going. to say should we do one. more sure give the people what they want. a model a mug shot big. fan of both of you uh quick. question today growing your hair. out you both have have longer hair i'm growing. it out from a buzz cut. i look better with hair. my wife thinks i look. better with hair okay um i'm just not patient. and i keep buzzing it off. because it's one of my quirks with dealing with. ocd hit s deeper. but uh yeah any advice. for growing it out thanks. i mean you look. good i only know you would like this. yeah he looks good but he's saying. he want then just [ __ ] wait it out. bro dude yeah you gotta just your wife. likes it better too. bro that's the thing when you get the urge. to cut it just remind yourself. but my wife likes it. better when my hair is here. and that's my wife and i want. her to like my hair. also he likes it better. he said right. but i'm saying if obviously his own. willpower is not allowing to. i'm saying let it be about her. uh put it about her. and maybe you'll have a little bit more. uh courage to wait it out. dude cuz cuz right. now you [ __ ] you're pussing out every time you go to. buzz your hair go back. and play this clip. don't be a [ __ ] little wussy. baby man okay okay right. don't be a [ __ ] little wussy. baby man just let your hair grow or every time. you go look in the mirror. in your eyes and say i'm a wuss. you know cuz that's wuss behavior. dude and i'm not for that. man yeah you're a little wussy. baby man you know what you know. what you're doing uh you you're keeping it. you're keeping it real dry. for your wife man. are you or are you. not a little wussy. baby man right. yeah it's honestly comes down to. it's it's simple as that. it's as simple as that. if you buzz your hair before. it gets long again. you're a little wy baby. man a little wussy. baby man and you need diapers yep. you need diapers and you need little toys that. are made out of whatever. material that you can bite so that you don't swallow it get one of those things. that you tie around. like this yep and yeah yeah yeah yeah p. get a pacifier because you are a little we'll see. [ __ ] baby yeah okay and and sit down on your bottom and with your legs out. and sometimes fall over. yeah yeah and don't use your hands. to stop your fall right. yeah yeah hit your head. and then cry hit. your chin and cry. and bite your lip have too. much blood come out because yeah and yeah [ __ ] and then also in your diaper. and then uh spit out. only milk yeah you're a baby. yeah you are a little wussy. baby man and these are the things. that you should be doing instead of sleep. in a crib yeah honestly. get a crib and you might have kids. if you have kids take them. out yep because they're older than you you get in the crib. and because now you are the baby. and that's who you are now. sweetheart hey um i'm cutting. my hair good night i'm getting. in the crib yeah yep. will you but will you put me in there. yeah and qu change me. yeah get me a changing. table just like like this. she you you put diaper. just because you you cut your hair. cuz you're a wuss you're a little wussy. baby so there you go. man don't don't be a little wussy. baby man and your hair will grow and everything. will be fine we believe in you. man yeah you can do. it all right uh uh so that's it. appreciate you my special. grow or die. is out now go to. chia dot com and check out. the special it's sunday. what else you going to. do dude watch it um go to. theprivate record dot com and submit. yourself as a guest for. my new podcast the private. record yeah and then other than that. i will be in baltimore. trenton philadelphia and reading pre love you bye. byebye broke it hello. hello hello hello hello hello hello 