 [music] hey everybody adam and eve. is still offering amazing. prices at adamandeve dot com. get 50 off plus free. shipping that is 50 off. an adventurous new toy a slippery. lube or almost anything. else you desire that's crazy. and our podcast listeners will get 50. off almost any item. just use code lifeline at checkout. and you'll get 50 off and guess what that's not all. why because free shipping. sometimes shipping costs an arm and a leg. not here not with adam. and eve crazy it doesn't matter. what you choose everything. will be packaged and sent discreetly for free. not only will you save. money on gas movies. and date night dinners out but this. is the item that will continue to. save you money deliver tons of fun. and satisfaction yeah so go. to adamandeve dot com. select any one item use code. lifeline that's lifeline this is an exclusive. offer specific to. this podcast so be sure to. support our show and use the code. lifeline to get you not. just the 50 off. but also the 100 free. shipping code lifeline go to. animeneve dot com right. now right now lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or a licensed professional. [music] hello hello [music] why are you hello. it like that that's a terrible. idea what that is a terrible. idea what well because i have to. do my show dates are we starting. okay we're started guys listen. first of all before we start. i'm gonna start by taking some pure spectrum. gummies and why are you. feeling bad no it's just i keep it. i keep taking the gummies. i keep doing the drop dropper. is that it no there's no thc it's awesome. and it keeps me. at a certain level that i love and if you want to. get 10 off see the show notes. for details under the youtube. video and you can click on that. link and then type in code. congrats you get 10 off all cbd products. it's great and uh yeah whatever we're in uh this. is live you want to. know about me i do yeah. but first i want to. say the tour has been going. great all right okay i was in dallas. and i was in wichita and i also am going. to savannah georgia and raleigh north. carolina and i can't wait to. do either of those because the van. is supposed to. be beautiful and raleigh is [ __ ] awesome. i've been there before and it's where kristen. is from ah yep. and calvin's coming and kristen's coming and i'll be doing raleigh so raleigh north carolina. but i also got denver and boston so go oh and i want to. tease striptease nope i want to. tease new york city and chicago coming up back to. back dude i'm going new york. in chicago i've been to. new york city okay well yeah you've been there a lot. i've lived there piano for years. i've lived there for years. pinot pino pino pinio pino pinio why are you doing. it new york big city. of dreams everything in new york. oh yeah yeah yeah snoop and dad's all big. over the city pinion pinion pinion pinion pino makes me think of penises. though okay well that's not what that. song is about i wonder what freud. would say about that. you know what i'm saying uh so i noticed snoop dogg. um did you say pino. pineal do you want to. know about me yes so what i've been doing uh. i've had my first day of sessions. giving advice advice to. you you go to. mattalia dot com you book. an appointment 20 or 40. minutes i had a full last day. my first day was a full ass. day gave some great. [ __ ] advice everyone advice that came to. me i appreciate you all. i love you all you're all very sweet. and cool and kind and thank you. probably not all of you thank you. thank you know all of them. probably not all of them. so far so good i will say that. probably one or two so get your appointment. now attend uh i'll tell you what we'll talk to. you soon what uh it's very uncomfortable. so much tower the last day. i sit really nice i sit straight. i've always sat straight okay but just so everyone knows he's like. half an inch taller. than me not eight inches taller. than me what is this. no dude i am uh i'm i'm i'm an inch. maybe taller than you. maybe maybe yeah but you you know. my my my podcast wow my is infinitely. better than yours is that it. is yeah but look how pimp and pimping. it is when i chill back. like this but i'm pimping. me too i don't think you are. you look uh nervous that's fine. but nobody is sits more paper. than i do and you know. that well see now you leaned. back into it like and you took me you took your page. from me in the book. i write on how to. sit and you're being more pimping. around to do it. wow dude i'm putting a drink this. on vacation dude that. one dad takes takes like a picture on vacation. it's like he's trying to. cram his arms yeah in as tight. as he possibly can. so if somebody was standing behind him. it would look like he had no arms he's a contortionist yes. dude he whenever he was on the gondola. and we were doing like this. and we were in italy. and he was doing it. like this he looked the way. that's taken a picture and i didn't realize it. when i realized that i laughed so hard. yeah i i do remember that. okay but also i sit very cool. and and you know that. dude a lot of people say. i sit like bon jovi. and a lot of people say. i sit with no respect but that's not. cool at all to. have no respect for something. let's let's all get this. straight i agree with it it. is not cool to. present as if you have no respect i i i think there's a difference between having no respect. and being comfortable within your own. body showing the respect you have for yourself. and sitting the way you want to. yes got out of that. one how about me. and barney though no no no. we were going to. talk about this what about barney. me and no i i think sitting the way you want i don't like when people are like dude. sometimes i like i have my foot up. i'm like at the bottom of a chair. dude all the time. oh so i don't sit erect then so i do sit chill. and chill in okay. fine okay so i got you but it's not. pimping pimping you sit chilling chilling you don't give a pimp so my point is i have the foot up and people will be like take your foot off and they don't even [ __ ] have anything to. do with where we are it's just like. i'm at a cafe and some customer is like dude. you shouldn't have your foot on. the thing and i'm like dude. customers yeah yeah it's happened. that's really the last time. it happened was a patient. at a doctor's office i was at the doctor's office. i had my foot up on the the seat. part of the seat on the wall. or in some [ __ ] like so when you say the seat part. of the seat what do you mean. the part you sit on that. part so that person didn't want the the bottom of your shoe. touching where his ass. might go her her ass of course her. an old lady she was like i don't think you should be having your foot on. the seat speaking of mean. old ladies dude i got into. an elevator and i was with someone. we were going down and it was a smaller. elevator there were two elevators one was bigger. one was smaller the small one came and these in this building. the elevators take a while okay. uh the old woman goes in because we obviously let her go because we have [ __ ] manners. yeah of course and then the two of us. get in the elevator too because we want to. get on the elevator of course yeah. okay so we both walk. on and she's making a big. production and then before the door. is closed yeah she goes. two oh and i said i was like i was like taking it. back i was like oh sorry. what and she says two and then before i could even realize what. she meant she just gets off. the elevator and then i saw and then i realized she meant. hit number two it only there only two people are allowed. on this elevator what because i decided that and as if i was supposed. to know that to her. she wanted only two of us. on the elevator uh you sure that's what she meant. how though because when we got when we got to. the lobby again there's a tiny. sign near the entrance that. says something about the small elevator can only only two people can write it. but also that was like from the beginning. of the pandemic is like a [ __ ] few weeks. ago yeah anyway two wow. dude that's horrible to. do that i don't like when people are like that. uh also i'll do it. if you ask nice if she says excuse. me of course dude are you kidding. me you're scared like of course i'll take the next course. so would i of course i'll kick you out. and make you take the next one. two oh i'm sorry. ma'am here why don't we i'll show. you out just pick her. up like this shh yep. why are the two elevators different. sizes what kind of weird fun. house were you in i don't know that's so high but there were two. elevators different sizes it was like a medical. building i think one was for service. big ass things oops. oops right i'll make it a joke. right you're asking yeah and then i'm making a joke. before me i'm asking and then immediately. while i'm answered you're toppling me. but that's because that's what humor. is i'm doing it with humor. that's not that's not what it. is and oops is like interrupt to. be like oh yeah by the way. today no i think you're doing. a joke you asked. me a question and immediately when i start. answering you start d toppling me what. oh this [ __ ] behind that behind the back. no andrew dice no all. right so um yeah don't go oops. if i'm doing a joke. dude do not do that. i didn't i said oops. oops yeah you're not gonna. so it was two of them. um i'll get we'll be honest. with you guys if i was watching this. podcast and this is the first time. i watched the podcast i turned off. and ever watch it again. no way dude i think the opposite. i would be like what is this. podcast i'd be like these guys are [ __ ] look at that guy's pink shirt. it's great i got white. shirts i [ __ ] don't know writing on it. send you know if you're lucky you'll be able. to see that who knows. who knows what might happen. the rest of this hour. yeah you could see my shorts. stay tuned worst stay tuned you might see my shorts. after these messages we'll be right. back dude hell yeah. all right so uh do you want to. get into it. or what it's already too. hot so i'm [ __ ] that's awesome. i'm not that i'm always talking about. hot right now there's been a heat. wave in los angeles 108. degrees the other day it was 108. degrees dude let me tell you something. i hate when you talk. about the weather and someone's like oh are we so boring. we talk about the weather. [ __ ] when it's 108. degrees yeah yeah you you weren't even digesting what i was saying at that point and i have an issue with it i wasn't no i didn't even hear you there we go yeah so no i was not only not digesting it i didn't even put in my mouth in my mouth digesting i'm using your metaphor i said it was 108 degrees as i was saying it was 108 degrees you were going and. then when i was done. talking you said it. was 108 degrees i. already said that part. so basically what you were not. we're doing is we're not listening. and then we're done being redundant. i i i listed it to. you and i knew what you're gonna. say and i took the deep breath in so i could hit it right. when you finished saying the word. degrees yes it's shitty it's not shitty it's good. [laughter] it's kind of like what. dad does actually yeah i know you know. what i mean i know. and we all we both. agree that we what we hate that. so okay yeah all right. um well that's how i kind of like it. though after years of hating. it's like tradition you know. what i'm saying well yeah okay. i get it all right. so look let's go i'm gonna uh you know. we're gonna i got crazy good. advices i don't know what the videos. are yet but let's do it. dude we'd like to. get a fresh take on it. let's go number one. hello chris and matt juliette and i'm 49. years old i'm cuban i live. in miami florida i've been a fan. of chris for many years and now i love the both. of you thank you i. have a question i get fired. from every job i have because when i'm about to. get my period i lose. my temper and that gets me in trouble. now a few people suggested. that i do a podcast. also only fans right now my question is 49. is it too late. no no we're only fans. she's beautiful okay wow what do. you guys think not too long. thank you that sounds delicious. but also even if she wasn't even. if she wasn't dude. it's not too late 49. is not dude there are men. who have specific fetishes for women. way older than that my whole. thing is oh you're acting like there's not lonely. souls that are your age. yeah but you're acting like there's not. lonely souls in this [ __ ] planet. of 8 billion people you. don't think [ __ ] 25 lonely. souls why are you. saying it like that we'll we'll [ __ ] sign up for your only fans. and give you 20 bucks. a month how many and that's yaper. dude how many i'm just saying you can find 20. lonely souls to just [ __ ] subscribe. to your only fans. but also podcasts way different than an only fan. just do you know. podcasts yeah showing your tatas i mean. way easier if you want to. do a podcast do it. but you're gonna make if you're talking about jobs. and lifestyle and living wage of cost. of living [ __ ] yeah the only fans is the way to. go okay yeah do the podcast. as well and pump up the podcast on your only fans push people while you're naked one feeds the other pushing push them towards the podcast you get more viewers more listeners yeah also anyone who sounds like this that's from the south of miami absolutely pops off at the mouth and gets fired so that i mean you know like that there's no way dude she's like a like a classic like firecracker thing yeah yeah i mean you could see her being like well that's actually not how you're going to. talk to me right. right right i'm out of here. and walks away with blood blood like dripping down her leg. i know but not her. [ __ ] it's not gross. it's graphic and crafts so beautiful. and one thing about me. is that i'm not crass so then beautiful. red light would not. blood what how would i make it. it happens it's natural so. how would i say it. to make it not crash. you wouldn't say it that's how it would work. best so we're denying. it so again you're sexist. oh yes gotta do that. one it's beautiful and it's natural. some women rub it on their faces. but i'm not saying she's also not from the south. of florida she's from cuba. obviously that's why i'm saying i was trying. to not be racist. about the whole popping. up at the mouth you were racist. anyway okay but cubans go like this. you actually not gonna talk to. me like that yeah yeah yeah you know. what i mean and uh [ __ ] rule let's get started they rule. yeah oh they rule okay. but they also you know they pop. up they're fiery they're passionate. people exactly everything good and also bad. like they'd be like wow. this food is so amazing. i can't believe it. what i'm tasting right. now this is unbelievable. i love this food. it's so good and you're like all. right yeah it's very good just relax. but i can't stop thinking about that. and then when someone falls off. the plate they're all you [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] flip the plate. over [ __ ] all this place never coming again. wow i'm saying passion on everything. right i [ __ ] up when i was doing both. extremes yeah and um and so uh yeah so you could start at only fans. it depends you need to. figure out what kind of only fans. you want to. do right you want to. show your your your your boobs. or your feet right. totally different stories you get more. money for your boobs obviously. right because of what i know. how many people lonely. souls yeah i know what. is that i don't know. dude i do not understand. the foot fetish thing so many of you have that [ __ ] dude and i'll tell you what i don't understand. it and i'll tell you what i've tried. what do you mean. i've sat there and looked at feet. and been like let's try. and work this out you know. work this out because it would be nice to. have a [ __ ] kinks are nice you got a kink. that's an extra thing. in your life there's certainly nothing. wrong with them but to. try to have a kink. is not going to. work kinks the whole thing. about a kink. is that it's like ah i can't. help it it's like i love [ __ ] you know uh belly. buttons or whatever the [ __ ] you know i don't do like belly. buttons but yeah okay um but yes you can start. start with the podcast. try a podcast it might be okay. you keep getting fired become your own. boss that's what that's what that's what she's. getting she's getting it become your own. boss you don't even realize you may. be getting at that become your own. boss start a business you can. do it get you know. you can sell stuff on. [ __ ] whatever it is which is what she's already volunteering. she might want to. do the answer is all signs. [ __ ] go do the only fantasy yes do the podcast yes but what i'm saying is she might not be realizing that the true thing she wants is just to. be her own boss she might not. want to start a podcast. so i'm just saying think about that. for a little bit and those are my advices. but if the question is simply. am i too old. to do only fans. no absolutely not even at all. and you know why lonely. soldiers okay right also age. not only does it not matter. in this context or really. many contexts unless it's like athletics. there are specifically men and maybe even women. out there too who have specific kinks or fetishes. for older women even 49. is not even that old. no it's not old no. but yeah like there's porn sites out. there that are like 42. years old either women like 70. year old women you know. yeah i know yeah and they make money. dude yeah they're driving around. in [ __ ] night you know the nice version of a [ __ ] whatever the nicest version is of like a buick a lower end car yeah oh oh i thought you meant like an older well they're not driving [ __ ] uteruses around town you know what i mean they're not making that much money they're not driving through the [ __ ] town what is it with the tits flopping around okay so when i talk natural you get disgusted. when i talk natural when when i talk beauty you know. what an older woman. has okay so their boobs are perky. what do you want me. to do a lot oh you said. tits flapping around below the belt. oh they see well that's yeah you could and it's gross. but no i didn't say. that and aegis you're putting words. in my mouth uh anyway uh not even. close to too old no. congrats no way congrats on that yeah you did it cool. and also she looks fantastic. for 49. yeah that's great so good. job good job on that. keep going do do keep doing. what you're doing next what's good. matt and chris chris matt um calling in a day. because i need some advice on living. single ah live and what singing. i'm i'm at the point. in my life now where i'm starting. to realize like maybe i'm the problem. you know it's a deeper. yeah but been there for sure. like i'm just tired of the cycle. that i have with dating. women like getting to. know him and i've i've pretty much. ruined every relationship i could. i could have had or had and i'm at the point. where i'm just tired of it. you know like i'd much rather. be by myself if i can't wake up still get lonely. so i'm trying to. [music] i want to. see like do you guys think it's possible. to get to a point. where you're so in tune. and just got it together. so well with yourself where to. the point where you no. longer lust after romantic relationships. or even care about them. anymore like oh wow you guys think it's possible. to get to that point. being single and if you do how do you go about. doing that god damn i mean. love some feedback from you guys appreciate the pod. keep killing it love. y'all both thank you bro. thanks for asking to. be clear could you be in a a point. where you're you're not you're so comfortable. lusting after got it oh man. this is me look this. is my this is me wishing. i was in your boat. that's me in another boat. just ah wishing you could be like that. [ __ ] yeah dude okay well here's his happy. with nothing is it okay. to be that way. absolutely 100 can you live a life. like that absolutely 100 however. we are social animals. and we do at certain points. sometimes for some people all the time. for other people probably like you and frankly. also like me it's it's like less. you want or need that. less than maybe most people so you can go long periods about. being single maybe go on a date. here and there but or or maybe even not who knows. what this guy's talking about. but i think that it's absolutely. possible if that's how you want to. live your life but what i would absolutely. say i can't emphasize this. enough do not rule out. a potential relationship because you're so what you have. a word you might call. dedicated to being alone. and single that to. me when you go over. the line it crosses. the line when you're like no i am absolutely. always going to. be single and i decided that and i will never have a partner. that is exhausted into. a new target about. it that is but it's unhealthy. it's unhealthy dude it's not. being real with yourself sometimes. we do want a relationship. and we need to. remain open to it even if you actually. really would rather be single which i totally do get go. ahead you could that by the way. i've never been so sure that somebody has woken. up an hour and a half. before the video you know. like i could tell by this. face i don't know with his it's on the back. end of being puffy. from waking up you can tell okay. also he couldn't look more like he's from 1995. and it's all good but that is a 1995. face and that is amazing. interesting he couldn't look. like if i met him in 1995. i wouldn't think of anything different. i'd just be like hey dude. that's a guy you know. what i mean okay. and now what do you think now. i go oh what's he doing. now right he took a time. machine yeah yeah yeah okay so um that guy is uh fine. i mean how old i never can tell honestly. i can't tell how all black people are i have no. idea dude i can't. tell hold anyone white. people i can do and that's pretty. much it hell dude. i don't know how old anyone is. while you're looking at my hair. so much i i wasn't okay. but but but but black people are like either so 25. for so long or just have been 60. forever like morgan freeman so that guy is 30. or he looked young. i mean he could again. i'm bad at guessing every one. person everyone's age in the [ __ ] world i would guess that guy is like early 30s. yeah okay but it could be in his late. 20s for sure yeah i know. 100 um i i think. that just careful how selfish. you are you know uh make sure you're doing. it because you feel comfortable. and not necessarily a little selfish. do it so because you feel comfortable. not because you don't want anyone. else not because you don't want. love [ __ ] your life up. right like you don't want to. be [ __ ] matt damon and uh uh the movie good hunting. right sorry i'm [ __ ] allergic to. i didn't want you to. sneeze just now uh that's okay oh that's crazy. and um didn't want that at all. okay though dude wow and uh yeah dude. i i feel like uh you can be open. to it without being like nah. [ __ ] that you know yeah i mean you can really get into. this zone where this is why. i said it was unhealthy. you can get into. the zone where you're talking. to yourself all day. about it and convincing yourself that you'd like it. more being single when really you're just afraid to. get in another one and [ __ ] it up and feel that yeah the pain of that don't be afraid of that but also you're clearly aware. that you're the as you put it in the beginning. of the video you might be the problem. that is an amazing. step on the way to. actual happiness within with a partner. yeah so if you do get back out. there keep that in mind. and and if things come up. that remind you of things. in the past how maybe you would have. handled something before yeah. think about how to. handle it in a different. way how you might handle it. in a way that isn't going. to ruin the relationship. i mean you definitely uh there's going to. be people out there. that you do date. and want to. date try some new version. of yourself that is comfortable. for you hello [laughter] how are you uh well would you like to. eat i always pick yeah you just be british. um but yeah i think uh it's okay. to be alone and single but you can go. over a line you got to. be careful with yourself. yeah keep an eye. on yourself so to. speak at 49 he's gonna be like should i start. a podcast and only fans. all right let's do it. next hi guys uh i'm from france. so i'm sorry for the mistakes. cool i need your advice on my situation. but it turns out that a few weeks ago. you already gave advice to. a guy who was in the exact. same situation as i am right. right now i am still. a virgin at 25. uh the advice. you gave uh the guy a few. weeks ago was to. be more social and to. get on dating apps. i am already on dating. apps i've been for 10. years but it's difficult. to make meaningful connection. on there then to. be more social okay. but i have social anxiety. okay i'm dealing with it. i'm in therapy every everything. is working out great. still i don't go out. much i like to. be at home i don't drink. i don't like parties so yeah. now here's my problem uh i don't know. how to act around. men they make me. uncomfortable once if i like them i'm gonna be uncomfortable i don't know how to. act so when they try to. flirt with me i go. away you know i'm scared because i know that i have to. tell them that i'm a virgin. and i am scared. of their reactions so i'd rather. just bye and then if i have to. explain it there's gonna be questions. like why are your virgin. how why what's the catch with you. nothing okay i'm just anxious. you have to. live with with that like you're a virgin. and maybe you won't find someone. who will understand accept. you and take the time. to teach you everything. there is to. know most people are impatient they want. to sleep with me before. get getting to know me. yeah so what's your advice. what's your thoughts there's a few things going. on there to. be social and to. get on dating why. does everyone why do you bye. why do you need to. tell them beforehand this is your [ __ ] you you're on the show. you run the show yeah yeah i think she would want to. i think that's fair to. want to say that someone before. you have sex with him. i think you're a virgin. i mean i i totally get that. but i would say though. there's a few things to. that but one of them. i want to. get out of the way. and this is something. i've come across a lot. because i actually feel the opposite. but so many men that i know. would love specifically to. meet a virgin. and start a relationship with a virgin. i feel the opposite yeah oh right. because they get jealous. of the past and stuff like they'll. be like oh yeah but also fetishes. it's like a men fetishize. this idea of like someone new to. sex they get to. be their first person it's like that's as old as i mean. i talk about you know. they do that in the tutors all. the time like they were like well i won't marry. her if she's been deflowered you know. what i mean right. the tutorials it's a very oldfashioned. it's okay my opinion. oops about the tutors all the time. but it's not it's well i'm done. with it okay good thing i finished. it and it was not that. good at the end got worse. i know it was very boring. the end got very boring. okay season one was bad. season two was okay three was fine. and was bad and no one cared. about any of it. but they were like well they were like you know they always want they could they he [ __ ] beheaded a woman. because he thought that she slept. with someone before whoa. that he was you know. so he was pissed. she was like you and and and she didn't even she just he he thought. that and he believed fully. accused yeah so that's i'm just saying is a bummer. right and you're living in a time. now where that doesn't happen. you run the show dude. you let yourself um because here's the thing. you're 25 it gets to. a point where you now. it's like you want to. do it but it's like this. thing you know what i'm saying. and you're already kind of there. so i'm not saying do it. to get it over with but yeah you might be looking. for that perfect first time that. doesn't exist that does. not yeah i can vouch for that. it just doesn't exist. yeah right yeah um i knew a very i knew. a very beautiful woman. who was a virgin. into her early 30s. and uh she just kind of like this. woman was saying she had she just never met. a guy that she felt comfortable. doing with it and and then as you said at a certain point. it became this big thing. that was like she was too. hyper aware of it that it would like get in the way of her starting new relationships but i think telling a guy is going to. be fine a lot. of guys are going to. like that so that get that. out of the way put that out of your mind second. of all them asking you why. why why just say exactly. what you said to. us because i'm socially awkward. and i never had a relationship. where i felt comfortable doing. that that is totally fine. and normal nothing wrong. with that nothing wrong. with that nobody would think there's something. wrong with that uh but the social anxiety. thing what i would say. about when men flirt. with you and you get skittish and go away. even if you like them if you like them. and they're flirting with you practice. one thing and that is keeping your feet. where they are don't i was gonna slide. away don't skittle away because it's easier. just stay there and if you get uncomfortable. it's okay because i promise. the guy there is attracted to. you and wants you to. stay there too yeah sometimes. it's easier to. uh control your body than it. is to control your. mind oh for sure just keep your feet. where they are keep it. simple keep your feet. when i first started doing stand. up i was like how am i going. to get on that stage and i literally thought if i just move my feet. forward step by step. to the stage i'll be on the stage. and then i'll have to. start talking and i did that i didn't think. about it i was just like one step. two step come on keep going. keep going i got on stage. is that true yeah whoa. yeah tell that story that's [ __ ] weird. huh yeah that you said. that and i i've thought that for years. yeah it's funny it's kind of like a copy of me. but yeah no you do the step. i'm talking about counting the steps. you did that oh weird. yep i was like come on keep going. dude you got this okay yeah keep your feet. firm i mean if not like always when a guy's hitting on. you if you don't like him. get the [ __ ] out of there matt. said [laughter] uh but yeah long term. you're not gonna have a [ __ ] problem you're like a sweet. funny personable young woman. also 25 really is not that it's not that. old yeah all right next oh my god what's up. matt and chris you guys get a lot. of advice questions about dating coworkers. and i just want to. get my input on. that since seven years. ago i asked a coworker. to go on a date. with me and i think it's definitely okay. to date coworkers as long as you read the situation. and uh you never know. where it might be too so it led to. him never wearing a shirt. uh don't be creepy to. me not being able to. hang out he seems to. be into you why. not ask her out and uh just save the universe. but uh say hi. to nala and thanks for the show. i saved the universe high not. what i would say to. you i'll hang your pictures. up first of all 2015 ain't. 2022 buddy what does that mean. it means it was a lot. easier oh yeah yeah yeah yeah but obviously that's what i meant. and the fact that you asked. me what i meant pisses me. i didn't know that he met. her in 2015. but he said seven. years ago okay well so i don't do the math. and i didn't know what he meant. before you asked what i meant. i assumed what you meant. i wanted to make sure dude. it's always good to. make sure and i don't like doing i don't like that. it is different i don't think it's wrong. i just think you got to. be a lot more careful. now to do it. exactly because you know. people will be like hey fire. this guy yeah you can't. willynilly do it you can't. be a [ __ ] even remotely like a creep. you just got to. be way way way more careful. and smarter uh and not be like if you only do it. this is the ultimate advice. and i think i even said this. at the time only do it. if you really feel there is an actual connection. and it could turn into. a real relationship crazy though what guys are crazy. though so are women what do you mean. what is that yeah because they'll be like oh this. is a [ __ ] this this means something and they're like she's like who's that guy that's not it's not about already. believing you have a special i'm saying if you only do it only go to. that far if you believe so far. as to ask someone. to go out with you at work. if you believe there's a potential longterm relationship that's all i'm saying all right. uh yeah yeah you're not just trying. to [ __ ] you're saying i mean no i would say it's a little bit more specific than that it's not just trying to. rank not just it's not just it's not not just trying to. run it's like you're you're you're foreseeing more than just like like there's somebody you really really like this. is not just some willynilly girl. you think is pretty you but my point. is how many friends. do you have that are like oh man. she's awesome i could see a real. connection and you're like okay. bro but that's not the best. you can't make these guys unplug. their radars like they still have to. trust something i guess yeah try. to avoid it at. all costs but also it would be hilarious. if she went to. his work now and was like he [ __ ] hit on me. mmhmm and he'd be like you have two kids. yeah she's like it doesn't matter. maybe uncomfortable you should fire. him yeah they would fire. him that's how twisted. now is well people would be so confused. though but that's how twisted now. is in 2015 they would be like the [ __ ] out. of you you have two kids. now there would be like a [ __ ] oped written. about you you know. what i mean interesting. interesting interesting interesting and now a word. from our sponsor better. okay uh betterhelp dot com. is great um there is often a mindset. that i'm not in because i get stressed. out you know i'm focused. on my problems instead of solutions. and you know these situations. they might go better. with different mindsets and it can be tough on. your brain to stay. in problemsolving mode especially when faced with these challenges. and the because they're very stressful. right uh but when you learn. how to find your own. solutions there's no better feeling. and that can be done. here with betterhelp dot com. a therapist can help. you become a better problem. solver making it easier to. accomplish your goals no matter. how big or so small. so if you're thinking of giving therapy a try better. help is a great. option okay and why it's super convenient. it's accessible it's affordable and entirely. online comforting your own home yeah hard. to find a therapist out. in the world wait lists. and you got to. make appointments deep in the future. here on betterhelp dot com. you get matched with a therapist. after filling out just a brief survey. and then you can switch therapists literally. at any time yeah for any reason. so look uh therapy saved my life. and it saved many people's lives. i can't express the importance of it. enough uh so listen. when you want to. be a better problem. solver therapy can get you there. visit betterhelp dot com. lifeline today to. get your 10 off your first month. that's betterhelp dot com lifeline. hey guys so my husband's band is going. to be recording in los. angeles for 10 days. in december so i'm going. to be tagging along. and bringing our fivemonthold baby. so i am asking what can i do. for 10 days in los angeles. with a 5 month old baby. chris is there anywhere you like to. take calvin um i really hope you guys. answer this because the google. searches are [ __ ] so please please let me know i really need things to. do for those 10 days thanks. guys i think there's this question. there's a lot of cool. parks i know that like google. might not show you like they'll. show you where the parks are but like it's so cool. because the weather's nice i don't know where you live. but the weather will be like breezy. and crisp maybe it might be a little too. cold in december when did she say. he's coming december oh december. um and if he's five months. now he'll be seven months. uh there's other cool. places like um i don't know what you have. or where you're from but like there's the tar. pits is awesome carpets is amazing. i went to. the tar pits and calvin [ __ ] loved it there's a video out there that i did bringing calvin. to the surprising calvin it's called. on my youtube um and uh that's cool. but my son loves dinosaurs. she said it was a son. i don't remember what she said. oh no i think so um but uh yeah. uh and there's like also the museum. of torture or museum of. pain oh that's not good. yeah go that yourself leave the kid. home yeah yeah yeah um but also it's just 10. days so do tar. pit um what else what's your favorite. part to take calvin there's one. on well i don't want to. [ __ ] yeah yeah people show up right right um yeah i don't know i don't know i mean there's the la zoo yeah for sure but i was so bad with zoos whatever yeah i know i'm just saying he's seven months old it exists it's there oh what about the uh gene autry museum with. all the western stuff i mean. seven months it's so good. it's so young yeah yeah you know. what it doesn't matter. what you do with a seven. yeah exactly yeah you know. it really doesn't it's for you. do the stuff you want. 100 yeah because the seven. months first of all they're not gonna. remember anything yep okay second of all they're not even. gonna know what they're looking. at yeah with bright. colors dude yep go see you know. get a dvd of rio. and just [ __ ] watch it in the hotel. yeah it's like it's just not. yeah i think that you know. i don't think it matters. i [ __ ] was even now my son's two and a half. and he's just like today his whole. thing was taking a a squeaky dog toy that's a lion. and bopping a [ __ ] oh i love that though that game bopping. a [ __ ] trex and i'm laughing. like hell i love. bopping a [ __ ] trex so uh so yeah he also came down this morning and said smiles like [ __ ] poop are you [ __ ] serious yes and we were like right did you hear about what he said that's [ __ ] crazy oh yeah yeah yeah but that was that the first time you said it that's the first time you said crazy it [ __ ] yeah and so now what he just says it all the time crazy it was really [ __ ] poop what that's what that's what that's what the nanny said what do you do i say smells like poop and then he says smells like poop he says no no it smells like [ __ ] poop yeah how does he know what i don't know what we say it enough he's just he probably thinks of it just as it's a word for emphasis oops you jinxed me i didn't i didn't do anything except say the word said the same word while i was saying it as if we were going to. do a duet i didn't say. jinx you said emphasis. when i said that's an emphasis. um so yeah so i think just do what you want. to do dude. yeah don't go first of all. google is terrible you don't seven. months though they don't know anything. dude just keep them at the hip. and go to. cvs all right hey chris hey matt. thanks for doing this. podcast it's something to. look forward to every single week. that's chris it's a gift. to have you back. so welcome back thanks. for the laughs so recently had a situation. where i found out that. my cousin got married. and nobody called me texted me. invited me to. the wedding that's hilarious. i've been told it's a small. wedding but that's not really what i want. to hear growing up. as an only child these were my brothers. and sisters all involved. in that side of the family. and it's kind of hurtful to. not be considered to. attend that wedding caveat i live in tampa florida they live in providence. rhode island for some reason. and i always make the trip up. for family event funeral wedding. you name it and i would have been there. so do i say something. or do i let it go. big believer letting it go. but i also think that i can have a conversation. with them that wouldn't be confrontational. so curious to hear your thoughts. on that situation thank you. guys both chris see you. in lakeland [ __ ] yeah lakeland we'll be there for some reason. um let me say something. you have a good thing. to say but go ahead. and then i'll it's not even about. the advice okay when he's when his face came up. uhhuh i was like this. guy's a horrible [ __ ] is gonna be so hardassed oh really he opened his mouth and that he's like the sweetest oh [ __ ] most respectful guy yeah not even trying to. [ __ ] oneup you but i knew he was going to. be sweet i love him. i love him okay. okay i want to. marry him okay well and we're going to. get married and not invite you. can't do that in florida. he's not going to invite. his cousin uh that's funny. good job i'm doing that. i didn't think of it. but um it's fine. i should have thought of it. but uh i think the thing is if you should maybe bring it. up if you feel like you're close. to them and you should have been invited. bring it up but here's how you i think you bring it. up dude uhoh no no. this is actually good i think i'm giving good advices. right now we'll see you say listen. i know you didn't invite me. to the wedding that's your deal. you decide that understood i want to. know if there's something that i'm not privy. to or lacking in in this. relationship that warrants me not. being invited because i feel like i would have invited. you to mine and i just wonder. where your head's at. do you know what i mean. i don't like that i want. you to digest it. after the podcast you're going. to love it so you saying. you don't like it is. actually not the case and it's a little more. therapist i think that puts you in a precarious. position with that person because that. person can can start to. get uh [music] defensive. because they feel like you're putting a guilt trip on them. no no but i don't think okay. so that's why i say this. i don't think this guy. would make it seem guilt trippy maybe maybe that's why. i say it to. this guy okay fair. enough but what i would suggest. is just saying plain and simple. why are you doing that. he's [ __ ] flexing uh i i think you'll feel the moment. i think that you should just plain especially as you said. this it wouldn't be awkward. it would be fine. like he thinks he could bring it. up with them i think you just plainly. say hey i don't want to. make this weird at all but i think about it. sometimes and i just wanted to. ask you so i don't have to. think about it anymore. can you just tell me. why you didn't invite me. to the wedding it'll be fine. no matter what i just i really would love to. know yes and do that is good do. that literally fly to. the wedding to. do that and ask him. that in a suit already oh wait. the wedding didn't already happen. no no and go do it. and do it with tears. in your eyes well yeah. for sure if the wedding didn't happen. then definitely do that you're not invited. get on your knees. and you're not yeah i just need to. know crying do you ever. think about sometimes what if these people call. in and they're just a an absolute lunatic. and the people they're talking about they don't even exist. no i thought of that. but i do think about it. if they're like they're waiting to. get our advice and the minute. they see it aired they just do. it like right away you know. oh yeah oh do our advice. yeah yeah oh that's hilarious. no i i think they probably don't take our. advice anyway yeah no me. too but they should yeah. they should take my advice. for sure yeah i'm mine. my mind sometimes like thirty percent. you 100 okay 100 okay. what's up hi matt and chris. really love your show so here's my dilemma. recently i convinced my boyfriend. to stop drinking because he's had a longterm problem with alcohol. and he's been doing really great. hasn't been drinking for months. but i still work parttime at a bar. and i have late nights. that i work sometimes. i'll stay out i'll drink with some buddies. and i know that he resents. me that i get to. drink and he doesn't so i'm trying. to decide should i stay in the job. this year and get the paycheck and hang out. with my friends or should i quit. my job for the winter and stop drinking. in solidarity with my boyfriend. would love some advice. thank you that's really sweet. that you're even thinking of that. um it is very it is. very honorable to. do that um at the end. of the day you know. since you're dealing with addiction. this all has to. do with him being able. to do this i think in the beginning. it's it's you know it's if he's not going. to a facility and if he's trying. to do you know. quit drinking i don't know if he's an addict or not but if he's trying. to not drink and you say he's doing a good job. then he might be able. to handle it um but i think just keep it. in mind like i think that eventually. he has to stay. clean because he wants to. not because of anything that you're doing. um you guys obviously are not. in a toxic relationship if he's the one. with the drinking problem you're not you don't. have to do anything. like that but i do understand. her yeah you know. it's like yeah i do i do understand. that and that is very very honorable. and if you do feel like you can do it. and you feel like it would be a thing. that you would bring you guys. closer then maybe you do do. it you know if you're not hurting. for money and you don't need to. have that job then then you know but also real life. is real life and if you do need money. and that's the job you have then he has to. understand that and you know that's what i was to. say i mean it's a job. it's a job we're talking about it's not a certain kind of social. right right this is like this. is how you make a living yeah. i'm assuming and so for him. to resent you for having a certain job. so to make money. to support you or the both. of you or whatever. i think that would be sort of out. of line for him to. resent you for that yeah. uh i also think that i mean. maybe i don't know because i've never worked. at a bar but is it. possible to not drink. yeah you could not drink. and then uh i mean they did it. in cheers you could not drink. but uh and then just go home and not that's what i mean. like yeah that means much. harder obviously but i know. but i mean what i'm saying. is i'm going to. a gym and not [ __ ] destroying reps i don't think that i don't think the thing is there i'm gonna [ __ ] rep it. out either quit or continue to. work and drink i don't think those are the only two options. i think you have another option. is don't quit and stop drinking. and i think if you're worried about him. that would mean the most to. him if you sacrifice drinking. even though that whatever you want. to call it temptation or allure. is there and you're denying. it for the sake of solidarity. that would absolutely mean the most to. him no if that's not even. an option then i think you shouldn't yeah. probably shouldn't actually quit your job. no yeah unless again you do. have the complete financial stability you don't need that. job right uh but yeah i don't think that. him resenting you for keeping your job. and behaving the way. you've always behaved at that. job when you don't have a drinking. problem like he does ostensibly. i'm assuming uh then i think that's a bit. much for him to resent you for. that and if he does he should bring that. up with you and then you guys work. it out so i i no i don't think you. should quit could you imagine me. going into [ __ ] iron. paradise and not pressing it out uh iron paradise. is jim yeah and pressing it out. is bench pressing yeah or other presses yeah. yeah i can imagine that. it wouldn't happen oh what i'm saying. you're asking me if i can imagine it. i say yes if we're in a relationship. me and you okay you can't go to. the gym for [ __ ] three weeks. because for three months because you got a surgery. yeah okay could you imagine me. being like okay and then driving by every day. to work i go by. the iron paradise and not. stopping in and just pressing it out. for 20 minutes i can completely. imagine that you can imagine me. not going 100 even. bodyweight stuff anything that would never happen. so my point is in solidarity with you. i might be like i'm not going to. go to the gym. but i also might be like i'm not going to. the gym and still drive. by crunch a few days and just rep it out. really quickly and not tell you about it. but you won't be able. to tell because i don't stink. of anything using alcohol you stink. of alcohol that would be dishonorable though. what you did it. would be but also i'm helping your addiction. on your addiction. that's true you'll be lying. for a good cause and you'd also also be like what's up. with the traps dude. i noticed that then uh exactly. you get caught you go. like this i thought we were in this. i know we were in this. together but it's like your shoulders. go on for a week no so what's the deal. no no are you i'm gonna ask you point. blake are you are you. driving by crunch stopping him for 20. minutes and pressing it out. [laughter] so dumb you know. what are you all. sweaty with the tank top. on one of those low. ones where you can see. my nipples and i'm just like nipples. no with a gym. bag [laughter] [music] all. right all right cool what's up. matt and chris appreciate what you guys. do um chris definitely been down. for a long time matt. i love the podcast. that used to. have so quick question i'm the youngest. 41 year old that you guys know there you go. but i still have a huge sneaker. habit whoa you know. whoa oh nice and my question. for you guys is the grateful. dead 41 year olds should i still have a big. sneaker habit should i sell these away. and use them for things. towards the house other adult type things. i love them though i'm a huge sneaker. guy chris i know you're a sneaker guy. matt i'm not so sure but kind of cares. what you guys think so uh oops. hey dude so disrespectful you think disgusting. uh hey dude you think the offwhite futura calaba you think you're good. you're good now offwhite for turkey watch out. with the drink dude just a tempting face. so hard my point. is and i don't even. wear black with light shoes. so you gotta why not because i don't like the way. it looks but you're doing. it right now i had to. wear them you okay i could have wore. a light stop throwing your shoe. on that i wore a light. shirt last time i didn't want. to wear a light shirt. this time so but i wanted to. wear these i can see that. so i just go like this. nope oh uh in a sitcom. you think a sitcom about. shoes [music] so dude but uh bro does it spark joy. you watch merry condo does it. spark joy if it sparks. joy keep them you got those grateful. deads those are beautiful. dude i wish i had the ones he was showing yeah. nice and so does it. spark joy also here's the other thing. that i always wonder about shoe. shoe guys and and cause i'm 42. and people are like why do you wear the heat. you know what i mean. like why do you [ __ ] wear the heat. bro put on some loafers or whatever. the [ __ ] 42 year olds wear no one says why you were in the heat. but why they do they go. oh you got that you oh it's what. are you walking on coals. they go like does it. hurt right yeah how about them. blisters buddy i know what you're saying. dude no one says it but the whole thing. is you don't get money. until you're older and when and heat is expensive. okay you can't afford those grateful. deads when you're 23. okay. you can afford them now. too how much when he held up. the show how much are they that. shoe yeah i mean at least. 600 bucks i think let me see they might be they might be i don't know what they are now that's a lot of money yeah i don't care about you about shoes so i but i but i still agree with chris if you love it i mean unless you're hurting for money which is possible but if you love it keep the collection and don't sell them if you're hurting for money obviously [ __ ] sell them because they're shoes so size seven is nine hundred dollars whoa size ten is which is the most common is 960 bucks my size which they make one of per shipment which is 13 because i got a [ __ ] you know i'm in charge when it comes to. the downstairs area okay um 1890 what. yeah so size 13. and that's a [ __ ] large like two [ __ ] g notes i mean what we're talking about from my belly. button to my knees it's cramped. three legs it's cramped you did. a third shoe so. it's like 2700 total mmhmm. yeah uh wow that's so expensive. yeah sometimes i there was one. time where i i'm not trying. to brag but like my [ __ ] gets so crowded down. there that one time sounds like a bragga's. club no it's not a brag. but one guy there was a guy. i was just sitting on a on. a [ __ ] i was waiting i was waiting on a plane. and i was i was waiting on a plate. i was in the [ __ ] terminal. and i was waiting delayed and dude. this guy next to. me kept putting a [ __ ] camera on my head and i'm like what are you doing dude i finally the first time i was like get out you know what the [ __ ] you know and i just can't be i must be crazy why would i be putting a camera on my head that's a great question yeah and and he finally kept putting the camera on my head and i go hey buddy what are you doing and he goes whoa he got scared and i was like shocked he was so scared he said i'm sorry i thought you were a tripod and i said oh yeah you know so he was like i get it you're crowded downstairs and i go and i was like oh so you didn't even know i was human that's why i got scared when i started talking he said yes at the same time it was at the same time he said because tripods don't talk oh okay i don't believe you that that happened guys try to. put cameras in my head. all the [ __ ] time just twisting it twisting it. on top of it what's up. trying to twist you around. it was running that is so stupid. wow [laughter] wow if a guy picks me up. they instantly think that guy's a cameraman. okay well no one ever picks you. up because what the [ __ ] no one else gets you up. no one ever picks up. an adult male human. um but yeah okay what did. he ask again oh yeah. i don't even know who the person. was i got so lost uh the shoes. the shoes oh yeah yeah you don't unless you need money. don't sell them you love. the shoes you love the shoes. keep them make you happy. this life sucks wow find the things. that make you happy and hold. on to them. do your time [ __ ] you're talking about this. lifestyle people think i'm a [ __ ] tripod no yeah yeah that's true. anyway all right next one hey matt. hey chris huge fan of the podcast. you guys literally keep me. sane while i'm at work so thank you. chris my baby for life so it's my husband um my question. for you guys is about relationships. slash marriage sex um my husband. and i have been together. for almost nine years got married. young had kids young in back to. back so our kids are three and a half. and two and a half we're slowly. seeing some more independence and freedom. come back that we used to. have but the number one. thing that has changed is our. sex life so straight up my husband. would like to have sex. every single day and for me. that's just not realistic so i guess. my question to you is how do i meet him. in the middle how much is too much. how little is too. little you know we're trying to. figure this out and obviously i want. to keep him happy at the same. time so it's just been the number. one thing that we are bumping. really we have completely different. views on it wow so. any advice would be great. wow that's the number one. thing huh first of all. every day it all sounds real. normal sometimes it's the woman. who wants more sex sometimes. it's the man everything's normal. once a day is not i wouldn't. call it abnormal but not compromising. yeah true it's like the guy needs. to your husband needs. a [ __ ] compliment so i want to. be on the dude's team. because you know but it's just i can't. i want someone i gotta be more of a person. here seven times a week. yeah 365 times a year. come on it needs. to be more i think it. should be three four times a day. no i um you need to. do it a thousand five hundred times. a year let's talk about once. a week okay let's start. there well start there i said what do you mean. start there once a week. or her her started well they're coming. out once a week together it's like [ __ ] sex shark tanks he has sex five times a week she has sex twice a week they're a couple they all have sex the same amount of time yeah no no but i'm saying for her to. be like i'll give you once. a week that's what you're saying. her you got to. come to the table. a little bit on the [ __ ] but my question. for her is how much does. she want to have sex she left. it out yeah i bet. she's like i just i'm not you. know i bet that that's the deal. so she's gonna meet him. a little bit that's what i'm saying. also but here's the other thing. dude if you're anything like me. dude if the guy's anything like me. i don't want to. have sex with somebody that doesn't want to. that's what i that's what i. never understood about [ __ ] this kind of [ __ ] it's like you know you hear stories like this. and it's just like but but here's the thing. i get it if he's like but but it's not it's he wants. to have sex once a [ __ ] day but but it's different. but when it's like what happened. to our passion like that let i need to. you to try to. rediscover that that's much much. more valid but to. be like i don't care that. you don't want to. have sex with me i want it. once a day that's like that's like [ __ ] 19. well we don't know what. is what he's saying but she said. it what do you mean. no no she's saying if it were up. to my husband he would like to. have it once a day. it's not necessarily like he's henry. the eighth i watch the tutors and when they [ __ ] he would be like this is what we're doing and you have to. abide by that okay but um yeah dude. i don't know i mean. also there's other thing foreplay is every tell this. guy this foreplay is everything. you do before sex not. just in the bedroom it's everything. you said that before. it's buying flowers it's doing other things. it's it's setting your uh alarm for when you wake up. it's well no but turning on the hot. part uh the hot faucet so it's the water's. lukewarm when it comes out. of the sink it's not necessarily that. i'm just saying it could be everything. you do up until you have sex. in you got to. make your partner the focus. of more i bet who is this. who's this for is it. for her no for him i'm saying. i bet i bet there's a thing here. where if he were to. focus on you more not just sexually but in a romantic. way you would um want to. have sex a little bit more. i think maybe not and if not then it's something else but i don't know if um so you're saying the problem. is the sex the problem. might be the connection. but it's say going with that. would you say that she should suggest to. him more foreplay and she might be more. likely to want to. do it yeah be more romantic. be more present during the day. during the nonsex times you're saying she should tell him. yeah uh i think you should just tell him. start i think you should just start. with once a day is unrealistic. because we're married and have been married. for a long time and we're not 19. it. is uh and so what let's come. up with some kind of compromise. whether that is once every if once a week. is outrageous so he's gonna go like i mean. it's okay so maybe if he does that. maybe once then what would you. like maybe once between monday and friday. and then once on the weekend. like that might be fine. for him but again i i also come back. to the thing chris said which is like why. is this guy trying. to [ __ ] when you don't wanna i get he would like you to. want to right. and again talking to. her about rekindling some kind of flame. starting foreplay doing things that make her. happy to make her sort of more. excited about having sex. but like to. just be like we're [ __ ] today and we're [ __ ] tomorrow we're [ __ ] every day and that's what we have to. do to satisfy me i mean. of course you don't want to. who the [ __ ] that's what i'm saying. yeah that's not a connection. yeah but there's others. you have you not only have a valid. point to say that's too much. you have a valid. point to be like well why would i want to. yeah like this is not like some exciting. new relationship like do something more money don't treat me. like i'm just a fried butterfly. right like what is that. think about what a fried. butterfly i did think about it. pink why do you well. now it's pink think about a fried. butterfly if it were pink. now what this sounds like i need. more things what does it look. like if the fried butterfly foods. there was a slit in the middle. of it [music] you're just talking. about describing age restricted. you're gonna you're just describing. a female genitalia there we go. okay i could have said that. if i want to. be you know well that would have been way. more clinical i'm just saying if that is a stupidass. way to say well. you would try butterfly with a slit. in it okay wow so don't just treat me. like you're so inelegant you know. he's just like wait what uh. what what about a fried. what okay a a a pink fried. butterfly with a slit in it. that you dropped in water. and took it out and it's and now it. looks like that the worst. writer the [ __ ] worst spitballing a poet. skip on poet do. you understand if i read a book. with and it said all that. would be my favorite book. dude so [ __ ] off man that would be so the best [ __ ] i gotta write that up really so bad but he um yeah just yeah be open and talk you know guys struggle talking about this [ __ ] too so uh but he doesn't have a struggle saying. once a week once a day. yeah so this [ __ ] have a word with this. [ __ ] it's a lot but yeah i mean i understand guys a bit much dude okay uh well are we done we're done and i wanted to. thank you before you even. look boom yeah so i was gonna say that's what i was gonna say. spin move mentality tshirt. boom with the spin move totally in the fern. and people know what's up. dude when you watch it. the other ones are the [ __ ] you know what my favorite. is is the i love this. but i love the gray. crew neck is the [ __ ] with the [ __ ] icons and i'll take it right now that's the key. art that's the number one. seller is it it must be. it's the best [ __ ] that there is also hey everybody i'm book it up. fast get your [ __ ] matt deleo. dot com oneonone advice sessions. get me i will listen. to you i will love you i will. give you the great. advice that i have from my heart. and my head because you deserve it. thank you very much i i love. you okay um so yeah um i'll be in uh stockton oakland. uh wash or no that'll be done. uh peoria illinois so about a pitching. yourself because i'll be it just comes out. sunday hi it's sunday. i had a good time. in washington dc learning. english uh savannah georgia i'm coming. i heard it's beautiful. i'll be there get your tickets. at crystalia dot com tempe. arizona uh i'm actually doing the club there. just to pick up a date. um and uh raleigh north carolina. can't wait can't wait to. bring that's done that's dope. raleigh north carolina tickets. chrisley dot com boston massachusetts. um that first show sold out. we got the second one. on sale bragging um not so good so it's a seven thousand. tickets total and so uh i'm in albany. new york and then i got that guy i'll see that guy in lakeland. with his [ __ ] hell yeah that nice ass guy oh that was nice that. was the nicest guy yeah. i'll see that guy all right. um yeah and subscribe to. this channel bro we can't get up. [ __ ] ever since we took it to. super cold people are like i think people are like what the [ __ ] is this and some unsubscribe and then more subscribe we can't get by [ __ ] we've been whatever number it is above the number it needs to. be at subscribe people like and subscribe. leave a comment uh and uh if you have a question. uh go to lifeline is lifeline. dot com watchlifeline dot com. uh submit a video to. ask us a question. give you the advices or if you want private. obviously you know what to. do yeah and then get that. off on the pure spectrum. gummies or see the show. notes for details okay guys send it so fast. [music] 