 [music] runk lexington kentucky i'll be there september. 28th birmingham alabama montgomery mobile alabama. and then i'll be in toronto. and bismar and sou. falls go to. chrystal lea dot com toronto. g to be fun. can't wait love toronto. november 9th playing the meridian. hall uh and uh it is episode. 403 of congratulations [music]. crazy conratulations [music] yeah dude. uh i am just i tell you what. i tell you what we actually. found the we found somebody you you. guys remember my eminem impression. right of course more torent right. that one i found a guy who does eminem better. than me t more one. shady i'm so if you want. a sh this what i give you a little bit. of we some when i got the hospit not cooperating. when table operating you this. long i know but your h. problem complic the fcc will let me let i mean. he obviously doesn't know english. and only learned it syllable. by syllable or he's deaf um but if he's de how to. hear it uh this is this. is bad let me see the try. shut me down in mtv. he so empty without me. so coming up your legs. okay you know he looks blind. as [ __ ] but uh i'll tell you this i'm allergic to. something and i don't know. what it is and and it might be that time. for me to go. figure it out because it's driving me. nuts i don't know what. it is i try to. single it out i i i can't. i think it's just i'm you know. what i'm allergic to. eating every time i eat my flg. kicks up yes dude every time i eat my flg. kicks up it sucks man i don't know how to. do it i don't know how to. fix it it sometimes it. happens when i eat sometimes. it happens just when i drink. coffee you know. maybe i'm maybe it was coffee. i think we just figured it. out what am i going. to do though i i'm going. to not drink coffee imagine my life. if i didn't drink coffee. i'd be like one of those those mormon. uh what is the mormon. uh secret lights of mormon. show now on not on uh bravo. on hulu i say not. on bravo because bravo turned it. down and hulu's got it. and apparently it's like kicking butt. and and uh my wife watches. it of course i can't. believe reality tv and it's so bad. right it's just so bad. and yet and the dudes who watch it. there's a show on it. it's called secret life. of mormons and these people i guess. these four five six moms started. a tik tok trend. called mom talk and they just basically uh dance. to that tony richmond song and and do moves. to that if that's that guy's name tim. t tiny richmond and uh i [ __ ] the does anyone. know what it is i [ __ ] the f. i ain't [ __ ] with the same. sex you got to. that's antitrans material right. there that he does so be on the lookout. for him on the canceled. list but i uhu so bad. and so um [ __ ] so um i figure uh they do these dances and then they got and then they got real big and then it came out that one of the people on the mom talk hashtag mom talk sounds so stupid and i have to. say it because that's what i'm talking. about you know i don't like that. twitter used to be like that and they changed the name finally. but when people started saying twitter and i'm like what all. right well what am i going. to call it but then everybody. was calling it that what are you. going to call it. you got to call. it the thing you can't. be cooler than that. you can't be cooler. you got to you got to. be part of society now. it's x and now i still call. it twitter so that's great. but uh mom talk uh mom talk thing. and so it came out. that one of the mom. talk ladies was talking about how the other ones. were swinging and so they were all you know swinging. kissing each other's husbands. and stuff i now look they're mormon. so i don't really know what swinging. is to mormons it. could just be drinking a diet. coke with each other but uh excuse. me did you drink a sun kissed. with my wife hey hey buddy. i got to talk to. you for a second did you drink. a sun kissed with my [laughter]. wife just the secret life. of mormons hey come here. um so they do uh did you drink. uh a mountain dew with. hey buddy come here. i got to talk to. you for a second what's this. this is an empty can of squirt. squirt of of of welches so uh on the car. on the floor really. where we drink welch. so um then they were swinging. and then they got big and then they got a show for it. and now it's on hulu. and i don't watch it. but my my the way it's hilarious. the way kristen sets up. sets me up for this stuff. cuz she's like there's a new show. do you want to. watch it with me or do you want me. to watch it by myself. which is such a weird way. of saying do you want to. watch a show together but that's what she does. cuz she knows me and she knows. that that's how i'm going. to respond to. it because i then i go well what's it about and she says it's a show. about uh mormons that's called. the secret life of mormons. and it's like supposed to. be so crazy and i was like really is it. a documentary or a show. cuz i will watch i will. watch a i will watch a documentary. about it i will watch a show. about it i will not watch a i will not watch a reality. tv show about it i watch a show. meaning if actors are portraying it. if nicole kidman's in it. or whatever and uh but so she's like it's a no. it's a show and i was like oh hell yeah. turn it on and then it's like reality. tv and i'm like oh it's a reality. show i can't watch this. i no and she's like oh my god come. on and i'm like dude. i' i'd actually rather i know this. is a a thing i'd rather. watch paint dry because then at least i could think about whatever i want to. yeah oh this looks like a job. for me so it's just like it's just like i the it. i it is unbelievable. to me how different women. and men are and i know that. that's a hacky premise but i'm not even. doing jokes it's unreal. to me that if you're a woman. you will watch reality. tv period and you may. think you're a woman and you won't watch reality. tv but here's the deal. you will and all it would take is two. episodes and then you're locked and loaded. man i could forget about a show. like that dude know why my [ __ ] balls i can forget about a show like that you know why kicking balls because dude that's why binge culture is the best if i stop go to. sleep forget about it won't watch i won't. watch it again unless it's i mean. it's got to. have like crazy good people in it. or something you know. but women you give them. two episodes you get the most staunch uh uh uh uh reality. show denier as long as they're titted they come up. and just be like i'm not watching it. two shows in what k. just click it click on the next. one that's just how it is so everybody. just follow me um i so i i i turned it. off dude and i watched i started watching the uh ne. uh the what the heck is it. the menendez brothers ones now look i'm a okay. did okay so it's by ryan murphy right. ryan murphy did all the uh the horror. story ones right the american. horror story didn't ran murphy do those yeah. okay he also did the oj one. right okay he also did the versace one. all right now i like that. ryan murphy is here's the thing. the the show dude the versace one. was one of the best television. series i've ever seen okay. limited i guess it was limited. it was so well done. so good uh and i just i loved it. now now i realized something. after that i started watching. other ryan murphy stuff. okay and i realized now. here's the i didn't like the other stuff. okay like the oj one get out. of town i didn't like it. the oj one get out of town. i didn't like it first of all you don't get kubba gooding. jr to play uh oj simpson i i i just just he's you know i i i i love the guy. i you know i worked with him. he's great great actor he's not oj dude. oj's a big hulk kub jr. is a junior you know. and so but i'm realizing something that i watch now. that i now that i watch the uh the menendez. uh one on netflix it it's all. of his shows are so gay. and i told i told i told kristen. in the middle of the menendez brothers. one i go i go oh man. this is crazy i was like man. ryan murphy uh makes the gayest shows. huh and she's like yeah he's probably gay. i oh he he is gay. and she said oh he is and i said oh 100%. without a doubt and she said you know. for sure and then i realized i didn't know. for sure i never i never knew. i just said it cuz of the shows. and then i but i doubled. down i was like i know so much about i can do this. with my head i can just watch a show. and know if a creator's gay or not and i doubled. down and i just said oh yeah. he is 100% out and i i even added. he's out too and then i go. i'm better start googling. and christ goes oh wow. that's funny yeah wow. you could tell huh. i go yeah i google. it the first thing that comes up. is uh ryan murphy met his husband. at a gay club and i'm like okay. i win life you ever. feel like that hey hey dude [ __ ] that makes me. happy for the next hour. i win life hey life i win. thank you i'm gracious but i win. life and uh i'm grateful. i'm gracious and but thank you. life and so i'm watching the show. and it's just like it'll be like the menendez brothers. like are kind of gay. together and you're just like what and you'll start googling. were the menendez brothers gay. together and google will be like the menendez brothers killed their parents. and you're like yeah yeah but gay are they gay. oh their dad was abusive. and you're like oh [ __ ] come on man. menendez brother's gay and then they'll be like menendez brothers. everything and then including searches for menendez brothers. but what's not included. gay and you're just like okay. so he's just making them. gay and then i realized why. i like the versace one. so much cuz everyone's gay in it. they're all actually gay it's versace and his twink. boy that's gay that's why. i'm so into it. and then when you sit you watch oj simpson. and johnny cochran or whatever. is like the glove doesn't fit it. doesn't fit it's too. tight in there i can't. get it in i'm out. the the american horror story ones were good. because horror is gay. oh that's gay as [ __ ] a you know a snake. [ __ ] i'm gonna get you that's gay. they it's all gay. ghosts you know dyan mcdermot was in it he's straight. but 100% gay you know what i'm saying. and it's just like there's just it's just the versace one. bang so here's my thing about ryan and and and and i don't i don't. dislike the menendez i don't i think he's a great creator i i think the the way. he does it is is i i love. the fact that he goes for it. i thought the oj one was it. was just not for me. miscast over the top i mean. john rolta played [ __ ] robert shapiro you know and uh and uh it was just you know. it was too much uh and and but but it i think so i think that ryan murphy should make the gayest tv. shows and about gay people and i will watch every single i'm telling you. the vace one my god that one. was so good it was really. good and that's the one. that nobody ever talks about dude. people don't know what to. like i swear to. god i'm serious people don't know what to. like i do check with me. everyone first so i i'm i'm i'm four. episodes in on the on the menendez brothers. thing and the guy who comes with. me that does all my clips. and also directed my special and you know. sam great friend of mine. he's just telling me. about the show he's like it's so good. you got to watch. it and there's just one part where this. happens and i was like okay. cool and dude i'. i'm four or five episodes. in and it didn't happen. yet and i actually think that he's wrong. and it's not on that. show dude and i'm mad cuz now i'm watching this. here's a here's a here's here's uh a an opening. into my mind. i'm watching the show and about you know. 90% okay so 60% i'm. watching the show 10% i'm checking my phone 10% i'm like you know. talking to my wife. and then there's 10% where i'm like that. part that [ __ ] sam talked about better. be it better come up. soon because i i don't even think that that's on. the show i think he's probably mixing. two shows up and now i'm [ __ ] pissed that's 10% of of my of my experience like a nut. job dude but i tell you who's good javi. bar dam dude i say javi jav bardam jav ar bardam. is so unbel the style. of ryan murphy's the menendez thing. and all of the stuff all. of the stuff that he has ever done. is is is over the top. and that's fine dude. i think over the top. is great i love over. the top ace ventur is one. of my favorite movies okay. jim carre is the best. he is on purpose. over the top one. of my favorite movies over. the top with sylvester stallone. it's over the top but um over. the top these guys these actors are over. the top you know. the the because everyone's got to. be gay too in it. because they make everyone gay. in it like i just said and then uh they have i mean. for [ __ ] sake they got uh nathan lane in it right and so uh javier bardem is not in it a lot until like episode four because of he's the dad and it starts. with them killing their parents. and then it starts showing flashbacks. and stuff dude javier bardem is on another. level he might be top. notch he might be a top notch and that's kind of all i have to. say about that show man. and that's all i have to. say about coffee bar. dem and that dude is the truth. and i want to. meet him so bad. i bet he smells so good except for every now and then he probably smells so bad. you know what i mean. though like fresh out the shower. on the beach you'd be like wow. man how did you just what did. you just do he's like i took a sh. wow that's amazing and you just wear white. linen everywhere yes i do yeah. and uh that is just you smell. great it's a natural it's a little bit. for the natural and then also i put on a spritz. you go wow yeah really compliment. each other and then like you might see him. out at a club right. and he's sweaty you go. abby and you hit your around. his back you go oh [ __ ] he actually smells like a sock but you still smell. the spritz a little bit. i smell like a suck right. but that is because i would like to. keep the fones going. yeah um so um i watched that. show because i need a little controversy because of so empty. without me i said [music]. uh i ate a bunch of food. before i started oh yeah i was talking about. how i'm allergic to. what am i i keep on. i don't know he speaking. of gay did he's i guess. he's just uh this is crazy. i mean the whole thing. is crazy didy streams. increase after arrest of course. they do this is from uh tmz. of course they do dude. of course they do can't. nobody hold me down. hey or how's the uh we ain't. going nowhere we ain't going. going nowhere we can't be stopped well the worst. rendition of it wa. it because gu we ain't. going nowhere we ain't going. we ain't nowhere we go nowhere. that's what is go nowhere. we can't be stopped now cuz we're bad. boys for life yeah you ain't going. you ain't going nowhere i mean. even even on baale you're not. going anywhere but uh man that's crazy. if you were imagine all all the fans he's got in pr. this is the thing he could really turn this. around like he's diddy. he could go into. the jail cell and really turn it. around and be honestly before you know it. dude i mean how long you think diddy. could be in prison. until he really turns it. around and he's the warden like in just a hiphop video. he could turn that into. real life we ain't go. nowhere we ain't go nowhere. we can't be stopped now cuz it's bad. boy for life and just murders murderers. and and uh and uh uh what do you call. them uh grand theft uh larsy. guys just and it's i at least. he's going to add a little bit. of fun to. prison you know oh [ __ ] did's here just [ __ ] hell yeah um and dude he's he can't get on bail he can't get out on bail that's crazy dude. did you should always be able. to get out on bail. i think because or or you know. make us just a third. world country where we just get locked up. cuz that's crazy dude they put him on suicide. watch i mean he's are you kidding. me dude he's not gonna he's not going to. off himself there's no no way. there's no way literally what he's thinking. right now is i was just [ __ ] or no he was not even thinking about he's like i was just lubing. people up crazy dude. all the people at the party. is [ __ ] bricks you know you got like ceos that were there. that had no business being there. like well i was there. once what i what's this. jlo and ben affleck. thing is that true. oh yeah oh really crazy. ben ben just goes like this. yo dude remember that didy [ __ ] i'm out oh how about usher. dude hey usher don't delete your tweets. it makes everybody want to. know everything you've ever done. hey usher let's usher those tweets. back on twitter hey usher don't delete 7,000 tweets in an instant after your friend. gets arrested for butt [ __ ] hey usher watch this you know that [ __ ] uh that's what he did before the before he deleted all the tweets watch this that's the sound of deleting just 7,000 times seven dude 7,000 tw um dude that that that meme was i think one of the i think that might have been the funniest meme ever to. watch this one like who do see think he is. with this [ __ ] watch this i guess he's usher. you know there's only one usher but it's like he probably thinks he's prince. you know uh man so many people were at diddy's. parties i mean dude. i would love it if like alpacino was there. and [ __ ] i don't remember i they just want to. talk to him. m can we talk about in 19. in 2004 you're a d. party oh who what did. he what no no no no diddy. p diddy did i pee. what no oh yeah do you remember when we were slippery. when we were slippery and [ __ ] and tom seymore and uh you're in the room. with tom seis seore and beanie. beanie seagull who oh no you. remember when you were in a room. with uh remember you were in the room. in the back it was. in the theater it was the the back. of the theater in the room. it was behind the basketball court. with the beds in it. the back of the theater in the room. and you were uh in there. and you were with giovan. risi and memphis bleak. what oh i don't remember you. were with remember you know memphis. bleak what dude memphis [laughter]. bleak you remember when you excuse me mr. pino yes you remember when you were in 2004 you. were in the back of you. were in byy remember you. were at a diddy party. didy w no do you remember. when you were okay so you were on. the back lawn it was way. back behind the swing set and uh you were with you don't remember you were with uh uh uh uh berry pepper and chingy [laughter]. oh oh [ __ ] dude h who oh yeah uh no um miss pino oh yeah. you yeah do you remember when you were in the back. you remember when you were in the pool. with uh uh jeremy davies and murphy lee do you remember. that oh no i don't remember. do you remember when you were with ed. burns and do you remember you were with ed. ed burns and sy cell do you remember do you remember when you were hang out. in a tree with adam goldberg. you with adam goldberg and [ __ ] nelly oh no no i'm only naming. uh people from sav and private. ryan and the st lunatics. um what a great crossover. that would be hot and just head. getting blown off so hot. what the hook g do. uh oh we don't need no. [ __ ] hook on this beat mines. wow how could people ever listen. to this podcast do you remember when you were with nathan. fillian and what yeah you were with nathan. fillian and who else is in this [ __ ] st lunatics oh yeah i remember that nathan fillian he was [ __ ] me oh yeah i remember i had shingy by the throat consensually and jonathan ri was [ __ ] me oh yeah jonathan r was [ __ ] me h yeah now i remember speaking of oldtime actors gangster [ __ ] this is before the internet i love this he didn't know the internet was going to. exist but also did it. on tv last hell yeah. dustin hoff farts in an interview with tom cruz. three days about a sushi in in japan. lot of sushi and jaan says you know. gr so the fart. gets infinitely grosser when you. say i had sushi do you know what i'm saying. like it's just like you there. i don't know if there i don't think there's any i don't i i actually i don't think there's anything worse. honestly you could say broccoli. eggs anything lot of sushi in japan. just so disrespectful 55 and just dude. the coming up you know. doesn't have to. do that at all and just tom it's the sushi. and then catching up in berlin with the sausages. no made it grosser catching up. in berlin with the sausages a [ __ ] worldrenowned book. that was written in 2001. by a lady that then died now we're in bangers. in m the bangers in in england. and i'm so sorry i didn't mean. it come i'm sorry it was during your question. [laughter] too that's the come. up is amazing death. of a salesman is like the last the last time. the popup is amazing mer it. just goes the do rating and the rock. rating um khloe k says she was at a diddy. party with bieber bieber full of naked. people none of this stuff is. aging good at all. you know it's like it's just like it's just like that's what sucks. is they pull up everything. that's even innocent and they're just like i saw an ellen. clip and diddy was like. well you know i was making love last. night and everyone's like oh we knew it. there were signs you. know or it'll be like you know. oh yeah [ __ ] nolan ryan was at a pity. party there were signs. nolan ryan [ __ ] boys. you know all we got to. bleep all this out by. the way it's just not ching's. back i just got sent the link. here chingy's back ching's back. kind of chingy where did they what. are you kidding me. so wait hold on. red white and rock uh okay. this is for uh um uh the right. right the right yeah you can tell about because of the many. cowboy hats on the thing dude. chingy wow so they're doing a concert. it's with craig campbell jimmy levy. jessica suda uh kimberly giloy foil and chingy. which is the one. that he does uh oh right. there yeah you gonna yeah yeah yeah you're going to. want to vote to. the right you're going to. want to vote right. there just so bad like what. is it going to. why do they do this. what you know what republic. an you you there's nobody that is the democ. the one thing we'll say about the democrats. is they've got when it comes. to like writers and artists. and [ __ ] they kind of they got they they got the corner market all right. you know there's a few talented. people that will be outwardly republican. now by the way a lot of these people. are secretly republican these artists. they're secretly republican they just don't say. it or they're not out. politically but like the people who are out. politically they got a few talent. like kid rock is very talented. and [ __ ] um you know of course you know the people at the top get the hate but you know he's talented. bro and uh but like they should just not do. that they should actually what the what the right. should do is straight up disavow hollywood. they should have no i mean. they have [ __ ] hulk hogan and chingy. you know hey you lost okay. you lost with that. r just bow out of it. but uh yeah they they feel like they got to. play in the game so they got to. have a concert i guess. they got to have a concert. right who can we get chingy. and hull hogan okay. right there brother um oh anyway shout out to. chingy he's back let's look at this. one look at this. here this is a trump. [music] event it sounds good but it's not me. there we go we ready. to make america great again. yes sir 20 people whoa. oh my god the guy got to. make america great again yamaka oh the music. what's going on guys so how's everybody. doing a start with it oh that. reminds me of i used. to date this chick and she would be like we would be talking. and stuff we haven't seen each other. for like three or four. days and then we'd be talking it'd be like 20. 30 minutes in sometimes. one hour into. us hanging out and she'd be like so how you doing. and i'm just like dude. we don't work at a [ __ ] firm. together like what are you doing you just saw that in a movie don't do that i say don't do that. to me i said don't do. that to me we're you said. that already in the beginning. what how you doing. what have you been up. to i've been telling you you're not. listening i'm a real gem to. be with but she would do that. and she thought she thought she thought she was julia roberts. i think god bless i hope. she's doing well um god here we go. wheel of fortune come on get past. there bankruptcy terrible lost $5,000 what is this. e l what is it another. bankrupt no oh she lost. ite she lost it okay melissa fair. racially he was white she's black and then this. one's i think a lesbian. bankruptcy should we have a conversation. with this what is wait. a minute ryan sec. does wheel of fortune now. for how long oh he just started. oh because pat sri died. no he retired oh he. retired he's gonna die. um what are you doing. to us being very naughty. oh yeah oh ryan this. is where ryan maybe i shouldn't have done. this lose a turn who did something. bad before they got here. oh god okay t who did something. bad before they got here. you know so general so basic. there we go wonderful. $800 two h's. $800 okay that's $ 16. that's $1,600 dude no bankrupt get past. this melissa have to. take that [ __ ] out dude. another bankrupt who are these idiots. so i'm new here i've never seen. anything like this before brent so right. let's go break this curse. oh pat sjck just watching the and now. lose a turn pat s watching. at home just like good what is. i what is going on. tilt it we used to. tilt it please help me. okay t doing it. all right come on dude. vena white's going to be [ __ ] dead they're going to. wheel her out like the like the uh uh hannibal. lector bankruptcy again do you want. me to spit. what this just went on for 7 hours. here we go $600 there. we go she did it. she just [ __ ] it up um no we only do letters uh a silhouette of a tree. no no it has to. be a letter oh gosh. how did the fact. that they haven't updated that part. where where you when you get bankrupt it. goes is so shitty dud. dude update it that was kind of popular. in the 70s update it. oh dude this thing killed me. right here i saw grab grab grab grab grab qu. filming grab her what are you. talking about come on aren't you. a good citizen what do. you mean bro the this. lady is getting chased by two police officers and somebody is filming and that's the video we see. and they're filming it. and the police officers are saying grab her grab her stop filming grab her. and the guy just incredulously says grabber. what the hell are you. talking about dude he sounds like the dude. from big laow grab grab her. grab her grab her grab her quit. filming grab her what are you. talking about come on aren't you. a good citizen what do. you mean dude dud. like they all they do is tell you don't get involved. that's what they say. they say if something happens with cops. don't get involved if if you're going. to get involved honestly get involved. like this this is was a great. one this is how you should get involved. just honestly narrate it this. guy's on one of those unicycle. things this guy stole something and there's a cop. chasing him and this guy in the unicycle. is just narrating it going. back and forth between. the cop and the it's going. down y'all it's going. down got brother come. on look don't give up. you better keep going. i mean now he's talking to. the guy who like stealing some [ __ ] that's what it. look like he's still behind you let's see. how this turned out. you got any predictions on how this going to. turn out you i feel you. on that and the guy. just keep i got to. go take a [ __ ] you think they going to. catch you i didn't take that then why you chasing i'm sorry. y'all i'm riding this it's kind of hard. to he's on the unicycle they going. to go back don't rape. you is crazy what the guy's getting. away and then going back to. the cop just take off and grab him. my boy say he got a doooo he was stealing. that wasn't he just let my boy. go act like you ain't catching. come on man no black on black. cr over here hey cop. hey cop command deer the unicycle. i mean you know not. getting it also just stole paper towels which is amazing. i thought you're not allowed. to run after somebody if they stole something at least. it was not california so that's i just can't wow. my cousininlaw my cousininlaw makes these mugs with like i guess. you get anything on them pets. on them but the one here i took a picture of it. i'll put it up right. here of butters because butters wasn't doing. too well she made me one. it was really sweet so i'm uh putting her handle. out there you guys should get one with your pets. it's really sweet vander may ceramics. is what it is the tag. the thing will be right. there v n d e. r m y ceramics. um but have her do one for you. and your pet or a gift. or something they're really cute. man i love mine going. and drink hot coffee now. because of it um so check her. out on instagram and order. one um and then uh and then there's this guy which is the thing. that i really just found out i've seen. this guy before and i don't know how i've never talked about him. honestly i thought i the bears. ain't going to. [ __ ] with you your bas they know. chilling one of the most underrated. trees in the world old grocer hey dude there's no underrated trees for first of all trees are all rated correctly because they're trees they're not outfits. they're not chicks they're not a batting. average it's a tree you just look. at it you go huh. oh wow that's it. there's no overrated or underrated. trees there's no one rating. trees okay even this guy this. thing's thick dude. over 3,000 years old. i couldn't be more dual this. guy this thing's thick. deep he live to. be 5,000 years old growing. straight out of a rock. it looks so sick dude. these trees are so underrated. and you only find them. in the sier nevada mountains. over 7,000 ft elevation like what what is this guy talking about how they're underrated dude like it's tool grow that soil they need the good [ __ ] they want the rocks that granite that beef that's how they get thick this thing is so big it might even be the record one it's oh some just bit me it's thick it's over 60 m right now freezing my falls off and they don't give a [ __ ] dude ernie he's the new record sierra juniper tree and i named him so [ __ ] big it's going straight down a rock too dude you already said it it's going straight down a rock dude dude that canopy she th it's dark it's 1:00. in the morning that's when all it's why. he's doing this at 1:00. in the morning dude. doing the daytime get a better. shot this guy is rolling man. this guy is rolling for the good. [ __ ] look at that be bro. oh my god why does it. have the what is it. like the [ __ ] uh interstellar. music in where m kind of crying. m look at sexy this. is what they usually. look like like this one they usually. look like that and now look at this. homie beef beef that record's m third record stre in one. year i know how to. find that beef and unlike most people like saying the red woods. and [ __ ] i don't use drones. to cheat in that. lar i use my feet. and my girlfriend uses her feet. and we find that good [ __ ] get based this guy cannot stop dude. he doesn't use drones. i use my feet my girlfriend. uses her feet um well that is based man. i mean that tree should be. really highly rated honestly when it comes to. trees that should be the one top. most goat tree goat go. ttt great all time tree um g. to greatest tree of all. time um yeah dude i don't know. juniper tree i always find. it super weird when people are into. uh anything foliage because it's like dude. collect stamps you can things that are too. big you know it's like you got to. go out and see it i want all my [ __ ] that i have ocd about in my house. so i don't have to. go anywhere dude maybe bonsai trees right. uh but yeah this dude's the most dudical. guy of all time i like how much he likes trees. but matthew mcc speaking. because i just thought about him. how about a guy who went from. silly actor to great actor and then immediately was like now. can't do that and then did that [ __ ] [ __ ] lincoln ad and then now he's just like on instagram like clapping at athletes saying natural talent natural talent. longhorns dude what there are some they should like these guys. who have social media. like anthony hopkins uh uh they just don't need to. get it they they start doing the craziest [ __ ]. we start seeing what they're like. we don't want to. know what they're likes they're. good actors don't hey dude. real quick don't show us what you like do. the [ __ ] acting that you do you were start d you got out. of being a guy in romantic. comedies and you started doing. great roles and and then you yeah but he killed it. in a time to. kill that that first one. whatever it was it. called the in our hearts. he was great um i don't know man. i went to. um uh thunder bay i went dude. i was in duth duth is pretty. uh it's got like a like that. whole lake lake [ __ ] man. that whole minnesota uh uh accent. is crazy to. me bag they say bag. instead of bag nah. they say like oh instead of o. and dude just uh and about one. out of five of them. have those oakle sunglasses male or female. uh and we went to. the border cuz we had to. cross from minnesota or yeah. to uh thunder bay to. canada thunder bay thunder bay was awesome dude um and the guy was like you know he had one of those big cars and they were like are we going to. have to get out or what the hell. the driver's talking to. him and he was like where were you for where were who was. in the back there and we were like hey it's us. we gave him the ids. and [ __ ] but he couldn't see back there so he was like all right. mr deah where were you where were you six days ago. that's the kind of [ __ ] they ask. you and you're like oh home oh wait. no hold on okay. i was uh okay wait where did we play. where do we play. and now you think you're lying. so you're not going to. get into the country. you're not you think you sound. like you're lion no hold. on you don't uh i was in where were we we were. in oh [ __ ] and then i oh london ontario we were uh six days ago. we were in london. ontario six days ago we were in la. the day before that seven. days ago we were in london. ontario and so and then the guy says oh so you are funny. i'm like i'm not making a joke. i'm actually just trying to. be very specific you know. those guys with the the power. trips that they have answer. me correctly but don't do it. cutely answer me correctly in the way. i want you to. do it guess how i want you to. do it if you don't guess. you're getting detained and so i got i so i was like seven. days ago we were in london. ontario and then six days ago. we flew by six. days ago we flew back. to la so we were technically. in london ontario and also la oh. you're are funny huh. get in the back dude. they brought us in the back. and and we got out and they couldn't have been nicer. and it's just like you could sneak. into any country huh. like you you could just kind of we could have. just you know what we could have. done actually left people in the actual car. and not all gone out and we could have smuggled people. into canada there could be more people in canada. right now because of us but i would never do. that to canada. canada kind of woke as [ __ ] i was doing a little bit of woke material not woke material antiwoke material which is pretty much just comedy nowadays and i did it in um thunder bay and i felt him tighten up and i go you guys better. buckle the [ __ ] up no wait it wasn't even thunder bay it was duth i said you guys better buckle the [ __ ] up dude it gets worse then just started dropping bombs on them and then [ __ ] you know i ended up turning them but they weren't ever really not they were not turned but you know you double down dude my favorite my favorite set of all time is bernie mack in de comedy jam when he comes out dude everybody was bombing filming de comedy jam and then bernie mack came out last and he came out with a [ __ ] attitude and it was awesome and he keeps saying over and over again i ain't scared you [ __ ] and dude it is so awesome and he would do a joke. and would k it and then the dj would. hit the thing that's what i think that. the best set i'. i've ever seen in my life. go look it up bernie m de jam de comedy. jam um i just what is this. everybody move wait so. it's just like i'm tricking the. homie next to you all right. 3 two one that is what the [ __ ] oh that's [music]. funny they all told him. they were all going to. do it not no it's not. good [applause] look at how [ __ ] funny they think it is it's amazing. come on come on no. way he's going to. do it [music] again. dude get out of here. he did it again. this guy deserves it. now the first i felt a little bit. bad for him now i don't you dude. i don't like pranks at all. but these kind are are fine. they don't hurt anybody the guy. goes bad twice dude. i don't like pranks like these youtubers dude. that do pranks they get man. when i just saw a kid. get a knife drawn on him. because he was like singing. to a guy's face in like it's always at like a home. depot and the guy pulled. his knife out and i'm like man. these somebody's gonna get [ __ ] shanked man. these youtubers get they get it's happened. before where they got shot and all that. i'm just glad i'm out of la. i'm out of la yes. i'm still in california but i'm out of la. and it's okay cuz now i don't feel weird. driving my car anywhere or wearing a watch. because i don't want to. get [ __ ] my wig pushed. back in on melrose on melrose. boulevard because of a [ __ ] because of my you know because of my ice um man baddies also like not even a good idea don't do that you know it just went baddies i would have kept going and did the whole dance do you know all right look guys i i don't know this was a a video heavy day and it's just because we wanted too i appreciate you um if you want to. watch the rest that's it. that's it for uh youtube. if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. go to patreon dot com. uh and go check it. out watch the rest of the video watch the rest of the episode. and then also watch all the other extra episodes. there's like 40 of them that. you can unlock immediately uh appreciate you. you guys are great. and thank you very much. [music] [ __ ] [ __ ] [music] 