 foreign [music] i'm not go ahead. go ahead lay it on me. thanks for the coffee. you're welcome it's not good. you know why oh i know. why you think that no. because it's a very good coffee. place and you have taste into. everything that there ever is sleep. those out because it's the first all. right i can't say that. i'm sorry i was passionate. it's all right just leave them. out it's not good pod. podcast it's not good calling so far. dude first of all that coffee. from and the name will we won't say. the name because well i love it. i want to. say the name but we don't say. the name because of how i i think it's it's really. bad and it and people think it's really good. it is really good it's alfred's. okay well you just said you wanted. to know that's gonna be the joke. and you kind of ruined. it by saying i will say the number because of the name because i liked him. no but i didn't know no. no you know what the thing. is you're pissing me off. is the main overarching thing. the coffee is good no. on top of that you're pissing me. off because i was saying the coffee's. bad no because you said i messed up. the bid even though i didn't well the bit was messed. up a little bit i saved. it because i'm good with bits. i think so it's fine. i think you messed it. up but by doing it. in the first place because it wasn't that. great listen for the the cold. brew at alfred's coffee but who cares. because only losers luddites and lemmings get cold. brew well that's not true. yeah it is real people. who with real tastes. get what real coffee. okay dude i drink four. shots of espresso over ice. okay i really i really do i really do all the cool. stuff dude when it comes to. coffee i drink i drink regular. coffee sometimes okay then you're doing. great when you do that. okay remember the guy at indian. guys who drink something like this. and we always made fun. of them no oh damn. no i would love to. remember that no he was like of some sort of asian. descent it was new jersey. still i was so young. no i don't remember that. okay well dude oh you don't cherish. our youth as much as i do well no but there do you remember the guy. that was in a baseball camp. and we called him dart. head yeah kramer his name. is kramer he was yeah. his name his last name. was kramer dude he had a turban. on which is cool. we're not you know but and that. sounds racist well no kramer's a different guy. obviously a guy named kramer. wasn't wearing a turban. but keep going in so yeah. so this guy was not kramer. no i know because he would wear it. wear the turban he would wear his baseball. hat over the turban he couldn't fold. the brim like that so it. was so straight like we said straight. like a dart so. we'd call him dart. head and now realizing that it probably. sounds very racist i think someone. if we said it the wrong. way too fast it. would sound like dot head oh that. would be racist didn't even. think about that for 25. years neither until 30 years. me neither until right. now wow interesting so the point. is we're not racist well. the point is is the cold. brew from alfred's is very bad. and so is the coffee. i wouldn't know because i only drink real. delightful brew okay worst actual. delightful brew okay so foreign this. is delightful brew yeah uh listen. uh it's not good i've been there. plenty of times i know real. coffee i drink real. coffee i love coffee. have you had their world famous. vanilla latte bro a vanilla. latte is right now. if a vanilla latte is. not good then the place. should be it should explode. very many places should should yeah. they should fly through and bomb. another place that's crazy a vanilla latte. should only be your drink you go. wow that's amazing the world famous. alfred is this world famous. you know how i know that. because they menu it. says world famous bro i could i mean. i did this in quotes. not because i did it. alfred is it even in another. place alfred alfred's coffee why are you acting like mom. adding an s mom does. do that but even to. things that have an s at the end. she has because it's alfred's. coffee it's his alfred's. is called starbucks's coffee. yeah that's yeah anyway let's move on because it's not. it's really not that good. but let's move on. you love it fine. i got you that hat. you're welcome i was just gonna say thanks. for that even though you did. nothing to get it. it was all kristen yeah but i know you so i know so you didn't have. four star on the bit. but you did have foresight on that. yes i had nothing to. do with it but she told me. she was gonna do it. and i said oh that's cool. so in a way i did. have something to. do with it because if i if i said i don't think that's a good idea. i would put the kibosh on. it so you're welcome. in that way do we all know. who that is that's your uh your your dog. yeah yeah my dog charlie. your dog charlie tell us. are you it was like this. too are you gonna have that. coffee go ahead have it. and he's got the carhartt hat. because he's a working man. he would like regular coffee like you know. is carhart working man [ __ ] that's what they say. but i said a bad word. again that's okay it's four minutes. in whatever but you know. i'm i'm good with it. but you swear a lot. so i do yeah but you messed it. up the last episode no. don't do that so look. so you're walking for the hat. so it was for christmas. i finally came yeah you know. and i gotta be honest. yeah it is do you actually. really do you actually like it. i feel like you would not like this. no i like it yeah i thought it. was too small because i tried. it on she thought i was going. to be too small i. tried it on and it was fine. it's snug but it's not too small. cool got it why she said you should get we were at. a place and she was like you should get mad. that that uh beanie and i looked at i didn't think. you'd like it and it wasn't this. it was no it was um a tiedyed more. uh it's like purple. pink kind of one but it was not. like thick it was thin. i don't like thin okay. i knew it yes dude. yes he knows his brother dude. i don't like thin i know. my brother yeah you do and that in that. instance you know i know my brother very well so uh so yeah so anyway dude um that was that was how i feel about that that's great it's great. good [laughter] i quit. what percent of people do. you think know what that is. one no way no no no it's more. way less no we're less than one. no it's more okay. hold on a second before before. we tell you what it. is yeah in the comments. be truthful because i'm gonna look this. time i never look. but i'm gonna look this time. do you know what this. is from i quit. i quit i quit and then and then he says i quit. oh this might give it away. but why not and last the third. one he says i quit. mr white i quit. you know and he said there's my give it away. but and then he goes like this. i quit tom hanks's character. in that thing you do so uh yeah. dude it's from that thing. you do and it's like oh can we play. it play it yeah dude. play it dude legendary play. it play it it's not legendary. it is look how many views. a quarter quarter million i i quit so dick you know yeah the laugh the laugh. i quit mr white oh he doesn't add. another uh i i failed. dude no you know. what happened for sure. and we know this because we're in the biz. right okay but for sure that he did. it and the director said you know. what i want i want after you're done. doing it i want you to. take an actual moment. where you really talk to. him like a person that's what he said. dude and you know who the director was tom hanks. slash mr white slash the writer. dude tom hanks's writing and directorial debut. is that thing you do so direct another movie called. larry crown what are you doing. tom hanks well i don't understand. why anybody wants to. do anything but the thing they do. well put that on my tombstone if you're gonna do something like crazy. and wild go for it. do something if your tom hanks right. and you want to. do some like crazy. like sex thriller or something. yeah write it direct it. be in it even if you're talking. don't do some stupid light. romantic comedy don't do something. that tom hanks would get cast. as an actor to. do when he was young. before he even made it you. know like that's like what that. thing you do is for him. it's also like what larry larry. crown do you know. what it is yeah it's terrible. yeah with his legs out. like this like right. yeah with julia roberts on. the back he's like this like that. guy dude if he wasn't tom hanks. would ever get julia roberts. you know what i mean. right right right right right. right right um so yeah okay uh crystallia dot com. i am going to. be shooting my special april. first chrysler dot com april. 1st uh and i'll be in austin. i will be in uh milwaukee. i've got columbus ohio. i got ohio days. coming up um and what else i don't. even know a different ones. man different places. i want to. submit a video to. the show click in the link. in the description below or go. to watch lifetime. dot com and if you want a private. session you don't want to. air it out in front of the whole entire world. because the whole entire world. of watches this show you can make a session. with me oneonone mano and mono it. travels nowhere except into. my ears it never goes out. of my mouth whatever you tell me. never goes anywhere else mattelia dot com. baby baby well i was i was doing a pause. to lead up to. it but yeah so wait let's go. back to this you think lifelinemerch dot com. for the merch you think and the merch. is absolutely you think that. for real crazy dude no of like of like the entire world. no no america america okay then i would say like people. in between three and five percent. colombia be like that's from. yeah in india yeah yeah. between between three and five percent. that's that's crazy bro i mean. that's probably so wrong but i want that. to be true. though so i'm sticking with it. but now if that movie had come out. maybe this year maybe you maybe one percent or two. percent even no now nobody remembers anything. from nobody remembers any lines. for movies okay fair enough. you're right there's too many. of them it's an onslaught and it's like yes i get it. it's not the same thing. there's that whole [ __ ] like like dude. the best pictures i don't know foreign. i have no idea who they are. yeah i will never know. ever again but also [ __ ] like green book wins [ __ ] like uh what was the gamer the horror movie. about the fish that. she [ __ ] yep fish. out of water nobody ever thought about that. the year after it came out. fish out of water no that's not what it. was called shape of water. shape of water so to. shadow water [ __ ] but that could have caught a fish the shape of water. is so [ __ ] yeah the shape of water. is [ __ ] because the shape of water. is whatever you put it in well. there's something poetic. going on in their minds. but there's no poetry going. on when you watch it. because suckville is it. bad it's suckville yeah really dude. give me the toro. is that the guy who did the [ __ ] the cabinet of james gamo del toro on netflix. what anthony he's a dork. yep what did you say. guillermo del toro did. a thing called the cat. what is it called. thor anthony knows cabinet of curiosities oh. yeah if you said the thing. i wouldn't know i said cabinet. i didn't know there's a cabinet of guillermo. del toro and like i was just gonna say. yes he probably did that because he is in his kitchen. yeah yeah dude it's that. thing is not good kristen. likes that it's odd. she likes it but and he he's doing this. thing where he like introduces each episode. that's his dream that's his dream. this is the kind of filmmaker. that generally bothers me. gilbert authority is actually good but he's got this quality about him. that a lot of other successful. filmmakers have and all they want to. do is recreate [ __ ] they saw when they were eight wow. that's so funny dude. like peter jackson with king kong like these guys like he even remade actual king. kong what the hell. these guys they just want to. feel like little kids. again wow not to. be chicago but pauline kale's original. review of raiders of the lost. ark steven spielberg's raiders lost ark is the best takedown of that and it was like what year did that come on why do filmmakers do that that'd be like if i wanted to. make a movie now called like the babysitter. who molested me in the tv. room ah the babysitter who hypnotized me and i cried. like a [ __ ] my name is crystal here not magically because magically didn't cry. that's the title you cried. dude he cried he was getting hypnotized and he cried. first of all i was not hypnotized i cry. at that i hypnot i cried. because you were being hypnotized and i felt bad. for you and i was traumatized by. it moving on well it. didn't work dude her name was you know. remember her name was her. name was muffy. oh yeah i do remember that. muffy sir that was not. the uh i was talking about the babysitter. that's a different i'm joking. but he was talking about the he you're talking about the hypnotized thing. yeah yeah yeah that's the only thing. we're talking about though so that's all good. no i said the joke. about the molestation doesn't even separate. babysitters okay uh but yeah no uh muffy she had a white. fake white uh furry thing. i think she was an exotic. dancer man no she wasn't an exotic. dancer and she also didn't have a white. furry thing you're saying that. because you think a person with name muffy. would have that and you're why. would that be true. i remember her specific. way it might be wrong. but i distinctly remember. she was blonde yeah and she was the friend. of the actual babysitter i thought. she was the baby no. i thought she was a babysitter. and she brought her friend. no the babysitter brought muffy fair. enough fair enough and muffy was the hypnotist. such a weird shot the funny. is it that muffy's like 50. right now you know yeah. at least right she's got to. be she probably at least 50. yeah. so uh all right muffy. if you're out there watching you should submit. a video ask should i regret. trying to hypnotize to. young innocent children when it was way out of line. to do that and i remember there. were being like t blank he blink. he blinked to. you and i i got so i got scared. i got scared bro i was scared. i was such a scared. child yeah i'm still scared. so what was i doing you were doing. you were getting hypnotized you're like all. right i'll do it i was like matt. you'll do it okay. cool oh what a badass. i was dude you're a badass. yeah you're a badass. yeah you've been hypnotized ever since. so anyway let's get into. hypnotized me to. be a badass my whole life. um you will be a badass. on the count of three. one two three all right. i need to buy another. leather jacket and then you put yeah i'm gonna start. smoking all right cool i'm five years. old all right yeah shall. we did a magic. trick in the beginning. too absolutely hates chris. the way she said chris. what's up matt what's up. chris oh jess here from a montreal. canada okay well that's not what it. is i'm looking to. see it should be though. what you guys would do. in this situation or what you. guys do with your friend. group but i've been hanging out. with the same group of people. for over a decade now. we're really close and whenever we would do. weekends away get cottages or like splurge it. used to kind of be. tit for tat in terms of like. someone would make a big dinner and spend groceries. on that dinner then that other person. would book the cottage and so it would kind of even out. it's called living fair but some of her. like less financially able. friend kind of get left. out sure or are you contributing. the same and so now we have a spreadsheet. and it's really weird that's called. living room these aren't friends you work. yeah in terms of situations. like that okay friends if you have a friend. yeah you never involve them. in something that requires making a spreadsheet because no. real friends do that congratulations you are now. running a business yeah you've got a business. congratulations yeah it's just gross. feeling also it's called living fair. the things she said at first. you know and then the things she said about the spreadsheet. is called living wrong. okay okay two songs that garth brooks could. sing and both on different cds. yeah and then the next one. would come out three years. later called living wrong dude um ancient so uh yeah all right well the what was the question. like does she just is it. is it like is that wrong. it's all [ __ ] up yeah here's the deal. if you start getting into. another tax bracket okay. your other friends that aren't in that. tax bracket you're done. with them no they get a free. meal you buy them food. that's how that goes if you're the one. who makes money first yeah. especially if it's a lot more money. you buy them food. you never say oh should we let's split. it you never know. no you don't do that. you don't ever do that. you buy two options. so there are two options. then you can either pay for everything. or you you're in a different. tax bracket you're done. with those friends you've leveled up right. and and then when you see them. again because you'll still run into. them you'll go like you go. like this oh you know. or even better like this. that's better oh yeah. uh looking leveled up. in another tax bracket who whoever started. the spreadsheet thing they that. person's a piece of [ __ ] i'm out yeah you know and also money with friends that sucks you can divvy up also the the stuff you could be like i'm paying for everything. but you guys got to. stay in the servants quarters. and now when we get the cottage it's great. but you guys are gonna be doing more. chores yeah and you make my bed. yeah you bring me my food. that i bought yeah you bring it. to me in bed. and when i'm done you can eat yeah. and you say it like this. when you're you go when your bed's. not made like early enough. you walk out and go what the [ __ ] yeah and they say what you say my bed's. not made and then they go and they go whoa. oh shoot oh okay i guess that was mine. let me check the spreadsheet and be like you don't. have to spread check the spreadsheet. you're poor yeah and then and then we'll walk. out yeah yeah yeah so those are the good that's the the great. advice is for us but yeah the one. who made the spreadsheet women under the influence. dude play the clip. play a clip of that can you. i wonder no maybe long get it. maybe long get it that's okay. i know who the character. name is i know but i know yeah. oh yeah worst producer in the game. okay yeah you know. you know what it's not. my thing i'll do that. all right next up i was just wondering what your guys's. thoughts were on um like being super competitive so one thing. about me is i've always been super competitive. and it it's like led me. pretty far in life. i've succeeded at a lot of things. but also it makes people not like me. um so i was just wondering yeah. thoughts were if either of you guys are competitive or like if that bothers you like if that. annoys you guys if you know. people who are like that. um but yeah thank you. love the podcast see ya look being competitive is is unfortunately a natural human animal. thing whatever so it's not like to. be competitive means you suck. or anything but exhibiting competitiveness. that especially like an over. competitive thing that sucks and it alienates. people like if you're playing i was playing risk. yeah the other day. with his friends and i was thinking wow. what if someone was like really compete. i would not want to. play but it was so fun. because no one was like that. cardboard yeah one more thing. i played an adult. baseball league right and obviously it didn't matter because what i just said it's an adult. baseball league and it's not major league baseball if it's not major league baseball doesn't matter exactly so i was pitching because i'm a pitcher i'm a lefty i'm very good at baseball and this uh we still live in the valley so like okay yeah 15 years 15 years ago yeah um and the there were two brothers on the team one was the catcher and one was the shortstop and they were like the best ones okay that's sad yeah and uh dude like we the at home played the opposing team somebody slid into. home plate and accidentally spiked the guy. the catcher and the catcher. comes in right before i go. out to pitch another inning and he says this guy's coming up. the guy that spiked me. hit him beat him. with the [ __ ] fastball and i just i paused for a second i was i was this is exactly. what happened he said hit him. like hit him with a fastball and i and i just no. yeah no because that like why. why would i do that. and why do you even. want me to. do that because he oh because he hurt. you yeah how did it hurt. you clean adam sandler. but that's okay hold on that's not. really competitive that is dude. that's even worse well. yeah but that's more like yeah. i guess you're right i guess. i mean i get i get the competition. yeah he got so upset. that it made him want. to actually hurt a person. that's crazy well that's really yeah. especially like he had already calmed down. from it also don't baseball. league not the mlb right. uh i don't i i don't think you should ever. be competitive in anything but business. business is cool like because you got to. be the best business you'd be competitive. with other businesses but like don't ask me. about my business i'm a business. man but if you are like competitive. in on anything like dude. what's up i was playing. what was it not frisbee. golf what's the one. ultimate frisbee okay and i was playing. just having a fun i mean. it's a frisbee thing and uh. one of the guys there. that i was in high school. one guys i was like yo chris. is actually way more fun. if you take it seriously. oh dude if you take anything. seriously that involves a frisbee. yeah well that's what i'm saying. i go i'm not gonna do that. man check it out i like the guy. a lot but like right. i'm still friends with him. it was tom cruise. it was tom yes he goes like this. if you take it seriously. and then he [ __ ] ran across the side. of the building with a with a [ __ ] bungee jumping on um so foreign yeah dude and it was just like it's like nah. i don't i don't have that. the only thing i think you should be competitive. with is if you could turn that on into. yourself be competitive with yourself. man well that's what i don't get even about business. like why do you want. to out do other business. no no no you're right except for some you know. sometimes in some business there's a there's like a uh it's a pie. you know it's like sure i can only spice. of the market exactly the slice the market i mean. not with a comedy or anything. like that right uh you know if you're a [ __ ] i don't know kleenex if you make butter in your lando. lakes yeah and then there's another butter. they start coming up on you and it's like you know yeah. anyway you like lando lakes. that's what i always had growing. up you know yeah that's what dad. would get i don't i tell you what i don't. like well i can't believe he's not. bother well it's not butter. i know it doesn't make butter. too also yeah i totally can believe it. of a dirty person's butt. can't believe it's not bother. spread remember it would do that. remember it was i can't. believe it's not butter and then it came out. with spread and they're like i can't. believe it's not bother. spread no dude it was i can't. believe it's not butter it's. spray it was the spray dude it was always spread that's disgusting. right dude that's disgusting. spray you're right there's no bother. a spray you can't believe it's not butter. and it's a spray yes you can believe it's not butter. because butter you don't spray. butter yeah i totally believe this. is not butter spread can't. believe it's no bother. shorts [laughter] did you know. that i said yeah oh okay. i can't believe it's not bother. transcendence you would say a spray. though i know just making stuff. up though now at this. point let's watch commercial said nowhere we go well that was quick she wanted to. jerking him off. but cholesterol took away. their passion until dressed like tupac where's the spray. can't believe it's no bother. dude let me tell you something. right now before you even play the next. one who who ever thought fabio. thought you know nobody dude. he's a chick but that's not even. the reason i know i know it's ridiculous. he is ridiculous looking man. his hair is gross. okay do you have this. one here we go. to her it could only be a fantasy. a lion so tasty. i can't believe it's not bothered it's great. i can't even talk dude. crazy dude without any fat or calories you i can't. believe it's not butter spray. it's not just a dream any longer. it says fantasies don't come true. dude that had to. do honestly 45 takes like they were like fabio. yeah no dude you're you're you. what i can't believe it's not spray. a butter fabio for you. you didn't even look in the camera. and smile believe i can't. spread butter fabio have you guys seen. the picture of him. getting hit in the face. of the bird yes sir. yes i have that is the fact. that that picture exists. honestly that was the first ai. there's no way that's real. that's unbelievable life is really good sometimes. pull it up sometimes life. is really good uh the the third. uh song by what's his name. he got [ __ ] up oh yeah yeah look how happy the blonde is you finally it. happened the blonde dude i believe it's a bird. i can't believe it's a bird. in my face it wasn't it. a goose yeah it was like i can't. believe it's not a bird. it was a goose yeah i can't. believe it's not a bird. it's a goose hey 57 he got hit you can't. believe it's not a bird. [ __ ] no no okay but let's not i mean you know what i mean. that's so rude everybody thinks he's not as ugly. he's so [ __ ] ugly so shitty you know. he's not ugly he's just the fact. that they marketed him. as that is hilarious. you know what he was he was the guy. in the romance night i know. that covers i know. that because i've read them. all okay well that's i used. to smash off to. the cover falsehood he's disgusting. and ugly you listening. you watching you're ugly how much. did he always sit like this. yeah cause you got hemorrhoids. you know i can't believe it's not. i can't believe it's not just ass. pain it's hemorrhoids. um all right so gross. right to the shot with the with. the [ __ ] thing in the background brick. shot like i had one. shot in there was from barry. lyndon you know what a dork. dude he says bird. linden of all the [ __ ] movies well the least known it's one of the best movies. ever made at least known uh life. get a brain stanley kubrick. movie of all time your life. get a brain all right. anyway next one all right we're taking a break. to tell you about next. evo i love it oh wow. chris loves it just saying. i love it i'm matt. and i love it uh wellness is more. than just about nutrition uh and exercise. it's physical it's mental. and you know what it's also emotional. so sleep uh stress management mindfulness. these are all important aspects of wellness. and next evo is really ma. if you want to. get the next level of wellness cbd can help. but your average cb day. cbd oil just is not going. to cut it next evo naturals developed. smart sorb technology clinically proven. to help your body absorb cbd four. times better than regular cbd oil. because oil just doesn't mix with your waterbased. body it works faster too so. when you need to. distress sleep better or recover. from an intense workout you. want to reach for a next. evo naturals capsules gummies mints. and topical creams yeah they even got that. so uh yeah vegan gmo free. glutenfree thc free capitals and gummies. dry from 100 u.s grown. hemp the website is a joy. to use and finding the product uh to. fit your needs would you say is fantastic. i would say it is. absolutely fantastic trouble sleeping feeling anxious. the cbd next evo really. really does help and i have problems. with both of those things. huh no big deal but thanks. next evo make cbd a part. of reaching your full potential. try next evo naturals capsules. gummies mints and topical creams with smart. sorb technology clinically proven to. be better absorbed by your body get 20. off your first order of 40. or more at next evo dot com. podcast and use promo code. lifeline that's 20 off. and n e x t e. v o dot com. slash podcast promo code lifeline. thanks guys logic. hey chris matt max. from victoria bc here yeah i love it. got a question for you guys. been hanging with the same girl for about sixish months. we were open oh boy. uh things were great we spend a lot. of time together we had great. communication we talked about everything. i went on a couple dates. she talked to a couple guys. but nothing worth risking what we had cool. it was amazing um really. like this girl okay okay last weekend. she went to a show. a music festival in seattle. with a guy that i knew about she went. for four days she [ __ ] this guy oh so mad about it oh sorry coming so mad about it dude. dude [ __ ] this guy his ass was clenched so hard it's been great you know it's been awesome. like we love each other and this. girl's [ __ ] amazing rather it's all been we all know about it you know she went to. seattle uh for a music. festival four days for this guy [ __ ] this guy um and you know it's all good knew it. was gonna happen all good. knew it knew it. saw it coming great. great so it's great. what if that was it no no question. sonny guys what do i do. tears come out all right. keep going uh she told me. it just happened i i don't believe. that i think it was a calculated move. oh my god this guy. she also told me she was going. to stay at the hotel. by herself she stayed there with him oh that's not good oh that's a lot she's allowed. to do all this because she is single she. is open but she lied. but she's lying to. me it's very interesting though. that's something i should be worried. about um we're not talking now. i uh told her i'm kind of done. for now i didn't react the. best i reacted more upset. than i should have because she is open. we are open she's allowed. to do what she wants but it. hurt me more than i thought of course apparently i like this. girl a lot yeah i could date. her in two seconds um i don't know. what to do do i just leave it. alone let her reach out she probably won't reach out. she's stubborn as hell yeah. you got to do. it um love you guys. so much really chris i've been a fan. for seven years you're the man. not you made chris better. hey you do you do you do uh okay. but but yeah you're gonna have to. do the reaching out she's not. if you blew up at her she has every right. to not reach out anyway. this guy's this guy's a cool. guy okay okay i just you know. okay could make fun of him. and i wanna yeah okay. okay okay so i got some myself. but uh you shouldn't have blown. up but it's okay because you got feelings. and everybody has feelings and we let them. get the best of us. sometimes you're right that she shouldn't have. lied you're right that you shouldn't have reacted the way. you did but you learned. something and that thing you learned. is that you like her. more than you realized just tell her. all of these things exactly and say look. i would love to. actually what i realized is that i actually. do want to. be in a relationship with you i want. to not be open. and my only thing is like we just need to. be honest yeah because if she told him. just that they were gonna stay. in the same hotel right. he might have realized he liked her. more than yeah by just thinking about that. right and they could have avoided all. of this to begin with which is. fine that you didn't avoid it. people [ __ ] people and it means nothing because like you guys could get together tomorrow. and be super [ __ ] happy yeah she never thinks about that guy again but like she lied. that wasn't cool you were blew. up that wasn't cool. just circle back around. who gives this [ __ ] you're not she's no pride involved. just [ __ ] who cares she started it oh wow i think you get to. be mad he gets to. be mad i don't know how everybody. was mad but okay look what i don't understand. is she was was the pretense that. she wasn't gonna [ __ ] him because if she's going with the guy anyway and he knew about it. even if she got separate. rooms you know they're gonna [ __ ] he said he knew or something like that right he said he like was feeling like he said he knew what was going to. happen right right right right. right right so it's confusing. because you're mad i i understand. you're you're upset that she lied. but also i feel like he's actually really upset. because he's been lying. to himself about how he's okay. with this open relationship and didn't say anything. before she went off yeah [ __ ] mr seattle. so my advice is look the reason. you say look the reason. why because this is what i think and this. is what i'm making up. i think i think that because uh you i think that i was pretending to. be okay with this and i realized that. i caught real hard feelings. for you um and this lie. made me blow up because i was acting mad. at the lie when i was in fact i should have been truthful. with myself and now i'm mad. that i said it was okay. for you to do. this with me because um i actually really like you and i want. to be exclusive with you and also with the way. you would set things up. you only had a right in your mind. to get mad at the things. she lied about which is why. it could very well be just misdirected. anger you could just be angry. that you didn't say something. earlier that you kind of shoved. your feelings down for the sake. of wanting to. have have it remain open. my point is you might be right. my point is who cares. yeah what the deal is now. right is that you realize now. that you like her a lot. more than you realized yeah. and that's fair wish you didn't blow. up at her for that. reason right and like let's try to. start something exclusive yeah i'm sorry. i yelled all i require really is but that's not even. i mean you should say it. but it's not like a crazy. requirement honesty is the bedrock. of honestly yeah any any good relationship. we've all [ __ ] not been honest at various times in our lives but like at least now you guys can start from somewhere really actually foundational and strong. here's another thing too when you're in an open. relationship with somebody why is it. important for you to. know oh is she staying with him. or not like that's what i'm saying. though it's misdirected yeah it's the only here's why it's the only thing she lied. about right so he needs. to be able to. get mad about that no i understand. that that's kind of a version. of what i was saying. but i'm saying when you're in a relationship. i think the rules. should be look you're gonna do you i'm gonna do me. yeah but not why are you asking so much. about it but that's the thing. it doesn't matter his point. is that it's if it's open. i i reserve the right. to ask whatever i want. you could still do it. yes right yes but so i'm saying i'm saying you kind of got yourself. in a corner here to. him right because but but he's not i get what you're saying. but you can have all kinds of open. relationships i think what you're saying is if you are in one you wouldn't want. to know anything because i know everyone but he is different. and i think a lot. of people would be like him. yes tell me exactly what you're doing. as long as i know what you're doing. then that's fine because you have assemblance of control. yeah i just feel like going. behind your back i understand. that except for the fact. that dude when you're like things. happen and when you're having sex. like it's the heat of the moment. and you know like what if one of the rules. was no bjs and then you're doing you're doing the girl. and the girl does it or the one. well that was one of the rules. i just wouldn't be in that. room i understand do a different one. do a different one. it's just like too it's too. hard to be like these are the rules. and then this it's like dude. you have a 150 000 rules. i think well what if this. is a woman drinking what. if this you know i know people who swear by it. but i just and it's i can only say. for myself open relationships sound like the worst. thing to me i'm. not saying everybody should just be monogamous. and settle down with a single partner. some people [ __ ] stay single whatever yeah date a lot. like go through many relationships i'm just. saying several partners several intimate. partners at once sounds like. just thinking about it gives me. anxiety [music] with seven different. women why do you say benito. when you're doing that you're singing. about a guy named benito. benito benito that's like when i do the the what's the song. these weak arms is. heavy a straw i don't. know oh yeah what's that. song called lose yourself. it's interesting you did it. once i didn't want you to. even do it that one. time but then you did it. again and i didn't extra. didn't want you to. do it the second time. you did it and now you're gonna do it. again do you know why. and now the most i don't want you. to let me tell you something. you know how you don't laugh. at that at all and you have a straight. face when you do it. when i do it yeah. you don't at all laugh. at it yeah i still look. in your eyes and i do it. yeah because you have a straight face i feel that. straight face and i turn it. on its ass but i'm not but i will tell you this. one i know you're not i know. you're not trying to. not yeah yeah no no. that's what i was gonna say. either and that pissed me off. that you okay i was really. gonna say i'm not like actively trying. to signal to. you that i'm not liking i know. that okay okay i know. don't point at me though. you got you're putting me when you're saying i'll put it back. here you're like doing like i got i got that. about you all right across. the line but you basically did and over here. now our voices are. raising and there's a reason for that. my voice is not racist. because it's getting very a lot. of things about lying. what you're doing a lot of lying. up right now no no i'm just exaggerating it. for effect but let me. tell what i'm saying is. the truth the reason why i can do this. stuff yeah looking right. at you why you're not laughing. the reason why i can do it. and still honestly feel okay. because i'm a [ __ ] soldier in these streets. and i'm really good at stand. up and i'm good at stand. up and when i bomb. it doesn't matter dude. because i know i'm true. and i know this shit's funny. so you can look at me. with straight face all you want dude. but i'll i'll tell you what i'll either. get you or i won't care. that i don't it's deeper. all right so yeah so do what we both. said anyway yeah yeah yeah yeah my hair my hair let me just murdered someone. yeah are you in trouble. we've been together for 15. years we have two sons together. um and we were all to. dinner the other day. and we were having a good. time i was just kidding. i was like do you still think i'm hot. oh boy and he was like i wouldn't say that. and he was like you're cute. like i think you're beautiful i think you're sexy. like you know when we do [ __ ] and he's like but i wouldn't say that you know you were caught why. i'm like okay weirdly caught my feelings. hurt because you're a [ __ ] cares like i know he loves me. he tells me no. no but in a way i was just like just a little high like this. if i didn't want the answer. right like do these words. even matter am i being narcissistic like who cares. but i just want to. know your opinion on that. like what is your take you. guys are [ __ ] aces thank you i love you so much seriously please. don't ever stop doing what you're doing. you guys keep me. sane throughout the week i look. forward to this point. we appreciate you okay. but let me just say something. hold on don't lie no. she is hot she's obviously hot. right so just say yes but what he i mean. i don't mean to. defend this guy but he's obviously looking at it. differently than us this. is the first time we've seen this. woman this guy's been with her. for 15 years he clearly feels. comfortable enough to. be like well you don't really like get me. going anymore but that's that's [ __ ] hell right. but that's what a heart. means right i mean obviously this. is such a nuanced conversation. you don't just say i wouldn't say. that the same thing as like do. i look fat in this. it's like the most obvious. don't say yes to. that yeah well yeah but also if my friend says do i look fat. in this yeah dan. comes up to you and says do i look found this. you say yes because even if even if he doesn't yeah. but my my what why my wife. if she said do i look fat. in this i know. i would say what would i say. or what about no that's this. is that's not better her. thing's better what if kristen. said do you still think i'm hot. well i would say yes but i do think she's hot. right and if you didn't think she was. hot i would i would say yes because thank you. that's my because i know she's hot. right okay but if you know that woman's out. then then this guy should obviously say. yes but that's what i said. in the beginning is that she is. hot he was he's with her. but your opinion of that. doesn't really matter because it's this. guy so so bottom line is no matter. what even if what we're saying is not true. you have to. lie that's what you're saying. uh yeah okay about that. you don't have to. be a liar but when you're at. when someone asks you point. blank that you're in a relationship. do you still think i'm hot. you don't say ah i still think you're cute. i mean what the [ __ ] is wrong. right but this okay this is advice. for the guy so we're saying with the advice. for the girl is here's the deal. wait here's what it seemed like she was. asking though is that am i right. or am i crazy to. feel a little hurt. by that yeah the answer. is no you're not crazy. at all because she said yeah no a [ __ ] no you're totally in the right. is my is my answer. to you but go ahead. um also here's the other thing. for the dude if she's like i can't. she i kind of jokingly just said like do. you still think i'm hot. dude kind of jokingly just say yeah. right you know what i'm saying. right right right yeah it's going. to world baby right. right just keep it in the same. tone right yeah you need a lot. of carbs no i think uh yeah. that's crazy you're totally right. to have your feelings a little bit. hurt don't let him like gaslight you about it. though if it actually hurt. your feelings then like you're allowed. to have your feelings hurt. yeah because i would imagine if you you're worried that. if you said it hurt. my feelings you'd be like no come on like that. you know maybe not let's take this. outside dude i think that um i think that these are. some of the best submissions. that we've ever gotten yeah. okay next yeah i do i think these are some of the best. submissions we've ever gotten like in a row. in one episode yeah these are good so much. pressure on the next one. so we'll see what happens. check this one out. okay dustin diamond is alive. uh colin because i got this issue. uh it's kind of a health issue. nothing serious well it could be serious. i quit smoking cigarettes like two. years ago it's been two years. since i've had a cigarette. yeah like you know i've had one. or two within those two years. just like a social like one or two. um so i can't say i've been clean. two years also i do vape kind of like the main topic. is i want to. quit vaping because i feel like cigarettes have been along. around long enough where people know what's wrong. yeah and like what it'll do. to you and then i feel like vaping is kind of like so new that. they're discovering all these terrible. things at first it was like i it. sounded like a healthy alternative sure get it. but now you know should i just stick. to the zaza like just straight up [ __ ] mary jane all the way yeah yeah looking like this all day that's been around for a long time too uh what do you guys think let me know before we even get into. the thing that you are a that's the worst. outfit i've ever seen on anyone. it look he looks like screech but a hippie hippie. screech dude it's the the the the the shirt isn't so bad but with the combo. yo bro it also looks like the sideburns. weren't a part of his head. or his hair wasn't a part. of his head what i'm saying. is the sidebirds didn't go with the hair. yeah separate of the headband. made it very confusing it. looks like the sideburns and the glasses. and the headbands were all together. and you put it on it. once yes yes yes there you go. and you're a bald. guy and you just put on your outfit. yeah all right so anyway. we got that out of the way. change it change no it's all. right it's fine we love. you bud do you have something say for real. no you go first you. had something okay yeah uh so is the thing. that you just need to. be smoking something because those three things are not similar. obviously cigarettes are similar. to vaping smoking weed. is not similar to. smoking cigarettes so is it. if but but what if you if you if what you are asking is it. is the same to. you what should you smoke. the answer is weed. yeah because you never heard of somebody. getting lung cancer right. for marijuana why because there's no [ __ ] taurine i think it could happen but and there's no poisonous chemicals. in it unless you've got some shitty. bag but if you're part. of the store you're not going to. get that so yeah if it's all the same. to you yeah just smoke. weed you don't vape and you know. don't smoke cigarettes and smoke. weed that's very very simple. yeah if that's the question. that's the answer yeah and and uh and and uh uh if you know. look if you're one of those guys that has to. smoke weed every day. then that's really annoying if you got to. smoke something all every day. then you got to. smoke weed all day. that sucks but also because of the smoke. no because it just is so annoying. when somebody's just high all. the time but also look at you. yeah he's high all the time. you smoke weed anyway. anyone's anyone who sees. you is gonna think you're you you. have weed in your pocket. or in your headband or in your body. yeah yeah and so you might as well smoke. it that'd be like if i dress. up as a ninja and someone's like oh my god help. those guys are beating me up. and i was just like oh man. sorry dude i don't know how to. do that everybody always thinks that be like but you're yeah. yeah but you're dressed up as a you have size and ninja. stars oh dude but your katana ah. is that what that is he's got weed. yeah you're already there you know. so smart i've gone through. phases where i was. high as [ __ ] every single day. how did it hard. and a mother for a couple. years where i was just blowing it. up okay hard in the [ __ ] what's that who's that. that's not a dog no. the other one was nate. dogg yeah small weed. every day higher than the [ __ ] is nate. dogg dead damn nate dead. no [ __ ] no no nate dogg was so ill. yeah i do not speak of him. that way you're making a joke. i know but he was dope. but nate dead [music] no. no no no dog oops. okay more what's up matt what's up. i'm in the angle falling. down so lately i've been going. to the beach and i've had people sit right. next to me no or directly in front of me. absolutely not um i don't know. why they have the entire beach. that's insane it's like i joined. a family does that bother. you and if you were to. say something what would you say. to them exactly what you said. um and also when i'm playing loud. music on speaker i know so you already said the right. thing this is a big. beach could you please sit somewhere. else or even why. are you sitting here this. is why are you trying. to make me uncomfortable. because the only thing that a sane. person here's here's why ultimately everyone. should know this is the wrong. thing to do but here's how we would know. if we didn't know already you would go. and you'd be about to. sit down and you'd think well i i even if i want to. sit right next to. that girl that's probably going to. make her really uncomfortable yeah. so with that line of thinking those people are bypassing. that thought and not caring. so ultimately they don't care if they're making you uncomfortable. therefore you can be as rude. as you want to. them because they don't give a [ __ ] that is true. but they do not care. about your level that's true. but it's not necessarily what the people. are thinking when they're sitting next to. her right and if they're not if they're not thinking that then they're [ __ ] crazy and be careful. so that's also not necessarily true. because there is one. more thing do you think there's either. there's one more possibility so what. what's a besides besides totally disrespectful. or crazy what else is there. the person that's like oh i like people she likes people let's let's join you know. that person that's the worst. of the bunch i mean that's a horrible. i don't know that's an annoying. person if that person exists. then that's even more dangerous. be careful because that's just wrong. to be that way. but here's the other thing. about life people gravitate towards people right. so if you're going to. the beach and it's like oh i would go separate. right yeah so would i and so whatever if it's a guy sitting next for you. you get why yeah but then that's just gonna make her. uncomfortable i understand that but guys are dumb. though and i guess what i'm saying. yeah yeah yeah that guy's dumb. but then also if you're going to. beach alone in a swimsuit. like that and i don't know. if she's the mayor of maysville but maybe she's the mayor. of naysville right naysville where did. that come from again. i don't know these means you know. i know what nays i've deduced what nays means. what the hell did we talk. we used to. do that right the mayor. of naysville you've that's something. you have said before. it's not you yeah it's quite brandon. goody dude oh yeah because it would say mayonnaise. and then we said the mayor. what's the mayonnaise thing. is that brandon goody yeah. i don't know dude he's your friend. i'm happy to do this. thing what's that stenones i don't know. that's him what's that. from was that john shara i can't. tell you i'll tell you after what. uh okay okay mayor of nashville. okay oh he knows yeah. dude it's private so anyway um so anyway if she's a mayor. of naysville and that. means you know what it. means by now uh then you get why the guys want. to sit next to. her but here's what you do. cute though too like it. doesn't we don't need it. i'm joking joking her. face is great we don't know. about anything better faces only ever faced anyway dude. we're getting the canton today deep seas here. but what what what we're what we're what you can. do is when they uh when they you stay. till they leave when they leave you walk. with them and get in their car. yeah and when they say what. are you doing you say well. obviously we're family santa claus. yeah the whole beach oh. i mean coming i have a good. idea though for real. it's a little bit it's the same. idea but you follow them. in their car see what car. they're getting into get in your car. follow them follow them home sneak. in behind them as they open. the door with their key. wait in another room until they get in bed. and then get in bed. with them i mean and say when they act weird. say oh i'm sorry i thought we were married. because only married people sit this close together. wow such a drawn out. good night my sweetheart. good night my sweet. husband but they're gonna like it dude. yeah true yeah yeah so yeah so we'll take it. back i take it back. yeah if it's a woman though. you can do that yeah uh i think that that's very. annoying yeah i think i i do kind of feel like a beach. is a place where you bring a. a boombox kind of scenario. stereo too but i also think it's very annoying. if the she's saying what about people. who bring their music. she had music oh well she's about she's playing loud. music and they still come yes. this is what she's saying oh well right. i mean no i thought that. she was like also what about. this oh either way. either way you bring your your your your your [ __ ] bose pill. whatever the [ __ ] beat pill is. and you play it to. where it's not crazy loud. if you're around people and uh and if you play any louder than that. he pays right maybe bring something. that smells really bad do. something that's like rude. i want you to. be rude i don't usually. recommend rudeness but like that. is such a nono. that is like there are certain things. that just are so blatantly breaking. the social contract that. we all silently agree to. when we got in into. the world that's one. of them so i want you to. be rude i want you to. bring like a stink. bomb or or something. that will take bombing. yeah something something really bad. and just naughty be naughty. remember the stink bombs. they were so bad we just throw them. and they break remember the itchy. stuff itchy powder oh yeah. on your back and you were like also to. vince brown i pretended that. uh uh cody's dog food. was beef jerky and it didn't go. that well because he ate it. and he was just like is this. dog food and i was like yeah. dude he's like your name was vince braun. that's a pretty balliness that'd be. like if your name was kevin macon that's uh oh i didn't even think about that. wow wow wow wow because you know him very well and i don't yeah right. right right my name is tom booze. right right right right you know. nicholas rage yeah vincent tenafrio brad wow now we have to. definitely bleep that out also when you. said and please no and bleep that. one out french do we have another. one or what kenny g. hey matt and chris uh hannah. here calling in just with a small. advice question basically i have always wanted. to vlog i know. it's a cringe no no. no but i've been scared. too because i'm shy. and a little bit awkward. but um a lot of my close. friends say that i should just do it. for me have fun like whatever. it doesn't matter what other people think. like kind of block the negativity. um spin movement mentality i guess. but i just wanted to. know like should i do it. um i'm not trying to. gain anything financially out of it. i have a job but i guess i don't know if i should face my fear or if because there's just so much content out there like why even bother. yeah but that's um yeah so just want to. know what you guys think. love the show uh love tuning in so. thank you thank you two. things i'll go first. before you even said anything. about vlogging or putting yourself. out there i was thinking you have a very like listenable. voice and so to. answer i think that speaks to. your question which is that if you're gonna have a vlog. i think that would be a good. thing because your voice is a good one. go ahead i mean look i don't know. what kind of vlog she. wants to do but he she's a very sweet. person a very likable. person you know and her nails. are sick yeah like she's got i mean. dude anyone can have a vlog. but here's the thing dude. you saying well everyone does it. everyone has a content out there. that's defeatist you don't drop that. immediately because if you want to. do it you should do. it yes and you're not you this. is like a thing i'm shy. but this is going to. help you if you're shy. it's gonna help you put it out. there also here's the other thing. too here's something you couldn't do. you could do one upload. it and and and either have a private link. or or you know send it. to friends or you can just put one out. there and put it up. and see what happens. and um here's another thing. you can do you can put one up and never check the comments. which is very hard to. do or view count or view. count but you just put it up. why do you want to. do it right you know. ask yourself why you want to. do it here's you don't want. to get anything financial here's the other thing. though and it's true. that there's so much content. and so much of it. is drivel and most of it. is just noise but think about this. what if your favorite podcast. or whatever vlog i don't. know think about like your favorite. thing that you listen. to or watch online what if those people were like oh there's too much. there's too much stuff. out there i don't really want to. do it that would you would you personally. would suffer that bad decision. so think of it that way. yeah what if we didn't do this. podcast because we thought that then you would be sadder right. right right right she wouldn't care. if like you didn't do congratulations. this one would make her really sad. because this one's good well. that's very rude my [ __ ] is popping. though a dad um you're a very sweet. person you should start you should start. the vlog there's what's the harm. in it yeah what's the harm. in it she's shy. she's she's insecure she thinks she's gonna like be stupid. or feel stupid but whatever but that's the take yeah. the only way you're gonna get over that. anyway is to just do. that because like there's no way. around it you got to. go through it yeah and you want to. get rid of that fear. anyway so if for no other reason. to get over the fear that you have yeah. you should do it if you're not growing. you're dying and if you're not doing this. you're not growing so don't die. well doctor okay no i just feel like you should do. it yeah and also it's like she's immediately. likable yeah you know. so like it's you know i thought that before. you but yeah oh okay. well so i thought she was like a little before you. thought she was like that's fine. so what my point is. that i'm a bigger fan. of hers than you are. she's got nice hair kenny g [ __ ] nice kenny g. hair she definitely puts. kenny g to. shame yeah well now at this. point and also she's not. gonna go but i mean is he bald. well yeah i think he's receding. oh he's going back there. no and then he says what i said. kenny going going gone is it he looks like the guy. in color me bad. and i dare anyone to. try to prove me otherwise. i dare anyone to. try to prove to. me that's a guy yes it's going. backwards but uncle denny dude. that guy kenny g well. no not the black black guy. i'm saying even the white guy. doesn't look anything like him. the white guys kenny g. did you say uncle denny. uncle denny looks like kenny g. he doesn't look like him. in that picture but the simple. fact that you said which guy that's how much he does. it looks like you're dumb. but that's how much okay stop clicking on that. one though you know yeah kenny g. is a pimp though. dude i guess man. i mean like i don't how would i know. can you do the poop no don't. do that how would you know. kenny g's a pimp how would you know. kenny g is anything. honestly even a good food. i'll tell you why i'll tell you why. what i think people like michael bolton people used. to make fun of kenny g yeah. and kenny g plowed right. through it and was like i do not give a [ __ ] okay that's good yes and he didn't change his style he didn't change the kind of music. he plays he didn't change. his hair michael bolton was like i'm gonna cut my hair. and then start making fun of myself. [ __ ] that dude it's true he's a real jeep he's a real kenny g. more gangster michael bolton is what. he is yeah kind of gangster. yeah because kenny g was. like you're gonna keep making fun. of me that's cool. yeah [music] [music] it's george. michael but that's george no no. kg does that for sure. he plays carlos he covers. that for sure well i mean. he covers everything i mean. he should but no plow. that's pour some sugar. on me oh wow. okay hey he doesn't do that. just the lyrics you know. yeah no doubt i mean that. does not surprise me. at all yeah but that's cool. uh yeah kenny g. is the original [ __ ] careless whisperer. so loud you know i couldn't care. about this whisper if you talk louder maybe i'll care about it. so bad ghost whisper is a really good. song dude george michael very good dude. yeah rest in peace. dog are just in heaven. well i mean nate's dog's like not. hanging out with them because you know nate. dogg is not down with that. gay [ __ ] but i'm just saying this. is for you george i got this. for you for all you [ __ ] george michael fans. out there who are from bathrooms door. open or whatever you did. that yeah was not what he did. he got arrested for jerking. off now dave was one. of the guys what's happening. what was that what was that. what was it take on there's different. ways to do it. you ever watch that [ __ ] no not that i go on foreign. [applause] why is it. so [ __ ] wrong what's with the air. you're not even coming to. the area plan on it. what if what if you died. right after this right. now and this was the last thing. you ever did i get a car. wreck this is the last bit. of comedy i ever did. oh [ __ ] oh wow plan on and on and on maybe a pizza making a pizza this is the best. this is the best podcast. what the [ __ ] [ __ ] goddamn dude this is the best podcast. man i don't these [ __ ] idiots out there with podcasts this one's the best you know it's funny because last episode you literally said it's the worst podcast. but [ __ ] it fluctuating feelings. if you wanted one advice session. with me your boy. baby baby go to. krista dot com get your tickets. i'm going to be in austin. i'm going to be in uh uh austin. i'm gonna be in uh all these places. man it's gonna be crazy. man oh wow doing my special he's directing it. so come on out dude. um and also where else am i. gonna be i don't even. know dude you got a question. check the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com you want that. life on merch go to. lifelinemerch dot com i'm so tired. after laughing so hard. like you too oh man. hello hello [music] 