 [music] runk what's up. guys i'm in irvine this. weekend irvine california i'm in irvine. i'll be there really soon. and de moine green. bay uh and then i go to. australia so go get your ticket. to chris dot com. oh and i keep forgetting. new zealand new zealand and then. back in la i'll be in oxnard california. so go to chris dot com. before they sell out appreciate you. and now the next episode. of congratulations [music] crazy. [music] conat i went to. i was dude i flew back. just right now i just got here so yo. hey dude check it out i'm tired. by the way uh if you want to. get the patreon patreon dot com. christalia you get all the extra. episodes that are unlocked when you sign. up and there's the episode with brian. ken on there uh we have a good time. you know um but uh yeah and you support. the show this show wouldn't exist. without you but um it exists. because of you and me too mostly. because of well yeah no i don't know. if i would do this. if it wasn't for you guys. i'm not sure i don't i don't know. if i would it's just talking really. if nobody's listening but i do like to. talk and my son likes to. talk and uh i wonder if my other son would like to. talk when he gets older. we'll see right now his words. are da which means uh uh car and then he and then da. and that means dog so he says two words. but they're both the same. word and whenever he sees. a car he goes da. um but it was cool. i got home today and he was like excited. to see me it's cool. he's 13 months and it's it's finally like he's like oh yeah. dad you know dad's here. um i was in two different. places uh chattanooga which is. all right it's cute i. mean i feel like it's all right. there they had like a few good. blocks and then west virginia charleston west virginia. which is definitely the worst. charleston probably there's too many. charleston uh but that's one of them. and it was fine. i went there my buddy. hit me up ryan. dorsy who's on yellowstone he's on a bunch of stuff. he's an actor he's like dude. i moved out here two. years ago i was like what. i didn't know that and he's like i want. to come to the show. so i was like okay. come and he came the show it's cool. to see him he's a great. actor uh look him up but yeah uh i oh and then i got back. and um you know whenever you there's two. flights that if you take to. la there's always going to. be famous people on them. uh and one is from atlanta. the other one is from vancouver. it there's always going to. be the guy where you look. and you go oh what's this. guy from and most of the time. that's probably me to. people but uh today but i have to. do that to too i do. that to people too so i say oh. who's this guy and another guy from yellowstone dude. it's a yellowstone week a yellowstone week. and it was ian. bowen i think his name. is bowen um anyway so yeah dude. just a bunch of a bunch of fraking. celebs on the plane you. know we got you' got places. to go does anybody listen. to cele celebs anymore. you know like i see these videos and stuff. of like celebrities and black and white talking. about how they need use you need to. use your voice and how how it's you know. i pledge to. do this and are they do do do people listen. to them anymore i don't think they do. right i don't think really people care. about a celebrity on youtube. you know what i'm talking. about or like you know. back when there wasn't the internet. and harrison ford would. show up you know on a commercial. in between 60 minutes and current affair. you'd pay attention to. them because you're like oh what the f. what harrison ford doing. in this commercial what's going on here. bruce willis what's he. talking about hey what the heck. but now it's like i have to. listen to uh gal gdau uh someone's going. to send me a link. to gal gdau telling me. about racism you know. and you just go nah. nah you know because it's because why. you know why why like i was looking at uh. jayo and ben affleck. they or if you're a guy that wants. to piss me off. call him ben affleck. you know but ben affleck. and j jenifer lopez broke up. and ben affleck just looks hey how about any picture. you've ever seen of ben affleck. this is him just here any picture. of ben affleck is just you. ever see him close. the door when when he let jlo. in the car and he just goes and he turns. around he's just like dude. ben affleck got that big. ass dragon tattoo you know he got that. when he was just like all right. you know what [ __ ] i'm getting. the dragon tattoo dude i love ben affleck. i think he's so topnotch and here's what i think. about ben affleck. he's too good to. be a celebrity he needs. to stop being you can't though. that's the thing right. no matter where he moves. he's going to be a celebrity. that guy needs to. no i don't know anything. about him we've com we've we've we've uh um connected one. time and it was over. instagram when he when he used to. have instagram i don't think he has anymore. but uh we wrote each other. which was he's all i love. him but i don't don't know. anything about him okay and he just i i i want. the best for him do you know. what i mean like and it seems like he's just like getting. rail dude look here he was batman. he directed didn't he win. an oscar you know. for directing didn't didn't he i don't know whatever. he was nominated uh he was in one. of the greatest things ever written. right goodwill hunting he wrote. it with matt damon and he's just getting. railed you know because of a woman. and here's the deal. jlo i you know who who i want to. know something who likes jlo. like who who's a person that. you know think of a person you know. that's like dude gotta see that. jlo movie or oh oh [ __ ] man you know barring yeah oh love don't cost. the thing you know yeah. yeah okay we like that. stuff that that that idiotic. one with jw rule you know. your hair your eyes your i mean you know whatever. that one your mouth your [ __ ] i can't what. is it the way. you move your hair your eyes. your [ __ ] h i'm real. i'm real everyone's real and so um i love how i love how latinos and latinas are [ __ ] obsessed with keeping it so goddamn real. and being real and being from the place. that they're from and never and you can't. take where they're from out. of them you know like jenny from the block. dude she's not jenny from the block. anymore hey jen hey jenny you've been a millionaire. famous person longer than you've been poor. you're not from the block. anymore you're from the gated community. dude you're jenny from the can g community. you're jenny from the culde you're jenny from one. of my houses you know. i'm still i'm still jenny from one. of my houses used to. have a little now i have a lot. had a lot more than i've had. a little had a lot. for three decades in one of my house. in one of my houses. i'm still jenny and i'm jenny and i call this. sec jenny in the jenny in the gated community. that's three houses and that's only about 10% of my houses. dude like what i don't understand. what the whole keeping it. real thing is hey dude you can't. take the the the neighborhood out of me. though when i'm just a normal. guy dude [ __ ] that dude the second i'm in a movie like atlas okay the second i i i you know i i i signed some deal. now look i obviously have money. but if i had the second i go i get [ __ ] you wipe my ass. money dude i'm not real. anymore i'm not people go. like this hey chris aren't you from new. jersey i go like this. where's that is it newer than old. jersey like i'm just i want. to be so disconnected and i'm dead. serious dude you're not going to. see me and if you do i go. like this who when when you talk to. me and we've had multiple conversations. in my past i go who are you. i am not i'm chris from outer space. that's who i am i i am not. here i'm not here do you understand. these stars that are just yeah. dude 10 things that you wouldn't. know about you know 10 things. that you wouldn't know about. you and mcgregor he loves his coffee. he you know he picks up. his daughter from school. you know mean it's like oh dude. stars are just like us. yeah not me bro. i i understand some people think i'm a celebrity. i should be doing some real. different [ __ ] already but when i get to. that wipe my ass money. dude i'm chris from outer space. bro period mebor mbop. if you want to. talk to me meb m boop. what's a sandwich sorry sorry i used. usually call it a you know. a meat borp i don't like when stars are. just trying to. hey dude i don't know how they don't lose. their [ __ ] minds i mean they do lose their minds. like jennifer lope like i saw the movie atlas. atlas is the first atlas. is a movie about ai. taking over the world in a way. that they hadn't done yet. right like in a way. that they haven't made this movie yet. like they've made a lot of movies. where artificial intelligence kind. of like is a a problem. or a threat but they they they they made it this. movie artificial intelligence is now. a race of people and they take over. the world and dude. the movie i watched it. on a sprinter van from chattanooga. to charleston west virginia and that's how you should watch that. movie okay cuz if you're sitting down watching a movie like here we go. and you're comfortable you're going. to it now here's the deal. about the movie atlas. not only is it the [ __ ] a different take on the ai stuff. it seems like it's the first movie. completely made by ai like i don't even believe that. the guy from the 10. rings marvel movie was really. in it like i think that they just manufactured him. through a different algorithms. and ones and zeros and [ __ ] it's the movie is so good to. watch on a sprinter from chattanooga. to ch that's the the thing. crystalia raves atlas so good to. watch if you're in a sprinter van. from 2018 watching it. from chat on your eight hour. drive from chattanooga to. charleston west virginia the best movie. i've seen in the sprinter driving. on the east coast. for over five hours and then dude. yo i'll tell you what man. watched that bad guess. what i did after that people went. to sleep in the sprinter. van not me i watched. the amazing spiderman 2 dude. and guess what didn't see amazing. spiderman 1 dude. now who's chris from the who keeps it. [ __ ] that's watching part. two amazing spiderman part two. is the biggest [ __ ] you to. the marvel universe dude. and i watched it and didn't watch the first. one dude that's the biggest [ __ ] you to. the marvel universe since morbius. and i tell you what was that. dc m web. whatever um i watched. i watched the second one. dude here's an even bigger [ __ ] you after the second one was over turned. on the first [music]. one i watched him in reverse. dude because [ __ ] you you can't tell me that it the movie is not momento it's momento if i want it to. be and and i had never seen andrew garfield play. spiderman so i watch number. two and then i watch number. one dude and that that is what makes me. chris from outer space because i i i dude. i'm not going to. watch the movies the way. you tell me to. watch them i going to. watch i want to. watch him and i did it. that way and it was [ __ ] cool. all right now it was fine. i don't really you know. it was fine and uh but that's what i did. i watched atlas spider amazing. spiderman 2 and then amazing. spiderman dude how crazy they didn't make amazing. spiderman 3 because of the sony. hack you know that that they they. sony hack their emails and they go. like this all right. we're not doing spiderman 3 [ __ ] it what were in those. emails dude what did we not see. in those emails um but yeah anyway andrew garfield he's a good actor man. he's a good actor um. you know i guess we're on a movie. thing here but you know. i did watch other movies. i guess i got i just realized my life. is just like kind of like it's it's really. boring my life isn't boring. the road can be boring. but it's not the kind of boring. where i'm like this is horrible. i love it you know. what i'm saying like i i'm down. for boring i'm down with boring. i really am my favorite. movies of all time. are boring okay and then i like and then heat is in there. too but like that's not boring. but i'm chill with boring. and i i go my son. said the other day. i'm boring and he meant. bored it was really funny. but um i'm just so boring. i was like no bet. calvin you're bored i don't think you're boring. you're not boring at all. um anyway i watched uh anyway i yeah i was just chilling. in my hotel room just just bored. as [ __ ] and then uh uh but cool with it you know i really zone out on these flights man. i just zone out on these flights some guy. uh i was in chat. n and i go and i say i get to. the the hotel and there's a for some reason. my sam the videographer guy that. i bring my my friend he's just like dude. you like pete's coffee. i'm like yeah like they have pete's. coffee down the road i was like oh cool. he's like they also have a coffee. shop in the lobby i was like oh that's cool. he's like and there's another coffee. shop too like three blocks away. i'm like yeah bro just stop talking about. coffee you know. and then um um i go to. the one in the lobby. there's nobody there okay so i'm like waiting. the guy comes over he's like i'll be right. there i was like okay cool. he comes over he says all right. what do you what do. you what do you have okay. first of all he's um not white. i don't know what he is. but he's not white um and he's smaller. he's small and he has braces. okay and a beard like a goatee or something. and he says um hey what can i get you. and i say can i get four. shots over uh ice or just can i get a quad. shot and he says oh actually i speak english. and i was like yeah i i didn't think you didn't uh. quad shot quad shot's. just kind of what you call. it and he was like oh okay my bad. i was like yeah yeah yeah it's all good. so you made it and then brought it to. me and said hey uh here you go. have a good day. and i said gracias. and then he didn't get [music]. it so that was a [ __ ] just a failure. you know what i mean. just a straight up failure. dude the whole thing you know. when you have an an interaction. with someone and you're just like oh god. what the [ __ ] dude you know i i i wish those things. don't happen but i guess. it's funny that they do. and it's like what's going. on man everyone's so weird. can i get a quad. shot actually man. i speak english oh yeah. good because that's the only thing that i'm speaking. and the only thing that i know. how to speak yeah mean. just so ready just so on tilt. about it like oh the white. man's going to try. and speak spanish to. me huh quad cuz i said quad. eh english um can i get a it's not like i looked at him i said can i get quro shots of a cafe. actually i speak english that's how i think that honestly. latino should should react to. to people who do that. though i don't like it when it's so white. lady to be like graas you know. that's cultural appropriation i. don't believe in cultural appropriation. but that is some [ __ ] frumpy white mom that's like 45 with like a um a mart or um what do you call it who cares and she's drinking it. and she's just like gracias. that's you deserve to. be locked up for that. not for long for like an hour. um but yeah dude. dude i'm going to. do a hot take here comes. hot take chris dude. nobody believes me nobody agrees. with me but bro i listened to. two hours of ai. music and whenever someone say says what kind of music. you listen to. from now on i'm going. to say ai music. because it's better than real. music dude yeah i said it. i know it sucks but i said it. and i meant it because ai music. really hits dude i mean. okay i get it it's no. tracy chapman fast car but bro. like that's a real poignant beautiful. song but how many beautiful awesome. great songs are there. that you know that i truly think are really great. you know you know there's probably hundreds but ai. music just started and it's already. catchy like bro and the comedy. of it the median of ai. music is way better than the median. of reg music [ __ ] fight with me. dude i'll die on that. hill the m the average ai. song is better than the average. regular music prove me wrong. dude i'm telling you it. is you can just be like 1950s. ai singing about a breakup and you just get some guy. far away from the microphone. you know how they always far. away from the microphone and [ __ ] in the in the 1950s like no sounded like this they were just like hey we going to. it's just so far away and [ __ ] and um yeah bro. it's too funny man. i listened to. it over and over again. it's the kind of guy i am. man i think ai. music here's why i think it's good. because the songs there's so many songs. okay there's too many. songs uh and by the way. i want to. talk about standup after this standup. res uh there's too many. songs okay ai goes. into the song database. and goes like this let's get what we need now. that's dope that's how like my wife. goes to the supermarket you know. i don't go to. the supermarket like that i go. oh uh i'm going to. go to supermarket and see what's up. you know my wife is like what. are you doing come here. we need this okay. hey babe can you go get the eggs. and i go like this. does the supermarket have eggs i don't. know all right that's that's how it is um but ai music. just goes in and is a female in a grocery. store just scooping up what they me. need and they and then you're set dude. right you're set the meal. is presented in music. form from all of the songs that it needs it's not some jackass that's singing at a coffee shop on a monday at 6:00 p.m. in arlington you know what i mean the cranberry and people just want to. eat their [ __ ] you know uh tuna melt and and and and and and and vanilla latte. and and i got to. hear some guy right. ai they go like this. ai hears that song and they go we don't need any of that. we don't need that. [ __ ] what did you want me to. do what genre did you. want country female 1987 gotcha what's it about a car dunzo. it doesn't pick from that. [ __ ] i love it i i love it dude because it's got the added. value to of it. being funny so go [ __ ] yourself here's the other thing. uh that i wanted to. talk about which i forgot. about but then i i i remember mid talking about that. there's officially too much. standup online okay it's too much. if you want i think if you want to. i'm so sick of these. reals dude that people post. and they're their dog they dog. [ __ ] and and and hey hey hey try harder hey hey do stand up for longer and then post dude you're your own channel. you're basically comedy central. they wouldn't let you on so don't put it on yours. hey if you've done standup. for three years get offline or promote. your day job because when you get on stage. and you do stand. up in an open. mic with a guitar. in arlington on monday at 6. pm after a guy singing. a cover of cranberries it's going. to be dog [ __ ] all right so here's the here's the you know a lot of times like yeah chris you complain a lot but you know you you complain about the problem but you don't ever have any solutions. dude i got the solution. permits you need from now. on you [ __ ] need a permit to. to post a real doing standup. comedy all right and there's a committee there's a committee and it decd if youst it or not it. doesn't even have to. be rip roar and funny. it's very easy to. get the permit it's very easy. to get the permit like if you're a touring comedian. if you sell any tickets. you get the permit right. but you can't you can't get the permit if you just went. up and happen to. record your set at 6: pm. on a monday in arlington virginia. going on after a guy did his cover. of zombie from the cranberries okay. because it's you know why. though it's dog [ __ ] d do they can you hear can you hear look and i get it look oh yeah the the professional comedian who goes out yeah he keeps his seats warm. oh not too warm though. cuz they stand sometimes. when they're [ __ ] cla but you know he's talking [ __ ] yeah dude yeah i wish somebody would tell me that if i was that so i'm telling you that okay you can make it just wait a little bit dude people saw matt r and they were like oh he's young i could do it he had been doing it for 10 years and he's good at it all right oh i might too much you know permits i think is the way to. go there's a committee and and and honestly. every job has it you can't post [ __ ] online unless you got a permit about your job. unless you got a permit about the job. to post online like if you're a roofer you know you dude if i wanted to. right now i could start a roofing. page and just be like here's how you roof. a house you get some sand bubblegum and milk. and you get up there. and and like idiots would just be like oh okay. i guess you know i heard this. guy online he was talking about how you need milk. and sand and a gum is. that right i don't know. and and and and and then i could like it. everyone's just [ __ ] up rofes because i have a following but you need a permit you need a roofing. social media committee that is in charge of this. and you need to. you know i i guess you don't need to. renew it every year. but you need to. at least get it and i can't get it. if i want to. post about roofing this how you roof. a house no dude. i post it and then immediately. it gets flagged hey actually this. content you cannot post you have. been rejected by the uh roofing social media. committee your per you do. not have your permit your permit. expire you didn't get it. you know whatever it is just do standup. clips that's what you do. you're all good with the community. it's just so crazy you know. and then you get into. you get into the fitness. people right you get it. to people telling you trash. diet stuff you know they can't do that. you got the permit you. need the you need the committee all right. whatever i i think that's how you do it. and i think that's good. and i don't know who's going. to pay for it. but that's what it should be. i mean these reals are. out of out out of hey where you from and what do you do. for oh what the heck. look at this guy what the look. at this guy what's he doing. he does what for living. okay man why did it. take you a long time. to say [music]. that let's take a break. and talk about ship station. uh you know when we first started. this co uh podcast we had some stuff. to figure out uh about with you. know with our workflow and all that. and uh it was hard. but you work at it. you make some things better and boom. all of a sudden before. you know you're off to. the races if you run. an ecommerce business you have to. improve certain parts of your workflow. ship station is the multicarrier shipping. solution that integrates wherever you. sell online uh and when you optimize. your shipping process and connect. to a network of expert. partners you reclaim valuable time. for what truly matters. and that's growing your business. obviously all right just don't lose. sight of that it's very easy. to lose sight of ship station. comes in here swoops. in to help you merch. is merch is an important. part of uh our brand here. and ship station uh helps me. with that big time uh they uh they uh they're great. uh e they've got an easy. to ouse dashboard makes managing orders smooth. label printing reporting and customer service easy you can scale your business and reduce warehouse costs with ship stations reliable enterprise solutions you save thousands on shipping costs and listen over 130,000 companies have grown their ecommerce business businesses with ship station and here's the thing dude okay 98% of the companies that stick with ship station for a year become customers for life so the proof is in the pudding uh work less and ship more with ship station the innovative tool that helps turn your shipping challenges into. opportunities for growth go. to shipstation dot com and use code. congrats to sign up for your free. 60day trial that's shipstation. dot com congrats [music] crazy. did i did see do. two though i wish just for once. they'd make one of these badass. sequels and instead of the number two they had 20. you know what i'm saying dune. to like also dune. why the [ __ ] is it called dune. dude he says it once. for no reason too timothy sport. just like he's in the middle. of talking doing the [ __ ] hearkening language. and he just then all of a sudden. he's just like dune. you doing hey uh that movie. i watched on the plane. there hasn't been a bigger [ __ ] you to. a franchise since i watched. amazing spiderman 2 before i. watched amazing spiderman from chattanooga. to [music] charleston so i watched. dune on the plane seen. dune one dune one to. me was a cologne. commercial thank you very much. nice to meet you uh then. didn't dune two came out guess what i did. i go like this i go i go oh forgot. dun one here's the deal. if i i i don't know what's up. i need more g boba. i don't understand my memory. is just goes i with the new binge way. you know i know it's been b. for like five 10 years. now i don't know you your show. came out a week ago. and then you want to. me to follow up the second episode. a week later hey dude. good luck i don't remember okay. i got kids and stuff. i was thinking about but like dune. 2 came out i i i i turn it. on i go i go like and i'm already. lost dude they they're like starting. talking about the spices. i'm like oh yeah oh yeah spice the spice. is like the the thing that is like the gold. for them right like that's why. they make their okay and then they got what i want. to know is like when they make a movie this. they make movies where like you they have like a race. of people that don't exist. in real life but like you know. like they're either an alien race. or you know whatever. it is or the or is that jerky. movie with [ __ ] john travolta where they did it. and uh was it harry bellonte where they switched. races and [ __ ] the white was a black and black was a white i can't remember that movie but what was it called anyway. um they'll make a movie with like a race. of of thing people or aliens. or whatever the [ __ ] and then they'll like do a uh language. for it you know and it's like don't don't do that. you know like just have them just speak english. you might as well dude. right they already look. weird they got heads of hammerhead sharks or whatever you know. it's like you don't need all. of this it's so weird. anyway and the the whole thing is sand and then there's worms underground. that can eat you that. you can ride and and like spaceships and and and like helicopters. that that do like this. like flies and then and then that's enough. now i got to. read the [ __ ] screen because you just chose that on one planet they speak english and on another planet they speak harkening and heart and now the actors are just like and and now i okay oh oh that's a different lang. not going to read. just make him speak english. i don't give a [ __ ] make him speak english. they already look weird. as [ __ ] and they use uh uh uh dragonfly helicopters everything's different don't make me read. the screen okay so there. that's one thing then you know. because i can just see these actors and actresses and these directors and the writers like you. know they don't just say hey just do jber. which is what they for sure. should do but there's so many bad. actors that they wouldn't be able. to do it right. like i could do it. if i was one of these guys. and they were like we're just going. to do gibberish we'll dub it. in later but this is what you say. and then make it gibberish i could do that. i could kill it. i could go up there. and like and they'd be like oh did he learn. a language like it sounds like a language. you know and it's not but cuz i'm a good. actor all right now you get me. across from like reese. witherspoon she's [ __ ] she's [ __ ] right and i'm not saying she's a bad actor she just can't do that you know what i'm saying you get me across from uh aaron eart he's [ __ ] dude you think aron eart could just be like he can't do it he's [ __ ] dude right so so they're not doing that but so they're creating at least kind of a language which is like you know dorks just [ __ ] all over you know like well it's actually not true harkening if you think about it cuz in the book it's like and it's like it's so they got to. learn syllables so like you're you're your javier. bardem learning a language. phonetically and it's like dude. it's so wacky bro. i i just don't i i can't. i can't even i can't. even understand the wackiness dude. i it's good i'm out i'm out. it's good i'm out if i'm on one. of those sets and they go well. chris four weeks you got four. weeks to learn. the the thing we got we got uh linguistics for 4. weeks you got to. show up we're going a bunch of the actors are gone. and you got to. go with aaron eart and reese. withers sp i go. oh for [ __ ] sake dude you know like i don't even even like even the war. stuff that they do like they always make like when you do a war. movie they always make like they go like well we got boot camp. for you know my buddy. did it one of the the pacific. and he had to. go to like boot camp. for for four weeks and it's like dude. go [ __ ] yourself just give me a gun i can act like i'm in a a [ __ ] getting shot at you know i don't need you don't need me to. actually be going dude acting is too. easy and it's don't make it harder. than it is half the people. are bad in it. anyway you know i get it. if you have to. do like sword fighting or something. of course you know. you need to. learn how to do that stuff. yeah need to. make my own hollywood whatever. at least it's 900° in here. but yeah so my dune. 2 was the bad guys. are great and the fight. scenes are great and anytime it's not one. of those things on screen. i go like this i gotta watch zen. i gotta watch zenia and timothy bor lay together. like dude i don't i i just i i don't know man. remember movie stars they used. to be like [ __ ] the [ __ ] i'm just old i'm just an old guy bro my uncle always says always like talks about um like death and like um things that are like you know like hey don't ever get near a kangaroo like he'll be like that you be like what like they they'll rip your face right off and you're just like oh really yeah oh yeah i heard they box like oh that that's that's that's that's a fallacy they'll just rip your face off and [ __ ] you and you're just like oh okay um we're at a bar mitzvah you know and um but that's what my uncle does and i there was a a i i know this happened a while ago actually let me get the link here it's in my text i think yeah definitely is my text um i sent it to. my family where is it. whole family come on come. on come on come on oh. yeah i'm i'm going to. be an irvine this. weekend get ticket to. crystal dot com where the [ __ ] is it i just had it here it is um so i sent hey uncle mike you have an instagram account. and i sent him this. because it was a joke. because the the post was literally. it said the heartbreaking story of sandra. harold the owner of the chimp. who ripped off charl and nash's face. in 2009 and i just go well got to. send this to. my uncle um and he says i sent him. that he says no not now. not ever and i said no no no that's it. i'm making a joke that. you sent that he then he says i read. that story in the new york. times when it happened you know. and so i already knew this. happened but i'm just like and he says pretty horrific. he says horrific chimps are. brutal when full grown and they eat meat you know i crazy. but dude this is absolutely. i don't know if you've heard about this. but this is just this. woman had a chimp okay right. like it's a bass head. hound just had one right. okay raised it raised it you. don't raise a chimp. you have a chimp you know. you don't raise a. dog you got dogs so reason. why i got dogs is cu. they're they're nice right they're pretty good in houses. you know they won't kill. you unless they're pites. i know i shouldn't say it. cuz a lot of people say. no about it's the owner. not the dog and you go yeah but how many yorkies. would it take to. kill me huh. 25 how many pit bulls one right. so so so i'm just like okay. bad owner or not still anyway. even golden retrievers are. tell three you know i could [ __ ] them up. i could [ __ ] one up for sure. maybe two not three maybe three not four. um but you don't raise. them you have them okay. i don't even care if you're out. there doing the bre breeding. right but this monkey this. this look at this. for 14 years sandra. harold raised her pet chimp. travis like a son and don't call. it travis call it banana. head or something you know. treating him to. the finest foods that's dressing. him in human clothes. yo take that monkey away. from that [ __ ] chick all right. uh and even teaching him to. ride a bike and brush his own. teeth you think the first. of all you think the monkey isn't pissed. off for doing that my son. doesn't even want to. brush his teeth you're gonna have a chimp in your backyard. and be like ready for bed. and dress it dude. you know what i say. when i say hey buddy we got to. put a clothes we got to. go to we got to. go to school. he goes oh i just wear this. dude hey how about a 240 lb. chimp so um anyway on february 16th 2009 travis was agitated all right. now you might be like well why. that's weird no it's not. chimp okay he was not interested. in his television shows. that's what this says well. hm got one re. chimp all right he wasn't interested. in his pet c got. one re chimp he didn't have a pet cat. he had food that isn't ready. yet okay raw food. all right wasn't interested. in his any of his favorite. activities now chimps love activities. but not the ones that sarah heral. sandra heral was making. him do like ride a bicycle. dude cuz chimp all right. his behavior started haral startled. harold so much that she reportedly dropped the xanax. into his afternoon. tea now don't give animals. human drugs not because maybe you can't. maybe you can but you're not a doctor and also s right. gave him xanax now. at some point in the afternoon. this is from the instagram. post of real history uncovered by. the way so you know it's legit. travis slipped out the back. door of their st i like slipped. out like it's like he's like like it was definitely loud. you know it's a [ __ ] monkey like like he was like like he was like with his collar up. sh stanford connecticut home and refused to. come back inside frustrated. harold called her friend charla. charla nash to. help her round up. the rambunctious quote unquote. ch bro if you have a chimp. that's like that honestly. the gall to be like yo my chimp's out. of control i got to. call my [ __ ] friend my my female friend by the way that has no that that that i'm you might as well call up somebody and be like yo could you come over and make my bed like it's just so no what yeah i just and it's way worse than that that cuz you could you could die. right um so charlin here here here's how it goes. if someone calls me hey hey met you so hey. what's up hello hey what's up. hey chris what's up. dude you're not gonna believe this. anyway dude can you come over and really kind of could you come just check out. my chimp my chimp's in the backyard. i don't know what the hell's. going on he's not riding his bike. uh he wooden brush. his teeth and it's really weird. he wouldn't he didn't he you. know go figure he didn't want. to watch uh uh american ninja. and i and and he usually loves. the show and i i'm i'm like okay. that's odd wasn't into. the pet cat uh and that's his we got that. for him so i'm like uh he's in the backyard. he's get frustrated as i'm. getting a little worried can you come. can you come help me. get him inside and bring bananas. the phone is already at if you'd like to. make a call please hang up. and try again message. [laughter] see oh [ __ ] dude that used to. happen in the90s i swear it. message c5 why would it do that dude. it was so obnoxious. it would heat with so many [ __ ] combos bro. it would eat with so many annoying. combos you just hang up. message c5 just the just the [ __ ] most annoying combos dude. you hear it from [ __ ] three houses. down hang up your phone. um so anyway that's how the phone call. goes with me no i'm not coming. over to [ __ ] no and the friendship. is over and i'm eating a bunch of banas not bringing. them over i don't even want bananas. but i'm eating them now so to. make sure there's less bananas. in the world that you can feed. the monkey this is your [ __ ] bed. you made you you make your bed. you late in message c. let me hit you i'm going. hit you with the annoying. combo so um anyway charlotte nash. to help her round up. the r chip instead when nash. arrived instead that's not it shouldn't. even be an instead you shouldn't get to. use the word instead when it's just so obvious. what's going to happen. you know like you know like yeah i was playing russian. roulette and uh i watched my friend blast. himself in the face i thought we were all. going to win you know. we were going to. get through three rounds at. least but instead instead francis blew his. [ __ ] brains out through his chin. you know you don't say it. for that yeah i was going. to eat it you know. what i'm lactose intolerant but i thought ah [ __ ] it i ate a whole cheese. pizza didn't take any of my pills. i thought i was going. to be able to. go to bed instead i [ __ ] my brains out you don't get to. use instead for that because that's just what's g. to happen all right. um so instead this is what it. says when when nash arrived. god imagine this scene travis the monkey remember brutally. mauled her in a violent. frenzy tearing off her eyelids which dude. think about that even if that. was just it now congratulations. your eyes are open. forever you know what i mean. just just forever like the clockwork orange. scene just never able to. just dry as [ __ ] you know you got to. blink them yourselves you just got to. walk around you got to. go like this talking to. people just yeah it's hilarious. yeah yeah it's hilarious. yeah yeah why you touching your eyes. well i have to. manually blink um so uh so it says mold her. in a violent frenzy tearing. off her eyelids nose dude. nose bro how hard did the monkey have to. pull you know like the three stooges just this. is the fourth stooge and uh the no nose. the jaw which by the way. is you is totally i think you take a jaw. off as a human it's monkey for sure. can do it uh lips. scalp yo you know. and bro her hands you know. like not only did they did the monkey rip. your face to shreds but then you can't. even check to see. what's left because the monkeys. got your hands too you. know and you can ask someone. about hey can you check and see what. the monkey took because you don't have lips. and you could see it. all cu you can't. close your eyes okay so this is the worst. thing that's ever happened in the world. right at least monkey wise. and uh sarah herald ended up stabbing the. 240lb chip i mean dude. i can't even think of how horrific. this must have been stabbing. the 240lb chimp she she regarded. as a son he cra. in an attempt to. stop the attack he looked at me like this. is her quote mom what did. you do she later. recalled eventually police arrived and the scene. and shot and killed travis. they should have shot sandra. sorry i was scrolling up. to look for her. name and then she says sarah sandra. heral never quite got. over the loss of her son. hey what about the loss. of your friend's eyelids hey dude don't say that. took your friend's jaw oh man. i really miss my son. monkey oh no my friend's hands. too yeah sure i'm just saying like oh it's [ __ ] so sad. oh this is like that. [ __ ] thing i was talking about the other episode um bear grizzly man. we've got the monkey sarah herold has the monkey and she has a monkey in her. backyard she's a [ __ ] lunatic it is her quote unquote son the monkey didn't like any of what did. he sound like let me see how he sounds. like for what's what's the guy's name. again war warner herzog [ __ ] it's german. warner herzog you know. [music] herzog warner herzog warner war. all right here we go. whatever not i mean dude. he or she is landing. uh napoleon bon napoleon. bonapart could they just go crazy. could it just go. crazy rem reminds me. of another dude santra what's her name. her wait a minute. that's not her herold s harold. she has some monkey chimp she thinks it's her. son she knew things think were particularly. alarming when he was not interested. in his television shows. so she stabbed him dude. i just just don't i don't know. people are just i don't know. i mean honestly the whole thing's. sad as [ __ ] so it's like i've had enough of their col. um well well i've never seen a penguin. bashing its head against a rock you know man some documentaries are just boring as [ __ ] and they just mean to. do that you know happy. father's day christian everly is. lucky to have you go. to holler. christalia if you want. to purchase a shout out dude. nike settle i've talked to. this guy before cool. key they're saying that he ripped. off the design every all all sneakers. kind of look the same. bro it's nice uh they settled. it wait no oh it settled. it oh wow nike's crazy. they don't give a [ __ ] i got a um pretty dope actually the way. it says knockoffs genuine a one. highs k knockoffs om amy. knockoffs what's amy all right. um i'm going to. faint it's so hot so i got to. stop uh but appreciate you guys. conratulations um that's it if you want to. watch the rest of the uh episode. go to patreon dot com. christalia thank you very. much [music] [ __ ] [ __ ] [music] 