 runk hello hello hello hello hello and it's episode. 126 of your very favorite podcast. life line it is sunday. september 8th the queen the queen the queen you know who she is she died. guess how many years. ago two isn't that crazy. time flies uh you know. what you got so disrespectful. you know what you got to. do you know what you got to. do if you haven't done. it already you got to. sign off for our patreon patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. it is the creme de la. creme no submissions just b. sick in it brothers being. brothers and you know what go subscribe. to my solo podcast. the private record you don't even know what you're missing. go check it out uh and guess who's on binging. binging you know i'll be in. alabama i'll be in toronto. i'll be in duth minnesota. i'll be uh i'll be in a bunch of different. places where else am i. going to be thunder bay. ontario um my gosh just like tons of places. man um kentucky um wish it. was up on the screen. but it's not so it's okay um and then we'll have a lifeline. live it the link. should be up up actually now. we'll have a lifeline live show. in um uh it'll be december. 5th at oxnard i just played oxnard um yeah peterboro ontario. london ontario those are the ones. i was forgetting how was oxnard cool. it was good i was sick. through it so it was it was tough to. to do it i had a fever. for like three days it wasn't breaking. and it finally broke you did. yeah light very light it wasn't it. was like one of those sickness. is where i was like is. do should i stay in bed. or can i go to. the store and do stuff. you know what i mean. will you contage what was it. no i don't know what it. was man i don't know kristen had a little bit. of a thing before me. and that so she i guess she gave it to. me blaming the woman one. does i see how it is blame oh. sure blame the woman it's always the woman's fault. dude i i ate you know how i got two burritos that. one time and it was too. many two two burritos two burritos the worst. song two burritos two burritos it's to. buritos that one time matt that's so bad. it's a good song and don't do that. what is that it's to. the tune of uh uh silver. bell silver b i mean. it is i mean well it. was wow how did you even get thatuna like getting. like he knows no he it's a long. story but he does know we used to. for years we've sung the to. the tune of silver bells. tuba man there was an article abouty i know about that it's pretty famous. no it's not really that. famous the old deia mako tuba. man uh of silver. bell so silver bells more. like silver balls anyway. what were you saying so today not funny. so today um not even. close to funny you know so i today. i i said to. marco cuz we were getting. the the stuff that we get i said do. dude i'm really hungry. because i haven't been eating because i've been sick. i haven't been hungry. part of it been nausea. i only ate you know not that much yesterday. and the last time i ate was like honestly. 6 p.m. so you know. me bro now that i'm feeling better. i was like mako get me. two burritos and he said chris. no that's that would be ridiculous. if i got you two burritos after last time. last time you made a whole thing. out of it you got all messed up. and you were all gross. about it um and i said okay. okay fair get me one. and i ate it and i wanted. the second one so bad. dude i wanted it so bad. but but but it was not his fault. what he did was a good. thing because i was like all right. he did a good thing. i don't need to. but i'm like when does my brain. catch up to my belly. to where it's like okay. now you feel satisfied cuz man. that that waiting time is like it's like 10. minutes it sucks lucky. i was here to. give you a little bit of mine. you gave me i gave you i got two. three four bites uh of yours. um but now now i feel satiated. finally all right and it was so but that's annoying. that that time to. where it you your brain. should be moving quicker than that. you know i it's not your brain. it's i guess it is yeah. of course the food. needs to go down. to the the area. and then the brain. needs to be like okay. got it and you realize you're full. but in mind it takes. a long time mine's lazy. my my my brain is just like what i mean. if i if i like take a tiny. break while eating i'm just not hungry. anymore i know that is not how your boy. is that is not how your boy. is your boy has to. wait a full 10 to. 15 minutes honestly sometimes more. to be okay okay all right. i think maybe i get it. i maybe full a little bit. i won't eat for a while. we'll see right what's the sushi. thing a lot of people. say sushi doesn't fill you up. sushi is the number one. thing that fills me up. yeah how about all the rice. yeah i know but why. do people say sushi you eat sushi. you're hungry later but i it's not. like that rice makes it doesn't it. expand in your tummy r expands. belly makes you not hungry. for longer yeah that's nobody i've never heard anybody. say that and when they say that. if they do say that. they're dead wrong you you never heard. anyone say that i don't think so oh okay. that's crazy tune out i. tune out wrongness so possible. jerking a go a little. a little penis a little guy. but magic mind now we want. to know why do you always wait. it's like how anthony waits to. take a poop before till after the episode. starts why do you wait. to take a no. i'm not like anthony have a reason. okay cuz i just ate and i want. to finish this or or whatever. i have i want the palette to. cleanse and i really want to. taste the sweetness of this. because it's really good i don't want to. jeopardize the sweetness of the magic. mind okay because if you do it's not. as good and you only take like one. of these a day. two days maybe two a day. yeah they're really good anyway. and they keep you sharp lasered. in so it's all good. okay and i still drink coffee. even though you don't need to. drink coffee but i still drink. coffee what do you mean. you don't need to. well you drink magic mine you. don't need to. drink coffee but it's a coffee. replacement yeah oh kind of in a way. i mean backtracking so hard. it's just natural yeah but no. not not the caffeine. and all that anyway whatever um so yeah. so okay so defensive about about about nothing yet. you know so for the second time. in a row anthony's not. here we want to. talk about that oh was he not here last time. oh yeah what the freck. well so he took a day. off but then today is we're actually recording. on sunday and laor day. weekend you know he had all right. well i think he's fired i guess you think he's got a corona right. now just not working he's got a corona uh and he what. is does he have a good. reason at least no it's labor. day that's that's a good reason. he had plans with his girlfriend. wow cute they better be having fun. that's all i'm saying she better. be loving it he loves. his girlfriend he's a good boyfriend. actually shout out to. anthony being a good boyfriend. um if you can believe it. he's not good at doing the stuff. he does on this. show but he's really good boyfriend. so w everybody's good at something. you know you don't like that. i said that no i wanted. to know if i stopped talking how long it. would take before something. else was said that's not a good. place to test that out when we're recording a podcast well what do you want what do you want to. talk about nothing let's get to. the show all right what's up. guys longtime viewer here. from alabama me and my friends. are so excited to. come see you in montgomery. matt you're hilarious it's so nice. of you to. let chris do this. podcast with you um i have a question. about a cooworker so um i work as a line. cook in a kitchen and there is a uh woman that works with us in the restaurant. that is in and out of the kitchen. constantly and all she does. is she walks up. to anybody in the kitchen. and she taps them and she goes. hello and leaves it's very annoying. um like not exaggerating like 15. to 20 times an hour doesn't matter on break. if you're cooking grab what you drink. even if you're out back for a smoke. she woks up hey or hello. and just leaves never leads to. more conversation it's very annoying it's very distracting. but i don't want to. be the guy that's like hey shut up. don't talk to. me i need like a spin move i need like a like a hey tell me hey once when i get here it's irritating um any advice. would be great thanks. hey tell me hey once when you get here. that's weird is it is it. a tick is it like a ocd. thing cuz that's uh she's crazy. i mean you think so yeah well yeah every single day. 20 times hey yeah that's crazy sometimes you have to. experience it that's a crazy. thing what what do what do. you doing that even once every single day. is to everyone is. crazy no uh yeah you're right. tapping them and just saying hey and walking. away that's actually one of the crazier. things i've ever like heard okay. well so yeah i would think i think if that's actually happening. not that i doubt. you but if that's what is happening. if what we are understanding is. correct then you it you are. beyond the line of uh acceptable to. absolutely say hey why do you do. that i i i would there's just no i i would want. to do it just out. of sheer curiosity not even. being a jerk but you think you'd get a real answer. like this is the thing. what we all ag were obviously. talking about someone who's mentally. balanced i don't want to. say crazy cuz people i know but true. okay so so so so okay hi. so you say why do you do that. why do you do that. oh i don't know i just really love. like spreading joy and like letting people know that like uh i'm approachable. and i just think that the energy. is is my energy is good for people. and it makes people you know. happy that would be acceptable that's not what's going. to happen though but no but why. not that would be acceptable that would still. be annoying as [ __ ] also that person is could be crazy. clear thought out reason i don't think is what's going to. happen when you ask her. what so you don't think it's an actual thing. that she knows she does. what do you mean. she might know she does it but that. doesn't mean she has a good reason. for but i'm saying like you can you can do. things so many times that it's not a conscious. thing you're doing really anymore. did you hear what he said. 15 to 20 times a day. a day tapping someone on the shoulder. just to say hi that you don't. know and you have nothing else. to say beyond hi. that is just pure i don't. mentally unwell behavior i i wish i this is i wish i could see this. dude i want her to. do it to. me so much well obviously he can take a video. of it she's not going. to not do it just because there's a camera. face dude take a video of it. follow up with the video but the truth. is when someone is this. like far gone there's no reason. to engage with them about why. they do what they do. you're not going to. get an answer and if you do get an answer. it's not going to. be the answer just don't engage. you don't want to. engage with someone well also who is clearly. unwell well i would for sure. i don't i you she might not be unwell but she she might be she she there's a good. chance of what you're if what you're saying. is accurate in the way. that we understand it i would say. it's it's she's probably she there's a good gen she's unwell. but i don't mean dangerous. by the way i know i know i know i know but uh i there is no. way i would be able. to be in that situation. and and not be able. to ask her what would you. do though how would what would you say. i would say hey how come you why. do you always come up. to people multiple times a day. and then just like kind of tap. them on the shoulder and say hi. like we already said high. i would there is no there is no. world where crystalia doesn't do that. no world i don't think that's if that's advice. that's not bad advice i just think don't expect to. get the answer that is true. you know but i would get to. the bottom of also you're opening. up the possibility of talking to. her more right and her thinking that that's something. she should do more right. but if that person already is nuts. you could just you you you it. doesn't matter if you open. it up or not. you're working with her it's going. to be crazy so you this. may be a good thing. to just be like all right. well don't do that to. me anymore cu it's so like so [ __ ] annoying if she starts getting crazy in her explanation be like all right well you don't have to. do it to. me yeah right. you know what i'm saying i just think with something. like that right now it's at a place. that is not at all. dangerous or scary. it's good to. keep people like that in a place. that is not dangerous just with a knife. next time you're just like this. hi like this tap. you on the shoulder with a knife. no but like that it's just to. me that is the most obvious. path just to. not mess with it if someone so annoying. that's like chinese water torture i i actually. don't know how annoyed. i'd be yeah i guess. 20 times a day tapping me on the shoulder say hi knowing me i get in a bad mood 35 times a day if she happens to. do it at that moment. and the eighth time she t. i'd be like what the [ __ ] what what. are you doing yeah you can't. get to that though i would no but you got to. just that's why you have to. come from curiosity aren't you. curious about it or no. yeah i guess i am i let the curiosity. let the curiosity consume you. let the curiosity envelop you let the curiosity. speak for itself hello ma'am. why do you do that. i'm not mad yet but let me know. why please i just think that you're not. the likelihood of getting a straight true answer. is so low that i would i would not. go there you said four. times and that's fine i don't. think keep saying you would ask though. i need to add that. that's a bad idea you're not going. to get an answer i don't. think that you saying. it four times is bad. but you have said it. four times and maybe but i do get it. i've only said it after you say you should ask. her okay so it's my fault. no nobody's fault i'm just telling you. why i say it oh so okay. you know great all right. all right next one sup. man chris i need your advice. right now what's up. dude so this girl started at work. a couple months ago. i've been there for about a year. she's really into. me but i'm not that into. her she asked me. if i wanted to do. some lsd with her. did it with her a couple. days ago and that only made her more attracted to. me kind of bonded i really like her as a friend but i'm just not attracted. to her as anything more than that. i don't want a relationship with her. yeah even more is that. i'm a christian and i noticed that. she had satanic tattoos all. over which is a huge turnoff for me. i would but the issue. is that i'm working with her. and also wanting to. be friends with her i think she's really awesome. but i don't want to. go any further than that yeah so i don't want big. issues going down with um me telling her. that i don't want to. date her cuz i've already made up. my mind i don't want to. but i don't want that. to cause issues at work. you know or with our friendship. so any advice on this would be awesome. chris i met you twice. you're the nicest guy of all. time matt love you dude. peace good submission thanks bud. um it's pretty simple i think you. can use work as a reason. to look not like you need. to like fudge why you're not interested. in somebody but if you want to. lay someone down easy because you care about them. as a person and as a friend. especially if you want to. maintain the friendship just be like look. i don't know if there's like something between. us but i i i'm not even i'm not remotely interested. in exploring it because we work. together and we're such good friends. like we vibe together. well why would we risk. that there's no reason to. it's or you can shorten all. that up by just saying oh you got satanic. tattoos you know but then you're going. to hurt her feelings she's your friend. no but it's just not i'm a christian. you got satanic tattoos that. i can't be with i it. is a valid and. i'm not relig you know. me i'm not religious i don't give a [ __ ] if somebody has satanic tattoos but if you have satanic tattoos be prepared. to come up against some roadblocks espe. if you like christian guys well yeah just like you know. what are you doing what what are. you doing maybe she's a satanist i mean. it's very possible i understand. but then it's like okay you can but you can be one. without getting the tattoos is what i'm saying. of course of course so i'm just saying like getting really specific tattoos like that. you just have to. be prepared to. be like so that's also a way. out of it that's a perfect spin move i think though that that is two things one it's a little bit less honest. cuz that's nothing to. do with the reason he doesn't want to. be with her romantically. yeah maybe you're right. too like she could be like oh well and explain. it away in a way that she thinks is valid. right that's a [ __ ] great point d so i don't think you want to. go there even if it is true. but uh i just think the work thing. is the easiest and best. reason to not romantically. get involved with somebody you're right. um there was something else but i forget. yeah it's it's oh dude. what if he doesn't have satanic. tattoos he just was tripping well yeah he just she's like a a big. what if she what if he's really attractive. just doesn't even know it. it's like shallow how when she when he does. l lsd she's like a she's terrible. but then when she he's not on lsd. she's like it's like she's so hot. she's walking in the street. just like i wish they all could be california. girls dude how terrible is that song. um how terrible is. that movie have you seen. shahal no i've seen it and i've saw some of it. recently i couldn't it's my favorite. i just couldn't believe what i was. looking at i wish it. came out now even even. jack black couldn't rescue that. movie jack black is hilarious. he's the funniest person um yeah. uh that guy said i was the nicest guy. ever yeah he did you know. what's crazy what i'm so nice that's not that. crazy people think i'm a dick. who well you know cuz i'm like my my podcast. and [ __ ] and like my comedy. is like nah [ __ ] you you know wait wait make more sense what my my comedy. is like oh that's the you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] if you do this you know yeah but yeah and that's not real it's often the case that people with public personas as whatever dick or edg or whatever it is not that you're edgy you're not you're smooth as hell um i'm edgy i'm crazy edgy smooth edged um is and the people who have really like squeaky clean images are the biggest dicks oh man don't i know that i could expose so many people why don't you why wouldn't you do that ah they're comedians why do i care why they let them do their thing that's their [ __ ] i disagree i would like to. expose everybody if there's something to. expose really yeah um well yeah i get it but uh yeah i i i um if people are fronting as as and putting forth an image that they're good people. and they are not then i would like to. expose them i don't care about like really what people do behind closed. doors and how like like or like you know. whatever no i know specifically people that. are like that let's get it. out there n no right right. now you're going to. talk about it right. now for the next 20. minutes the rock hit me. once all right next this. guy that guy was interesting. huh the last guy. i didn't expect him to. say he was faci hair was crazy. it wasir yeah he hit a one. of the aerodynamic front of his. face yeah yeah yeah he go he could run really fast. probably all right sim hey chris. hey matt jaylen j and i wanted to. talk about whether or not you guys have all were experien. sleep paralysis i did for the first time. last night and chris. you were involved in the dream. oh my god um so the dream. was going on you know it. was something like i was like chris's assistant or some [ __ ] i don't know but it carried. over into real life where i'm actually. laying there in my bed. and i'm seeing the ceiling of my room. and i live with my girlfriend. we sleep in the same bed. i i would think so for some reason. i get the feeling that. chris is rubbing my girlfriend's. feet at the foot of our bed. defeat and then so i'm laying there. and of course i'm trying. to stop it i'm well you could ask me. about it first you know. and then i muster up. but no yeah yeah and of course my girlfriend. is like what the [ __ ] was that why did you just yell and i was like i thought thought crystal leia was will make your feet and this is so crazy. i've never experienced s paralysis i've heard. of it but i literally physically. could not move like i felt. like my muscle was straining. and like i didn't have control. of them and he was awake. and chris you are my sleep. paralysis dem so i was hoping you know with you being so heavily involved. with it uh if you could help. me understand it why did that happen. thank you i don't think i've ever. been a sleep paralysis demon. before i've had have you had ever experienced. the i've here's what i've had i've had stuff. i've i was still in dreamland. and couldn't move and i've woken. up because i was like why. can't i move and then i'm like that. that's sleep paralysis but isn't sleep. paralysis you're fully aware but well not. fully aware but like you're awake. and you're like i can't move. no i mean he was still dreaming. you you you were rubbing. your feet literally you were in the room. rubbing her feet so he i was doing. that yeah sleep paralysis is so i guess. i have then yeah one. of the most disturbing things it. it it it was i would not say it. was disturbing for me maybe it was cuz it was so quick. but it felt was like wo that is so dope. oh then it wasn't yeah. that's what i'm saying so you've done. it oh yeah so what is it. uh what is it well. i know what it is but like how was it. for you it when i lived in new york. it was when i had it the most intensely my heart's in new york. you know my heart believes new york. no it's be for whatever. reason that apartment there is the most vivid in my mind. when i think about sleep. houses what happened like five or 10. times wow in a very short. period i was only there a few years. and i would be it was almost always during a nap. well i used to. go out really late then wake up. really early to. go to school. and then in the middle of the day. i would sleep a lot. so it happened during naps. i think it typically happens. to me during naps. anyway um i i it was the same. thing every single time. i would fall asleep and then at some point. it was daytime so my room. was lit up with sunlight. and there was by the door. between me and the door. mhm my bed and the door. it was a very small room. mh there was a short and wide. humano humanoid humanish figure so scary. in a big oversized black cloak so oversized so scary. short and wide is so scary. that the hood yeah came so far. out over its face and its face was so enveloped. in shadow i had no idea what the face. was oh tre okay and the face. was completely enveloped in black. so i had no sense of the facial. features whatsoever oh my god if there was a face what the face was anything like that short and wide you know there was there was something in its hands but its sleeves were so long i couldn't see its hands it was like a stick and it just held the stick was his [ __ ] it wasn't his [ __ ] right it was a i said it was a stick so it wasn't his [ __ ] my my [ __ ] is a stick it's crazy it was a stick that you could see the top of and then the bottom of was touching the ground so it wasn't his [ __ ] well mine's removable and uh all it did was stand there it never moved but all the whole time i was experiencing sleep ares i couldn't move so how okay all i would think is i need to. get out of here it's between. me and the door so i can't do this. very easily i i'm going. to on the count of whatever 310 whatever. it was shoot up out of bed. and either i forget what it. was jump out the window. going down the fire es skate. i don't remember what the jump. jumping out the window. matalia jumping out a i the guy. was short it was a dream. though so you have no concept of any of i know i know that's what i'm saying. like thought this was a mistake. i thought the guy was but i was sleep. sleep so i would go to. the countdown 3 2 1. and go and but at that point. obviously i i was paralyzed. couldn't do it i couldn't move. so every time i would hit the countdown. i'd think oh [ __ ] i'm paralyzed. then i would start over again. so it was this. constant oh my getting i'm gearing up. to run for my life. so funny what whatever. that is so let me ask you. a question yeah so the fact that this happened. multiple times the o the first time. obviously not but after that. the second third fourth fifth time. were you like oh yeah this is that. thing that happens or was the dream. making you be like oh this. is unique in between it was. it was yeah dude. dreams are crazy it was. that it's happening again. i got to get out. of this oh okay. so you didn't have all the info. no oh you were drugged. in the dream yeah i was it's a dream. that's the thing about you don't think. you're dreaming the crazy. have you guys heard of the movie. the nightmare no okay there's this guy rodney. [ __ ] what's his last name. the movie is called the nightmare. it's a documentary about sleep. paralysis it's called the i'm going. and throughout history there's all this art. depicting various types of sleep. paralysis there's certain types of things. usually it's alienish figures at the foot of your bed. or somewhere in your room. which is what i had right. it's not aliens but a lot. of people that that happens. there's gross scary. cat on your belly. that you can't get it. off right and then there's one other one i forget. what it is but there are three really common. types of s things that. happ yeah did you watch. it yeah i watch the movie. is not good but the information. is incredible information is. good that's all i care. about with the ronnie asher i think is his name. um see wait yeah that. was it that was you except the guy. was short and wide. that that right right isn't that. weird go back to. go to images of the movie cuz i feel like not weird. that people yeah that's never happened. to me none of this. yeah there we go. the thing at the edge of the bed. see the one on the left. there that's one next to. the nightmare before christmas. yeah yeah that's what do. you mean that's a common. one that's a common one. that's basically what i had. but it wasn't didn't look. like that that's the scariest thing i've ever seen. in my life yeah it's the scariest thing you can experience. in real life and you know. what i would never have. that it's so sc. would my body would never have. that the really interesting thing. is sometimes siblings have a. shared version of it on. the same night i i don't believe. in any of that [ __ ] what do you mean believe in like the connected with the siblings. and the [ __ ] no just is a thing no i understand. that but i'm just like my body. is too even when i'm sometimes. life is so weird. that i'm like yo this. is a dream it's not. happening so i'm always on that. default yeah i don't think so buddy. i mean so scared. it's going to. happen to you you know. no no no no i'm just saying like nah. this is not i'm in line. at chipotle you know what dude. just give me all the guacamole. in the tub please this. isn't real life i know i'm dreaming. and this is a sleep. paralysis crazy the craziest person there. is dude imagine running. into somebody who is convinced. they were in a dream. and they that would be so scary. because they could they're like i could do anything. don't you can't fool. me this is a dream yeah. i would run from that. person yeah nah not me. i'd join him and be in a dream. with them anyway sleep pr. is the craziest thing ever. it's kind of like the inverse. of a wet dream i was just thinking of wet. dreams cuz wet dreams you're like trying. not to wake up. no matter what you know. oh man dude i had some [ __ ] dude i'm still pissed off that i woke up one one wet dream. when i was younger. it was so before. it was over yeah it's so sad. there's nothing more satisfying than finishing a wet. dre it's so infrequent. you know who's with you yourself. i would help no. it i was with a woman. you know in the dream. yeah who molly. ringwald oh interesting what it. was dope didn't get the finish wow so if you're out. there molly ringal just know that that happened. m one time i had a dream. that i was in an elevator with beyonce and i kissed. her and it was so real and i'm counting. it dude the one the very first i've had so few in my life. the very first wet dream i ever. had first of all wet dream. don't call it that thank you. that's pretty gross might as well. call it a splurt dream. i mean that would be less gross. somehow squirt dream so my first one was with the actress christine. lti how funny is that oh wait you told me. that that's [ __ ] crazy isn't that so weird. christine l we likes to. potty yeah dud. second one was with a girl. i went to. high school at named caitlyn gerz oh oh yeah. i remember her kaitlyn i. know you're watching because everybody in the world. watches this show sorry second wd. was with you wd so dumb. um so yeah i i didn't have that. i didn't i don't really i wish i could have more wet. dreams i guess if you don't they're crazy. they're so good they're better. than sex i don't care what. anybody says they are better. than sex dude is so reality. is going to be dude. imagine i'm next to. i'm next to my wife. just like oh hell yeah. i'm in a wet dream and just she's looking. at me i'm just like oh hell yeah. and all of a sudden just wetness awesome. molly ringwald dude she'd be like what the [ __ ] that would be so upsetting you getting such a fight you know yeah wake up and she wakes me up like hey and she's like uh what was that and i like nothing i mean nothing in my control at le did you imagine nothing just only you babe i was dreaming. of you even if i was having a wet. dream which i don't think i was you say. ring don't we i mean. there's no way to. know cuz you're sleeping but aren't you you. must be doing something. physically to make yourself. no the w part no your brain. no come on no you're not friction. from the sheets nothing get the [ __ ] out. of here i don't believe you. i think i'm i think i'm pretty sure. i'm humping during wet. dreams you think you are. but you're not maybe yeah maybe just just sleep. like this so interesting. a pillow i think's happening. no not my dog don't say. that d i mean. i'm joking it didn't. happen right proba you don't know. so uh yeah anyway dreams. are are are absolutely bat. bananas dreams are so crazy. wet dreams sleep walking don't like. when people think dreams mean. something don't like that no. they don't mean anything right. they don't mean anything just you make up. there's stories you make up without realizing. you're making them up i had a dream. last night that uh i was doing. my podcast congratulations and i was halfway. through you guys shouldn't couldn't show. up and so i was doing it. by myself and i realized halfway through i was doing it in the dark. and i was like a [ __ ] this is a really good episode. too do i have to. redo it and then you came over and you were like i i don't know if i'll make it work i was like a [ __ ] come on bro anyway interesting so telling um interesting it's a deer so let's do the next one chris matt i love you guys keep doing awesome [ __ ] what up dude um my question is about when somebody is in the car with you and and you're playing music mhm and they recommend a song no no and it's okay to. rec excited about it. no and do you guys. care no but something if you just don't play. the song do you think about that. do you think about how they probably thinking like [ __ ] i like want. to hear it like i want. him listen the whole. thing is ridiculous wow that's so funny. valid do you not give a [ __ ] what's is that. dick i don't know it's not dick. depends on who the person is somebody. i like or care about. then i'll play it cuz i'm like okay. but it's always annoying oh you think here's what's most. i don't want to. change the subject i want. to hear what you think. but the most annoying thing for me. in music and people in cars. is when i'm like hey i want you to. hear this song and they say okay. and i play the song. and they start talking through. it i want you to. hear the [ __ ] song shut the [ __ ] oh oh that's not okay we'll talk about something. after this just listen. that's worse than that. yeah yeah yeah but anyway respond. to what he said i i i think music. to me is such an interesting. thing because i i it. is it is without my life. like i don't think about it. i don't listen to. it i don't put it on i don't i'm driving. mo a lot of time i'm driving 40. minutes and i go and i'm like oh [ __ ] huh. i i i'm listening to. nothing silence silence no podcast silence and so music. is so not a thing. to me that i don't even. you love shitty music. though you love shitty. hiphop and shitty coldplay andu but i don't listen. to it i don't love. shitty shitty stuff yeah like [ __ ] when we were on the lifeline. luxury go subscribe to. lif luxury we talking about glycerin. with bush you know yeah why like why. would you why wouldn't you put on bush. in the car though why wouldn't you do. that maybe i'll do it. in in my new car. you didn't answer my [ __ ] question. why would why wouldn't you listen. to a song you like in your car. why why why would you not. do that because it's because songs are so weird. because they're just like three minutes and [ __ ] and then they end and then you're like all right. well what else idiot no but it. it's like mean what. else dude i don't know it's like what is little bite siiz [ __ ] change in my mood. like [ __ ] off like i'm like if you watch a movie it's a whole story that's being told and you're you're watching you're listening you play a song for 2 and a half. minutes three three four minutes. and you're just like in line. in mcdonald's like what are you doing. dude like what are you what. are you doing dude. glycerin turn it lower yeah. i'll have number four like dude. it's so weird to. me it's so weird. to me the system. the sound system i have in my in my car. is so dope but here's why you do it. because music is great. that's the only [ __ ] reason you don't do it to. change change your mood temporarily. you're not like i'm going. to put on nirvana why. oh to change my mood. temporarily you a [ __ ] alien you put on music cuz you like it with this mood put on never mind you you put on music because you like it full stop the end speaking of witch dude i'll put i'll put on music to. change my mood i knew. it but you no you will. do that but that is not why. you listen to. music knew well i think it is he's saying why. would i listen to. music in the car it's not just mood. changing device i think it adds to. here's the other thing. people put on music. and they they think they're adding to. the atmosphere what if i don't like that. [ __ ] what if i don't like jcole. oh you put on j. cole what if i don't like j. cole what if j cole. [ __ ] my wife [ __ ] is j. cole. j. cole who the [ __ ] is jcole. jcole like [ __ ] but j.cole j cole. is one of the biggest best. rappers at least currently you. know what dude i'm tired of not saying. it rap sucks my [ __ ] hairy [ __ ] nut sack i'm tired of not saying it you know i'm tired of not saying it like it was at to. pop you know what dude. this for too long. i've been tired tired of keeping this rap. sucks my hairy [ __ ] nut sack. rap now i used to. love rap and rap. back then is good hold on. so you you bring up. uh nirvana and we got to. do another submission because this isn't lifeline luxury this is just lifeline yeah okay but i'm g. to watch that documentary about kirk cobain. soon montage of heck. i've seen some of it what. that's what it's called. that is not the one. i'm talking about that sounds amazing. that is the one the definitive. documentary about uh soaked and bleach the [ __ ] is that it's about. him dying what is that [ __ ] if you're going to. watch k cain doc you watch. montage of heck what's that. guy's name again. the director he's like a legendary do. brett morgan yeah we have brett morgan. with an e morgan. he's [ __ ] it's like 3 hours it's the definitive. [ __ ] there we go the thing. about k coob is he is. in the 27 club and he was with courtney. love courtney love is a little bit. known to maybe have been part. of an accomplice to. kill him because it turns. out women are succubuses you know can't it always comes out. that warner hog is sexist. in my head no yeah cuz it's your head. right right right you know. it's not you're just channeling. the guy make your woman happy. even if you get them. all the things they say they want. how [ __ ] dope wasain shot himself. in the head after giving himself. the leal dose of valium and is that. true valium heroin heroin yeah how could he pulled. the trigger a sucubus did what. the [ __ ] is soaked. in bleach oh it's like a conspiracy. movie about his death. you know suck me right. the [ __ ] off no dude. suck me right. the [ __ ] off [ __ ] all right dude montage of heck is like the the dock about k. about his career and stuff. his life i don't care about the career. well you should cuz he's a [ __ ] legendary human. being he really was one. of the most important people in music. history not that you care and in and in regular history and in government one. of the most of all war. history war history american history do you know. world history let's see how much you know about stuff. who was the drummer of nirvana. oh i know um uh the the fo fighters. guy what's his name um uh doesn't know his name. on he was at my show. once only relation to. dave [ __ ] gro dave gro yeah how about the fact that he goes uh that song you're the best. the best the best the best. of you you know that. song he says it 36. times that's too many. music sucks i don't what's interesting. about dave gro is that i like him. so much i [ __ ] hate foo fighters. foo fighters music. is so bad he's the [ __ ] though i don't. like the name amazing. drummer fighters he's great yeah. he's the [ __ ] [ __ ] the nirvana drumming. d anyway let's do another submission who knows if courtney loves. a murderer most people know. she's not okay go ahead. hey guys love you both. chis i saw you last. night in dallas for the fourth. time and it was so good. you had me crying amazing. um and fun fact your friend david. according to his imdb. was born in my city. oh so my question. for you is i'm on the dating. apps and my older brother's name. is cody and it seems like every other guy. on there is named cody you're in the wrong. place seems awkward to. swipe on them even if i think they're cute. or i like their profile i just can't do it. uh and also my dad's name. is william or bill. and i see some billies on. there some bills and i just i don't think i can. date someone with my dad. or my brother's name why. would i i don't know you. would so is this something i just need to. get over am i justified. in feeling this way. you love someone help. me out thanks totally justified. in feeling a little bit. of weirdness about getting involved. with someone with the name same. name as your dad. or brother but have you ever. thought about this what if you met. someone named bill cody that. would not only be the name of your father. and your brother but it would be the name. of uh uh that guy. bill cody the dumbest thing. you've ever said in in absolutely. on this podcast in in history no. but uh yeah it was pretty. pretty great pretty who's bill. cody cody uh i was just going. to look it up. but stupid who cares. um um that guy bill. cody dude that was great. so anticlimactic so oh yeah yeah cool. uh so something should you get over. it absolutely yes no but if there's a lot. of guys named cody that. you might be interested. in then of course why are there. so many guys nam [ __ ]. cody there a lot. of guys around you named cody move because cody is. the name of a dog. it is dude i i ful agree. with that i don't think cody's a cool. name sorry your brother but bill's cool. but um bill's a great. name the thing about uh that. i've never thought about it. and then you said why. would you and then it's like of course why. wouldn't i because no why. would you not why wouldn't you well. because i've met women that are named. ellie oh yeah oh that's what you mean. right but i don't i've never thought. about it right. i don't even know if i was like oh that's my i might be like oh that's my mom's. name but i would it would drop out. of my mind immediately after that. it wouldn't it sounds like she's got some some sort of thing. you know oh yeah dude. duh jo cody was [ __ ] buffalo bill. that's why i [ __ ] said that. i was going to. say wild bill but i [ __ ] it up [ __ ] should have stuck to. my gonis dude all right yeah. no yeah i get i get what you're saying. i get what you're saying. yeah but i would have no problem. dating someone that i just met. named ellie like that would mom. i wouldn't even think about it. i wouldn't even think about it. yeah well i mean you'd think about it. i wouldn't even [ __ ] think about the person. i was dating or my mom. okay um i'd be who are every time. i saw her i'd say who are you i have no idea. every time i saw mom. i'd say who are you i have no idea. that's much i' never think that i believe um i uh i had the most you made me. think about it because you said garoni i had the most for some reason. that made me think of something i had the most oh yeah. but i'm a dad now moment. that i've ever had what's it. mean i had uh i have a shirt can't breathe. gonna put on my nose. things go ahead i have not it. don't need to. be updated i don't want people to. be like what happened. to his nose they'll just what. putting in his nose i. don't want people think i'm doing drugs. or something oh got it. has coke in it. right um love breathing. so um was so tired didn't want. to do that did it. for the joke hurt. deserved it not i guess i'm happy. i did it deserved it. it all worked out deserved. it um but i i i i have a shirt that. says uh it's from strawberry. the brand strawberry which i like don't know what guy. sends me stuff he's a cool. dude on yeah whatever you know. um and uh one of the things is a strawberry. strawberry on the back it. says my my uh uh me. with the bill cody thing i don't remember. is it that important. what it says on the back. it says something about a glock okay. h my glock don't jam or something. then strawberry jam it's something some kind of thing. and um i went to. go pick up calvin from school. you can't wear a thing about a gun. and i'm like i didn't i don't think about what i'm wearing. i i just put it on in the morning. you do but yeah what you do. who doesn't think about what they're wearing. what do you mean. you just put clothes on in the morning. yeah you just grab a shirt. put it on you're like oh yeah. it's that shirt you barely. register it right okay okay like look what shirt do. i have on now oh yeah the represent one. with the red one right. yes i had to. think about it yeah so um so i was there. waiting to pick him. up and i got this whole thing. say my glock don't jam. the dad comes up. and he's like hey man. i'm you know what's his name's dad. and like you know he knows calvin. i'm like oh yeah what's up. he's like oh cool. he's like man i love your shirt. he was like you know. it's funny and people might not appreciate that. here but i love it. and i'm like boy oh oh yeah. i didn't even think that that. had first of all i don't think i have any like when i went to. rehab like nine of my shirts. they were like you can't. have these in here i was. like why they were like drugs. and i was like what and they're like yeah. it just kind of pertains to. i was like i guess. in a way you could say like what. i remember i had [ __ ] heroin all over one of my shirts no i remember um like there was money on one and they were like that could be gambling. and we have gambling addicts. here it was you know. wow so anything potentially triggering. i mean that makes sense yeah. yeah yeah but it was stupid. but yeah i mean you know so bitter about it. still it's fine i'm. a better man cuz i went so but uh anyway but it's was like oh wow. that's crazy actually to. think about that you know. so i took my shirt. off i went to. go i picked up yeah did this yeah i took my shirt. off swung around like a helicopter and um and everyone was like oh my god that's the hottest dad i've ever seen in my life. and i go hell yeah. dude all the moms. were like what the [ __ ] even the guy was like huh. i don't think that h. any of that happened no i don't think so i mean. ion doubt it highly doubt. that okay new all right. hey chris uh andrew colin from the arena. again i call called about a year. ago uh you guys are awesome. love the show uh quick question my two. of my best friends. i would say they're uh their dog. passed away really young from cancer. suddenly so we're going to. get them a memorial. blanket with some pictures on it and that okay and i know my buddy has some really good ones on his phone. but i kind of want to. surprise him with this. so i was wondering if you had a way to. maybe like steal somebody's phone. without them knowing so i could send myself. some pictures or something like that. but than guys love. the show nice pick me. up every sunday have a good. one yeah dude just i mean. it depends on the relationship. you have with your friends. cuz like if you're like a [ __ ] prankster good luck right getting them to. let you have your phone phone. but if you're like just a person just be like hey dude like you got to. trust me like i i i'm trying. to do something really cool. but like i need access to. your phone for like a minute. you can sit right. there i i can do you mind. they just say they'll just say yes. yeah but also you could be like who wouldn't say. yes to that yeah. but also you could be like hey your dog. was cool send me pictures of him. he was so cute. that's what i thought first actually just do that. yeah and then they might not even. think anything of it or they might and if they do who cares. they're not going to know. you're making a blanket. for them you could also say something. like i wanted to. put together a slideshow. like something less cool. than a blanket no. no no cuz then the guy's going. to be like oh i thought you going. to make a slideshow. okay it's too hot. i guess that's one way of looking at it. no don't do what i said. only do what i said not. what matt said do maybe what i said. do 35% what i said. 65% what chris said i mean. because what i said is also valid. make 35% slat show 65% blanket. you know um but yeah there are ways. just just if you're [ __ ] prankster though my way won't work cuz it's like the boy who cried a wolf i was i used to. be the kind of person that would like [ __ ] with people's phones. and [ __ ] nobody trusts me. with anything anymore because i used to. do that [ __ ] i know you wouldn't do that with me yeah but i'd never done that to. you i don't like pranks. pranks are so lame it depends on the prank. yeah it do if it truly like embarrasses someone if it has to. do with their public. facing life it's [ __ ] it sucks. and you're a piece of [ __ ] if you do that if it's just like a silly thing right in front of them in that moment in life then i like these youtube pranksters it's like these guys get guns. pulled on them it's like yeah. dude that's what's going. to happen what do you mean. like what dude you prank. someone and you're like watch i'm going. to i'm going to. try and pick up this. guy's girl and he's there you know here. we go and then the camera's like oh across the park. some like y [ __ ] with their gun it's like dude. what are you doing i read. about getting shot doing. that in the mall recently. [ __ ] he's like some big youtuber right. yeah it happens shot yeah and i have no. sympathy for those people well i mean. you don't want them. to get shot but yeah but i'm not like but you yeah. it's the most oh well that's what's going. to happen yeah yeah um god i hate. i hate this like new wave. of things like that where it's like on. camera i'm going to. do this yeah i hate to. this unsuspecting person like it's also [ __ ] you dude it's also it's also like it's crazy the social media. of it like i was talking to. a big youtuber recently he came to. my show last night and he was like um yeah i have to. do things that are going. to that i know are going to. be controversial even though i don't want to. a lot of the times like i'll i want. to do something that i i think is fun. or funny but it's not i i know it's not going to. get clicks and people aren't going. to see it so jeez and i'm like man. that sucks dude social media. used to be so better. admits it yeah i know i was like oh wow that's interesting. like can you without saying. who it is can you say. controversial in what way he meant. oh like political oh yeah oh geez. really so he you mean. he's saying i have to. put forth takes of my purportedly of my own. that not really he does. like man on the street. funny stuff oh he's a funny. guy okay got it it. got it got it got it. got it got it like go. to the [ __ ] dnc and like it got it got it got it got it i want to. know who it is you'll. tell me after the show i mean. i i guess i could say it here. there's no reason why is it. tom cruz it's tom cruz oh my god i knew it. who is it who it. danny mullen he's great who's that. he's really funny you'd recognize. him i'll send him to. you i'll decide if i recogniz him dude. anyway all right cool we'll do another one. hi chrisen mat this is heidi from el. paso hey heidi chris i saw you when you came um and i need advice so weird. i work in an office. it's full of cubicles right. i don't really talk to. anyone i've been here for a year. i only speak with my teammates and it's very like hi. good morning how's it. going now someone for the last two. months has been leaving these uh type of chocolates. i ate them and that's exactly. what my question is so it's been for 3. weeks someone's left them. on my desk as soon as i come. in they're already there and i don't know. who they're from i back. asked around and no one seems to. know who it is so my question. is should i eat them. cuz i have been eating them. is is it wrong. for me to eat them. should i just leave them. at my desk n help. what would you do. oh if i like if i liked to. eat a thing that i continually. found on my desk that was like safety. is wrapped up and un. you know i guess there's always syringes but yeah and i would ror blades eat. it every single time. well really and not give a [ __ ] sh show there people show. up at my show like a bag. of stuff that is like not. wrapped and i'm like meaning what they give it to. you chocolate croissant love. that video i got you chocolate. croissant and i'm just like wait wait wait wait what i'm not going. to eat that you know. right what that's like a call back. to the chocolate croissant. thing that you like yeah. i don't even like chocolate. croissants but like i mean i i they're fine. but like i did the video. you liked what that one. you found in australia no that. was almond croissant alond ciss. almond croissant you freaks. nobody's ever bought me. an almond croissant but uh anyway i'm not going to. eat it i'm not going. to eat it you know. why don't we talk one. time definitively about why you like that. choc croissant video so much. really yeah i mean i could break. it down here but i don't know. if you want me to. do that is it just going. to take too long. you mean it takes forever. okay then never mind yeah. it's the funniest video i've ever. seen in my life that's why. i'm saying if you don't know about it. then why don't you just well. no look up him. on youtube talking about just chryst. tr if you type in crystal le a lot. on youtube just type in chocolate. chriss on it'll be the first thing. that comes up that's true. uh it's my favorite video. it's just it's just my god i i'm only laughing. because i'm thinking about how you feel about. it dude i am it's like one of those. things where i'm like i can't. believe that that i could have not. seen that that would make that. that would have made my life. less good if i didn't see that that video has provided me so much. joy and that family. like that family i guess. i think they're big like on tik tok. or something i don't really know. i don't know they're from new. york is that accent i don't know probably i want. to meet them like just that. is that that video dude. have they ever like you because yeah they they they they like tagged me. in something once or but i know i don't know. but uh anyway all right. i love it anyway yeah. e the [ __ ] thing who cares life is too no i i don't agree oh [ __ ] you for putting something on my desk like that like you think you're cute. yeah but who is it. who cares no dude. no you know why because somebody comes. by drops a chocolate thing. over on your desk it's somebody. in the office duh. they're not admitting it okay. okay ah she's eating it. it could be like a sexual. thing she didn't even know. it's me dropping it and she's eating. it uhuh no way imagine that. being your sexual you're hang your oh dude. there's weirder ones of course. but that is such a like low. grade low stakes it's fine. it doesn't hurt anyone it's okay. but like you're not saying it's is anyone. getting a boner if. i eat this all right. cuz i'm just saying i don't know. who it is i don't want it. to be like and then you go. like this and you hear it's just weird. to be like on guard. about food you found on. your desk being someone's potential. kink like why is that where your head. goes oh [ __ ] i heard it over there who is it h the b. keeps moving dude uh it's like um that's like a rated r brian regan bit. um i keep crunching. the chocolate you know. keep crunching the ch. keep crunching the mysterious chocolate. now you're orgasm um yeah dude. all right i don't know hey matt. and chris love you. guys uh m from chicago. um i need your advices. on something uh so i own. a business it's here it's in a strip. mall and um so there's a lot of businesses in a recently. an employe from the business. next door has been coming into. my business and using our bathroom. taking number twos and sing. up the joint dude. he's trying to take away. from your b and this happened. the first time about 2. weeks ago he came ining asked if he could use the bathroom. we said sure no problem. man go for it come. back and sure enough you know. it it smells like a dookie back. there um but no big deal. there's a lot of potential. reasons why he might have had to. do that maybe somebody was occupying their uh maybe he was embarrassed. and want to. stink up his office. i don't know but we goes. by and then like 3 days in a row. he came in same. thing asked us if he could use our. bathroom and then proceeded to. blow the thing up and uh make it. stink back here and uh i don't. know what to do i don't. know how to approach this. it seems like it's becoming a pattern. um and yeah i need your help. i i don't know why. he might be doing this. there a lot of potential reason. maybe he's embarrassed by you know his coworkers not embarrassed to. deal with them there's a medical. reason i don't know i wouldn't be sensitive to. that but i also don't want it. to continue because we have people coming. in and out of our of our business. all day long and i don't want it. to be stinking all the time. so anyse yeah yeah we get it. oh you don't want your place. is small as [ __ ] oh okay here here here's here's what what. you do you next time. or you just go straight. next day at work you go. see if he's there if he's there you go. into his place. of business you talk to. me you say hey can we can i talk. to you for a second. sure yeah obviously he's going. to say yes no i'm going. to need you to. stop taking shits in my establishment thank you. i'll see you soon and then and then say by the way. can i use your bathroom. um that's it it's so so [ __ ] simple it's it's embarrassing only to. him just stop what's that [ __ ] that's what i said stop [ __ ] in in his at his workplace. who said i'll see you soon. i know but as who as the guy. asking the question as the guy. saying stop shooting my stop [ __ ] okay thanks i'll see you soon meaning like he will [ __ ] in his bathroom. no like i'll see you sometime. soon because we work next to. each other i like that dude. i'll see you soon dude. see you soon at the end. all right see you soon man. like you know it's fine. okay it's all good stop [ __ ] i'll see you soon. next time i'll be normal. so all right so uh i i think that we've had this. before really in lifeline yeah a version of it. oh god someone kept going. to the their floor. to [ __ ] it was uh different businesses r. different floors right. okay yeah that by the way. is a thousand times more. acceptable than this this is completely what's the difference i maybe wasn't listening. hard enough in the beginning he owns a business. next to another business. so it's next to. it that's crazy that's it's [ __ ] nuts dude really weird i go into. when i go into. i've done it twice now uh five guys it's near. the uh alfred's coffee i like and they the the the complex. alfred c doesn't have. a a bathroom and the complex. doesn't have a bathroom. so uh okay well there's a good reason. at least so i go to. five guys and i say. i've done it twice now i'm like yo guys i'm sorry. to do this dude. but like can i use your bathroom. like they don't have it. and they go oh yeah for sure. and so that's the way to. do it that's what he did. he asked he didn't just hustle. back and [ __ ] does he ask every time yes but he's not a customer he's not a customer and he's a business owner. of the one next door. they have a bath he's he's implying they have a bathroom. there that is weird i would if they don't. have a bath that's obviously different. he's he's he said they have a bathroom. yeah yeah that's weird. yeah there's no good reason. to do this i just love your bathroom. i just love not [ __ ] in my my place. of business i don't like when my bathroom. cuz when you [ __ ] it stinks and stuff you know i'm sure you've noticed the last couple. days let me use your bathroom. i don't want that to. happen to me in my business. because you know customers don't like it everything. so i'd rather do it. in your business so it. doesn't affect my place. of business okay thank you. yeah yeah so i'm just going. to go grump out. back there is that cool grump out dude. what's that from nothing. yeah just you know life. all right oh we got new merch. too by the way go. to lifeline dot com uh it's available yeah chris dot com. wherever gave up on. it forgot [ __ ] gave up on it lifeline lifeline merch dot com right lifeline merch dot com yeah i know merch dot com so bad at selling. things [music] f hello hello. hello 