 runk hello hello hello hello hello welcome to. episode 111 of lifeline. you guys it's a special episode. davis clark just left the ed. uh the uh the uh the studio. and he's great mr. lockton mr absolutely locked in bad. day be bad day to. be not a podcast. um and uh we talked to. him and he joined us on giving advice. to everybody and all that but that was fun. so listen to. the episode and also you could sign up. for our patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury and subscribe. that old that old live piece. is going to be up. on there oh live the live. show is going to. be up on there patreon. dot com lifeluxury and then on tour. i'm on tour at. uh in australia uh de moine um. green bay and a bunch of different. places coming up so go to. chris dot com thank you very. much make sure you subscribe. to the private record uh on youtube. go to the private record. dot com if you want to. submit yourself to be a potential guest. we got a pimping. pimping banging banging over there every wednesday a new episode uh you want a oneonone oneon one onone oneonone advice with me. go to mata. dot com and book. that baby baby and there. you go today's episode is is brought to. you by tanley tees dot com. lifeline let me tell you about that. stuff i got that cream on my face. right now i use that. every every shower get the am cream on. i've been looking good lately. and people have been saying hey dude even my mommy. even my very own mommy. who's also your mommy i know said hey what have. you been doing with your skin. lately this is true. and i told her w. so t hanley that's what's up. wow uh ti re. whoa that's awesome. though all right so what do we uh but also we got to. do the merch lifeline. merch dot com lifeline merch dot com. buy the merch the merch. is pimping pimping nonstop get every piece that ever existed. at lifeline merch dot com. okay thank you and without uh further. ado let's get in let's as as uh davis clark would say let's get after it. let's get locked in locked in. lock in episode 111. of lifeline enjoy all right welcome. to lifeline and here we are with with davis clark let's go. i'm fired up to. be here this is a dream. come true so we're going to. get it rolling and just bring a lot. of good energy today he's absolutely. fired up and here's the thing. man i saw this. guy's videos a while ago. know he works you work. with your brother you're with your brother. a lot here but but i noticed you first. from doing uh your social media. about how you were absolutely fired. up and locked in and you seemed very positive. and you seemed very uh like a gogetter. honestly you'd say you're a gogetter. yes i give my best best effort. every day no matter what it is so so of course he would say he's a gogetter. dude he's like the most gogetting individual. there is i know i know i don't know he's gogetting but i want him. to i want i want to. say like get his energy. about what what what he thinks. you know how he feels. about goting and cu maybe look he's all over social media. right now but maybe you don't know. him right maybe some of our crowds don't know. may some of your crowd. doesn't know who we are but but this is uh a uh an i don't know would you. consider yourself what would you consider. yourself i'm a regular person okay. every day i live by three. core values help others do the right. thing and enjoy life every day. those are the right. values so this is so good this. is basically h. how i wish i was that's funny. cuz that's how i wish you were too. yeah i like shs let's go. but like i don't but like i don't i get pissed. and i get upset and i get and i get down do you know what i mean. yes so hold on before. we even get into. that i noticed you in on a video. that was like let's get it. going absolutely dialed in uh work. day the early bird. gets a worm you're saying all these things that i'm like this. is these are qualities that in when you're a kid. they say are important. and that you try to. instill in people but you don't you. lose them along the way. right like you get you get tired. though i'm not perfect of course not but but like i get so tired. i get so so so lazy i go. i'll do it tomorrow i go. oh yeah i do want to. spread positivity but also that person that i opened the door for was a dick. right so i'm like why should i be nice to. that person this is all the stuff. that goes on my head. but you and i know social media. is different than real. life but you are absolutely. you you live this yes let's why. to ask are there moments. where you hit that level. that we're talking about or are you. always where you are when you're putting out. the video on social. media like are you always up. at that level or do you ever. hit dips i definitely have really. low points i'm lucky because i come from. an area where they're great. people they're working hard they're doing. the right things so dayto. day i have people around me. who truly care and when i hit those. low points someone's there to pick. me up because everyone has them i come. in with a lot of energy. i try my best but if something goes really. wrong and especially the last few months. i've had some really really just bad. experiences adversity major adversity even. the last few years. we've been carrying i don't know. what you call maybe a story line. just capturing our life and it really goes up. and down cuz a lot. of people see hey you're going. out you're really positive you have a lot of energy. but you'll see in the videos. we just try to. show life as it is and they're major failures. like even since the videos. of game traction people. say hey what have you. done i'm like i failed. the finance test i had a major accident. at the boston marathon and so there. are really low points. but i'm just like i'm going. to pick myself i wouldn't. think that you i wouldn't think that you would. fail what does that even mean. you failed a finance test. so right now i'm studing in the chartered. financial analyst program cfa it's a major finance certification and there are three levels. first level i passed a few years ago. second level it took me three tries. i failed it twice. and there were times when i was literally emotionally. broken i'm like i'm not even. sure if i'm going to. do this again but ultimately i helped coach. high school football as well. and the players out there. said coach you can't quit. you have to. give another shot so level two i went back. i passed it thanks. to them but i was about to. quit just throwing the towel they got me. going and then i recently failed. level three so be back at it i'm sure what what the kids. say about that don't worry the. kids they would say after it coach. yeah they say coach we're getting. ready for the season i've seen. them around and they're just completely supportive. so we'll see where it goes. it's like a one of those movies. where the you you think like he's got it. all together and then all of a sudden he starts. dipping and then the kids come to. the rescue and then he's like you're played. by washington it's like something out washington will play him. the movie be called abely locked in. absolutely locked in but i try. to live everything that i say. like when i go to. work i know that we're out. there to help people in the community. make sure that they're going. to have a lot of value. that they need and so i can say. hey we're doing the right. things out here we're literally helping people. whether it's having a savings account. getting their first home so i see the importance i'm like you. know what i really do feel. good about my 9. to5 job let's give it a full effort. man that's really good and that's really inspiring. and it's really nice uh i uh you did. have a uh an incident you said you had an accident. in the uh marathon yes. but let's talk about this. because this is kind of something that happens. this is something that happens. what what are we talking about. he he didn't what was it. a marathon yeah you want me. to give the full story go ahead. i'll do just listen. listen to this this is a crazy. story okay so over the past few. years i've had a lot of these bucket. list items that are endurance. races so go out run. a marathon do a triathlon do. an ultra marathon and i've had major ups. and downs there yeah i bet and about three months ago. yeah probably three months ago. i guess it's may so back. in february i got really sick. and i wasn't able to. really run and train properly. okay so for about month. didn't really exercise talk up on the mic. here oh let's go you're good. okay here we go. so about three months. ago get really sick and i realized okay. i'm not able to. run for about a month and boston marathon's coming up we're from boston so it's a big event. and with about two weeks. to go i realized hey i've got an opportunity. to run and i've got to. start training again so on about two weeks. of training i go out send the boss. to marathon my body definitely. was not prepared like it should be so about mile. 20 i'm slugging it out but i've got to. go to the bathroom. oh god most runners 26. miles i can't drive m 20. i've got to go to. the bathroom but the kicker is. everyone says if you go under three. hours in a marathon. is considered a. good race okay but if they don't all. people are going to. rip you up especially on social media. if i come in over. three there's no chance i could. ever make that but you want. to get under three hours yeah. the goal is you get under three hours. but that's a crazy good time. that's hard to do that. sounds very hard take i would have to. bring a tent i mean. it would take me. so long no way. no way you could do it. if you're out there ping every day. it's the get out there. get after it but pretty much. mile 20 i realized if i want to. come in under three. hours i could not stop to. go to the bathroom. uh and i get to. the top of this. hill heartbreak hill it's a famous. one say heartbreak hill. it's where it crushes. people and i say you know what i've got to. go to the bathroom. i'm going to poop my pants. so i can make this time. and i split second poop my pants. all of a sudden running. a little faster dude. couple miles i got to. keep pooping my pants. over and over you keep going. you cut the anchor over and over again. just slug dude and that's the moment. in the movie in denzel washington you see. him [ __ ] himself and he's just like [ __ ] you keep going the chaing was so bad bleeding so imagine you run through the streets of boston didn't stop going nuts and i made it under 3 hours 2 hours 56 minutes barely made it that's that outlook i try to. have i'm willing to. do whatever it takes honestly if you stopped to. go to the bathroom. you wouldn't have made it hour. think about five minutes or whatever. it tak 35 minutes for me. but dude that is unreal. that you did that and now here's the thing. that's a that's people do do that. in marathons they go i'm not i'm not i know they pe themselves. but i would have to. imagine they [ __ ] themselves. too right normal thing. but people just don't show it. well that's what i was going. to tell you he goes. yo i'm i'm out here i'm in a marathon. i [ __ ] myself it's all good just getting after it it's like i'm like oh my god so this became obviously this blew up on social media. but but i'm like oh wow this guy [ __ ] himself. which i didn't know is normal. until i was talking to. people like yeah that does happen. in marathons but then i'm like yeah but showing it. telling people about it. and then showing it dripping down his legs. i'm like blood everything you know what i mean. yeah he doesn't care no. no no us very inspiring. now so here's the thing okay. they say as an adult. you're not supposed to. [ __ ] yourself now if you [ __ ] yourself that's um that's bad but if you mean to. do it that is so dope. you know what i'm saying let's go. i did it for the people. cuz i always try to. show life hey whatever it's going to. take because i want to. show hey i made this threehour time. hey it's great we're celebrating we're excited but at the same. time look down and you'll see what it. took to get here i. had to really give it. everything i had so basically what you're saying is i [ __ ] myself for you people yeah you yeah cu i knew that it would be powerful we came in big time race and probably people around the world saw it and said hey this dude gave it everything he had you know what else happened everybody else who ever did a marathon and [ __ ] their pants saw that and thought better. i feel better about what i did. cu this guy sh sh shame [ __ ] yes because i've seen at these events. people have signs up. now it's like what would davis clark. do go after it poop your pants. and keep slugging it out. it's been electric yes so hope we can start. that and just get people feel more conf. about whatever awesome making a difference in the world. like literally that's what that is you know. [ __ ] early the last time. i [ __ ] myself the last time i [ __ ] myself was i don't remember the last time usually it's it would have to. be in a car right. i remember when i did but yeah i was in a car. i remember when you did you weren't. there you called me. oh really yeah yeah you're like i'm going. to [ __ ] i have to. [ __ ] so bad it was so bad dude i was just like just go i had just started dating a girl and i had spent the night at her for the first time and i didn't want to. like stink up her. bathroom you know what i'm saying. so i was like no i don't need get breakfast. i got to run. i got to go. you know i didn't want to. say why so i just get i get to. it but then it's la it's la traffic. and i'm like in the middle. of a freeway on the tube. there's no place to. go i could pull over the side. of the road but it's broad. daylight rush hours slow traffic. and i'm just like i'm going. to make it i'm going. to go all the way. home and i i'm at the offramp. on the freeway i'm like 2. minutes away from my house. i'm like standing up like just like literally like my i'm trying. to like manage my feet. on the pedal yeah. dude basically i'm just like trying to. tin up and i just i'm looking at myself. in the mirror you know trying. to do some davis clark [ __ ] just be like you can do this. you got it you got it. you know and i didn't i didn't got it. i but you you that's you're a [ __ ] for that. for what for cuz you didn't go. he probably been like dude. got to get after it. and sh my girlfriend's. place if the end was in sight for him. though he probably would have been like i bet. i can hold it for another. 30 seconds no he i don't know but he seems so comfortable that he's like yo. sweetie i'm locked in i'm going. to [ __ ] i'm going to. [ __ ] and i was alone dude he was in front of millions of people you know just in the [ __ ] but uh but you were like nah and then you went and by mistake your [ __ ] in the car no i let go i let go course you just have to. own up to of course you let go. you have to. let go the real problem. was when i got out. of the car it was very difficult. to manage not getting it. well yeah you know cuz you'd happen. to you yeah oh wow. so what did you do. when you you go to. clean up and then you go to. how do you do you run. there's got to. be a place to. clean up got a medical. right there i saw some people i know and they were phenomenal. they brought me right. over volunteers helped me. get cleaned up and yeah. just a big shout out. to everyone that's so cool. you're so positive so what we do. in this show is we have uh uh people submit. videos yes i like the idea of having a a crew. of characters coming on this podcast. and when i saw you i was like this. guy's great to. give advice for these people because you're so uh positive. and we are not necessarily positive. so i was like let's get this. dude see if he wants to. come on the podcast. do lo behold you're here so we take some mission. videos and and uh well you want. to go to the first one. right let's see it. hope help people because that's my number one. goal just help people well that's what we're here for good number one goal oh this is hey chris and matt aio love you guys love the show um try to. make it short i am. a 24 year old virgin. only because i just the opportunity. had hasn't arisen to. have sex with usually. why someone's a verion but i currently have the opportunity. oh uh i match. at this girl on a dating app. started texting a little bit uh one. thing needs to know. that she tells me she has an only fan and of course i think oh sheach just going. to make me sign up. for it and this just going. be like that but turns out she's looking. for people to oh film. videos with now i know could be someone looking. to rob me i know. this could be a robot i know. this could all be one thing. leaning to another and i even told her. that i was a virgin. and she seemed fine with it. it's good for her question. to y'all is what do you think should i do it. um not super opposed to. the idea of uh doing it. on camera i feel. like that's just the way. things are going nowadays but uh wanted to. get y'all's take again. love the show love you guys is wild. to be like to. lose your to decide to. i don't know i recently. read an article about this. gang bang i forget her. name but yeah i always read. articles about gang bangs. no but it was like she it. was written by the person that exper like did it. [ __ ] like 200 guys in the span of i don't even remember very. short period of time. ar some of them. were virgins so i think this is like a kind of a thing. where like only fans. or porn stars will actually [ __ ] fans i don't he's not a fan. this is obviously a unique. circumstance they will [ __ ] fans that are virgins. like on camera and that's part. of a thing that that they do. so i what i'm saying. is what i would think is that. this girl that you met. is probably like it's she's probably. into it for that. factor that you are a virgin. whether you should do it. or not sounds like she didn't. know though he told her he said he told her. right eventually yeah yeah and then she asked to. do it that's what i'm saying. it sounded like he knew before. say say if she really has an only fans where she [ __ ] guys this is probably an added bonus the fact that you're a oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but but that doesn't that doesn't answer. the fact that he should he do. it or not i know. i just said whether you should do. it or not is another. issue yeah i mean i think that that's if that's your first experience is going. to be on camera. on on some chicks only fans. that i don't know i mean. i guess there a guy. it doesn't really matter but is there. a way to not show. your face is what i would would want. he said he didn't give a [ __ ] he he says oh own. own who you are what do. you think dude what do. you think you should do i'm definitely not. an expert in this situation. i work in business. i'm really fresh out of the cubicle coming to. the recording studios uh where i'm just literally plugging. when exl spreadsheets trying to. make things happen different kind of plugging. away this guy uh so i i'm just trying to. spread a positive message and just have people. go out and live the life. maybe maybe he should do it. and be like hey to. all the virgins out there. look what's possible when you're a virgin. you can [ __ ] only girls i think you should i think what you should do is try. to i mean if he's been saving. it for this long it's 24. who cares no there's no. saving it if you like no. no but there is if he's like i'm saving. it i don't think that's the point. he said only because oh right. it hasn't aison he's not he's not holding. out okay yeah okay oh then it doesn't matter i don't think it doesn't matter yeah i don't think it matters. do what it might matter. all i would say is the only way. it could matter is if the thing. you want to. do in life like where you want. to go yeah you being on camera. having sex would be bad for that. you're only 24 that's young. dude you don't want to. like shoot yourself in the foot that. early on except for things are changing. so much if you want to. be president that help that'll help. do not have sex on only fans. no in in that'll we will for sure. have a president who's had sex. on camera before it will. it will happen maybe on a private. video but not on like some girls. only fans i think so the way. you're definitely wrong you the way. it's going the way it's going. way it's going dude. there are no signs. there's no writing on the wall. that say pretty soon the guy. who's going to be president. we'll have [ __ ] didn't think trump was gonna win because he was saying crazy [ __ ] he won he won and then people like love him yeah but that's not like he's not in the coine you know he's the total oneof i think baby steps okay baby steps um so i i you know yeah i i would say it doesn't matter and and and and i guess that's what matt's saying and and and he's saying just get after it and do excel spreadsheet saying so's also good advice totally different business yeah um all right yeah do it good luck [ __ ] it let us know what happens if you do do it by the way and definitely let us know how we can watch this yeah and send us a video so uh all right yeah but send us a private link so okay yeah so anyway cool all right yo what up guys uh jer here from episode 69 i'm calling back to. i got another [ __ ] situation here oh boy. i'm like you look at me. right this guy must get a lot. of woman right i know. i know but it's not really like that. i i just get them. where they come but just like no. i was going to. make a there but so i don't talk. to hot girls all the time. when i like see them in person. sure no one does or like never really okay. and then i'll just with my friend. uh and then we pulled. up to the gas. station i saw this. hot girl coming in i was like yo this hot chick's. [ __ ] just pull them blah. blah i'm chilling there pumping. the gas make eye. contact eye contact with the girl me and obviously i don't do. nothing i'm just like y. to look away. pump my gas i get back. in the car my friend's like hold. on turns down the music. gets out the car goes. over there she's already in her. car at this point. it's like oh yo what's up. bang grabs her instagram whatever gets back. in the car and i'm just like bro. what the [ __ ] and i'm just like dude. why can't i do that. i'm sure if i just start talking. to on good i just can never do. that initial oh he's scared. yeah course just interaction. if they're like if they look really good you know. so uh help me out man. help me out go. fail right go fail. i've gone through failures honestly. the biggest thing i noticed when i watched. that video was there. was no traffic one of the major issues. he's riding in the car. i mean every day. i'm out there commuting to. work in boston usually i'm on the train. cu the traffic is so bad. to drive in it's crazy. i mean we're out here in los. angeles oh dude traffic is ridiculous. you can literally add an hour. to your ride so i see. that that jumps out of me. right away dude's flying down the freeway yeah. you you got to. go to get get in get in the mode. to where you go and you see and you see the the hot. girl and you are in the mode. where you will [ __ ] yourself in front of her. and you don't have to. [ __ ] yourself in front of her obviously don't but that might not go over too well. that wouldn't go over too well. but but i tell you what if you go. it's like bombing doing stand. up you go up you don't. you bomb that's what it. is that's what you were. scared of right yeah of course so after that you know what it is and you're not as scared of it. anymore like what are you scared. is going to happen. she's going to what she going. to do laugh at you. right that's the biggest thing that guys are afraid of i think. so most is probably getting laughed at. but my point is if you're going if you're out. there if you have an attitude. of like i'm going to. go fail yeah and you have the [ __ ] yourself attitude. of i'm going to. [ __ ] myself in front of this. woman and then she's going to. laugh and then the next one's going to. be easier dude make yourself. do it you're in control. of you maybe you know. your mind's [ __ ] you up. you make your body in control. of your mind you know. people always say make your it's about your mind. dude sometimes it's about your body. just make your [ __ ] feet walk up to. the woman yeah that's good. advice i also think and this is just from my own. personal experience i have learned that something that is much worse. than the worst kind of rejection. which is whatever getting laughed at. getting [ __ ] i've never been slapped. in the face but i would imagine something. like that the only thing. worse than that is and it's much. worse is regretting not talking to. that one girl you saw at that. one place that one time. dude i have gone years. thinking [ __ ] i wish i talked to. that one one time yeah in my life. yeah yeah for sure which is why. lit i don't do that i specifically never even. when i'm like oh this. is going to go. so badly i make myself. at least try to. talk to whoever because it's way. better than possibly regretting. it oh wow you never know. the thing you're going to. regret too so you've thought about it. afterwards and like oh man. i missed out maybe. not did i miss out. but like what might have happened. yeah yeah uh how are you with that. like with with like meeting women. and stuff do you in the world. just like do you have that. same mentality that you have with. everything else i always just try to. respect everyone so i'll always just try. to be friendly with people. i don't talk too much. about personal life got it. got it that's one. big thing but i always try to. be friendly i hear what people. have to say maybe what's going. on in their lives and just try to. hopefully add a little bit. positivity to it yeah yeah yeah because i i can't imagine i actually don't even know what you're 20. i'm 27 so being young. buck yeah but being that age. now too like you yeah i don't know. what it would be like to. be out there on scene. i i mean i talked to. a lot of guys my age. and certainly younger that. are like i don't talk. to women out in the world. anymore because they're just it's the apps. now and women are not receptive. to being approached in the world. oh yeah yeah yeah so so you' be. like oh you know what this. guy said is i got this girl's. or the girl got the instagram. you probably don't even get the number. anymore no i don't think so yeah. you i guess you obviously that's probably like whoa. buddy is it there's nothing like talking. to people in real life. even if it's just work where it's work. from home whatever it is or something. about meeting a person. well that's the other thing. i think what i always say. to guys that talk like that. to me i'm like dude. the way to stand. out then if everybody's afraid to. go up and talk to. women give me your house. address the way to stand. out is to. actually do that in person. coming over later what's the house. address we're going to. chill no that's too much. then you get then you get arrested. okay okay yeah i'm definitely not. an ext she give me her dr. she gave me her. dress so um all right. yeah you got to. make your body do people are always think say oh it's about your mind. your mind's more strong stronger. than your body no dude. your mind can't lift weights. your body lifts weights. make your body do the thing. and then your mind will follow. sometimes interesting advice yeah yeah because i remember the first time. i did stand up. for a show i was like how am i going. to get on stage i'm it's my turn to. go on stage how am i going. to do that i was so nervous. my mind shut down and i just go it's up. to my body i'm going. to take one step in front of the all. i have to do. is focus on one. step i took took a step another step. another step then i was on stage. and then he walked off the stage cuz he kept taking steps no. no and i was on stage. and then i was like all right. this is i'm here and then i started talking it. was all about the physical of it. not the mental it. must take a lot. of guts because it's just you up. there it's almost like one of those sports. where it's just you versus the world. all comes down to. you yeah i mean it's it. was terrifying in the beginning. but you know it's not anymore. it's that's what i'm saying. like so the more you do [ __ ] the the more you do it. the less scared. you'll be and avoid regret. i think is uh my big thing. just avoid regret you don't. want to be thinking about what. could have what could have. happen all right let's take a quick. break and uh give some advices about skin. care we are excited to. have te hanley as a. sponsor of today's video. they help men start and maintain a skincare routine. by simplifying the entire process honestly it's the best. skincare system for guys like you and me. i know this because because i'm on this. routine now and look at the glow look at the glow look at the glow you do. look good thank you uh i recommend. you start with their level. one system it's what i started. with which comes with all. the basics everything you need a daily. face wash to get rid of the dirt. and grime on your skin. uh a two times per. week exfoliating scrub to. get rid of dead skin cells. and am moisturizer pm moisturizer. too my favorite part about. te handley is that every box. comes with an instruction card. that tells tells you when to. use each product how much to. use and in what order. i always hate having to. figure out is this. enough is this the right. amount where do i put it. how do i do it. you don't have to. worry about that that's what you get with. te hanley you don't. have to think about that. at all they make the process of achieving. and maintaining amazing skin easy. so easy super easy their products have made my skin look and feel even better. but you don't have to. just take my word for it. they have literally over 7,000 fstar reviews on their website. from satisfied customers from all around the world. this is not something you want to. put off because prevention is key. get ahead of any signs. of aging now your future. self will thank you i got lost. in this box yeah. i mean this is awes. got retinal stick they have something it. says balls for antichafe powder anything. that says balls on it. is good for chris and because te. is sponsoring this video they're offering you an amazing. deal just click the first link. in the description to. get 30% off your first skincare system. and a free gift. plus as a member you'll also get 20% off. for life both gifts. you are choosing from are. a $20 value and complete game changers. a silicone body scrubber or a nail. and face grooming kit. personally i prefer the nail. kit because i like to. keep my hands looking like they they belong. in a magazine like look very nice yeah. i i frankly prefer the body. scrubber because it feels amazing. on my skin when i scrub. scrub scrub scrub scrub. scrub anyway don't wait any longer. click the first link in the description. to start your skincare journey. today thank you what up. baby huge fan matt. i love you too. you're awesome um like your advice. on some some issue. that isn't really an issue. yet but it could potentially be an issue. i'm getting married in june. and my fiance who i love. very much asked me. the other day if we should make babies. on our wedding night. oh don't get me wrong. i love kids i want. kids but also i'm the youngest. men alive you know what i mean. i'm only 24 and also money. i know for chris having two. kids they didn't make a dent. but established let's just say. we're in different tax brackets. right i know i might look the part. but uh yeah anyways i'd love your. guys' advice on what you think. uh what you would do thanks. guys kids aren't that. expensive right out the gate. that happens when they start going to. school and stuff so if you plan on getting. that paper and you're going to. be rich boy which you are. look at that fat tie. knot i think you'll be all right. except for make a baby. on your wedding night i feel. good about this guy. really yeah i would i would normally. say no but this guy i believe in this. guy but there's betting. on yourself right that's and i think he should bet. on himself he seems like. he's going places my buddy. asked me if he should uh get a uh um a new house. because he's got kids and he's like i got money. coming in but you never really know. and um my rent will double but i'll have more. room for the kids and i said let me. think about this and i wrote back. afterwards and i was like i think you should bet. on yourself if you're really talented. and i think you'll make it happen. right i mean part of that's got to. be part of what you're talking. about is like putting that energy. out in the world you'll get it. back yes right one thing. that i'm trying to. learn is like i can see right. away that he means business. he shows up he's presentable he's well dressed shirt and tie. so he's probably out there. working hard and just representing. hey this is what i care. about i care about how i look i'm going. to try to. do a good job. for you and i always say we're all trying. to come out there. and be heavy hitters to. one day just rise up. like you're saying be able. to afford all these things and make a big impact. on the community and it looks like he's taking those. first steps yeah i feel like bet. on yourself i guess yeah dude. make the babies on the wedding. night i don't know tell the story also you. never know if you're going to. make the baby on the wedding. night right you could not the thing. she could not be ovulating. on that particular night. scien now listen though. maybe she planned the wedding. night around her ovulation schedule and didn't tell him. she likes the secrets because do in which case. women try to trap you. you got a good partner. in life she's planning. ahead trust it even. more do it see what. i'm saying right they love each other. it's not like she's trying to. trap them they're going to. have kids they're going to. have kids he said that. himself he wants to. have kids right right. right right right but but he's only 24 24. is young that's younger. than anybody right here right. you're 27 i'm 27 that's crazy. young yeah you can know that because he just said that i know but i know that is to. to remember forget. because we're going a mile. a minute you know. but i was right. i said you're 27. and i said right. you did yeah so don't be you know. i mean okay yeah no you're right. everyone's out there to. get after no matter what age. you are just trying to. do good things everyone's out. there trying to get after i don't know if everyone's out. there trying to get after some people are not trying. to get after it dude. that's what we're trying to. do though just bring the positivity. the energy just kept people going. out there saying hey today i've got an opportunity to. do something great so if we had everybody. out there getting after it what you think there. would be flying cars. at this point there. would be what if everybody. was out there getting after there. would be wizards it would be wild. amazing let's put it this. way okay since the 90s. if everyone decided you know what i'm just going. to get after yeah yeah how do you think it. would be right now in 2024. cancer be done cured. well cancer would be out for sure. yeah a hiv well hiv. is pretty much out but that's cuz people were getting. after it exactly people getting. after it hiv they're getting. after but not for cancer. they're not really getting after they're trying. to keep you sick. getting after doing everything. go ahead divine getting before we get into. that definition i think the question. isn't okay what if people were getting after it. from 1990 to. now i think it's hey can we get people. to get after it now. where are we going to. be in 20150 how can we make the world. a better place and this is why. he's a different mentality. because i'm like we should have. done it and he's like but we can yeah right. right right right so how are we going. to be in 2050 if we start getting. after it now so not in 19. so if we start now getting after it. everybody on the planet. by 2050 where do you see. us i think number one. people will be happier. and they'll feel better about. what they're doing because i truly am. a normal person i wake up. i work out i go. on the train into. to work i work in a cubicle all day. 9 to5 try to. do good things i go. home i see a lot of good. people friends family people i've known for years. and there's just something really supportive about. that i think if we can start. to replicate that more and more maybe life will. still just be the same. but people will feel better. about it and i believe there. will also be great things. that come whether it's inventions. but even if you're just a person. who's making a small impact on. the people around you it's still important. and i like you're saying it'll add up. so much over time it's true. yeah how often do you cry. i cry a good amount. i mean hey when i fail. that finance test and i have to. announce it probably to. millions of people i'm going. to cry uh i'm going. through some crazy physical challenges. i'll cry too but i'll let it out. there i'll reset lock back. in and then say hey i'm going. make something good happen. next that's cool have you always been. super positive usually i'm pretty positive. i've had a lot of energy. and i have this outlook where it's hey something. went wrong but i can put it out. lock in dial in and just focus on. the next task at hand got it. cool ah he's so different. than me though you know. yeah oh yeah hey we're all that's awesome. that's what's going to. make the world such a good. place jesus christ and everyone's gloom and doom i know you're saying out in la it's june gloom. it's like hey we're here this. place is awesome it's an adventure we're meeting all these. cool people and there's so much greatness. going on yeah there is yeah yeah all right. okay yeah let's let's take let's get fired. up i'm fired up now let's go. the middle of is getting. immediately fired up is amazing. okay go next one next one. fired up for it. hey chris and matt big fans. uh wanted to ask a question. that's not super deep but i feel like particular. chris and i'm sure also matt. uh would like it because it's very much in the nittygritty. so my girlfriend and i are currently. having a dilemma right now about these little cakes. in a plastic container and i'll show you. so these are the cakes. that's that are left. those look terrible and i was going. to take this one. to leave two rows of two. and it's nice and even and symmetri. only way to do it. however my girlfriend wants me. to take this one. completing the rose as they go. along so just want to. ask you guys which which one would you take or is. there a different solution. uh yeah let me know. there's only one to. take it's the one you were going. to take i would frankly. question everything now that she wants to. take sided if you take the [ __ ] other one i can't imagine a person. that would take also don't eat those. don't eat those wait. do you eat sweets. i don't eat my desserts. you're very healthy you run. you jack a sixpack. you have a sixpack uh i don't know i i've the ps recently i honly haven't been as disciplined as i should have been oh but that's what he always say. i'm trying my best you're pretty. locked in dude i don't have abs. i i i i kind of have abs. a little bit but i've been you know. working on the shoulder. pain and so i can't. really do a lot of like you know. crazy stuff but you know. n it doesn't matter talking. about me but um it's real. boring i think people overthink. a lot of things like right. there it's such a small decision. and just think about the bigger picture. hey what's he going to. do today uh what else. can he be doing that's really. going to make a bigger impact. so you think to. to maybe even just like be like look sweetie. it doesn't matter i'm going. to take the one. you think i should take who cares. and then after that deal. with the real issues get after it. yeah he's got to. get after it right. go back to the definition. of getting after's get back. to getting after yeah what is i think when a person. is completely focused on what they want. to do when they're just saying. hey i'm going to. do this whether it takes one minute. 10 hours whatever it. is i'm just going to. give my full focus so that i can do it. to the best of my ability. and i think everyone's got different. abilities everyone has different uh levels. that they're going to. be able to. perform at but it's just that. act of saying hey i'm going to. do everything i can in my power. to do this very well that's extremely well defined uh wow. you didn't even say um once no you just had it. at the ready dude get after it. ask me what get after it. is what's getting after it. what does it mean. i don't even know like i wouldn't. i don't even know fully focused. on whatever you have to. dock it's almost like you're in the zone. you can't even describe it. you just know doing the right. like i pretty much get after it. if i'm on stage you know i'm getting after what. do they call that it's called. something it's not in the zone. that's another way to. say it but it's called something like scientifically. uh flow state there we go yes. exactly where you're in it. and you don't even remember it. happens when we drive like you're like how did i even get here that's how it was when i asked him. how old he was i wasn't even. paying attention he asked 27. yeah but no i yeah flow. state like when you're doing stand. up i i i when i'm doing standup. i can get there yeah i can do. that do you do you have a hard. time remembering what just happened. when sometimes yeah i'm trying to. figure out when's a good time. to rob you now i have a good sense. st and you all are experts because i can even see. it now i mean the way. you can approach this conversation. it's really cool to. see oh that's that's nice to. say you know what i i think. that a lot of it. probably has to do with the fact. that we're brothers like don't you have a short. hand with your brother brennan who's over. here by the way but you have a short. hand with them right. the way you talk yeah both. my brothers my sister well yeah something how many siblings you got i've got two. brothers and a sister all after it yeah. so i'm the oldest and so that's probably some of i was try. to set a good example. obviously i'll make mistakes. but you guys all get along. or do you guys butt. heads or what yes i mean. every now and then we'll have disagreements but we really get along. we have a special dynamic. we're not trying to. out compete each other we're all trying to. fight we're all just here to. support each other and we're happy. when 27 the oldest how old is. the youngest uh goes 27 uh. to 19 is the youngest. so we're all pretty close. in age yeah one. cool thing was my two brothers. and i we're all at college. at the same time so we be able. to see each other just have special memories that's great. just yeah really cool things. to bond together same. school same school university of massachusetts. amherst where local people out there. in boston and there truly is nothing. like it all our friends. would be out there. too damn it's really cool. i guess you're asking like hey when you have failures. what really is the difference. where you can get back. up and it truly is the people. around me just yeah dude. definit yeah for sure. okay you should run for president. someday uh i don't know we'll see we'll just see how life goes i'm just trying to. go day to day my life. has changed so much in the past. few months and we're just out. here there to. help people every day wait i want. to ask you real quick. when did your social media. start to blow up. like when was that the social media. took off january 2nd. 2024 so only about four months. ago i had about 1,400 followers. is going into. 2024 here we are in may. dude you have like almost a million followers or something. right when i first saw you you didn't have many followers no yes and you were one of the key. people where you started. sharing it and it just took off that was the biggest thing. all of a sudden i changed my content. where instead of focusing on endurance. events like marathons i started working uh in boston about seven months. ago and so i started focusing hey everyone's going to. have to work maybe not everyone wants. to go run. like crazy get sick. but everyone's going to. have to work they're going. to have to. take tests so just showing okay. here's what we're going to. do we're going to. get after it today i'll go. on the train i'll see my friends. this is awesome hey at the end. of the day what' you do and just those little things. in life that make a difference it's uh that's fast. that's a fast it. is fast but it's also like you're kind of like a life. coach in a way i mean. you're not but like you know. but but like being like an inspirational figure yeah yes is what he is. yeah we need more people like that. honestly hey thank you cuz i'm just a regular person. literally anyone can do. it i mean i'm not winning. any world championships anytime soon. i always say i'm not the smartest i'm not the fastest. i'm not the strongest but i'm going. to give it everything. that i have hell yeah. dude and hopefully more people it'll resonate with them. and hopefully we can just make everyone's lives. a little bit better hell. yeah dude but yeah it's been a crazy. few months yeah it. sounds nuts even now what you're saying. i mean next week i'll be back. working the cubicle uh trying to. make sure those spreadsheets are lined. up and that the numbers. hell yeah dude it will. be good spret energy honestly i don't even know what a spreadsheet. is oh we hammer. spreadsheets but i don't even know. what hammering a spreadsheet would. [ __ ] be honestly it's when you go in there you put in formulas. diing it up what's a formula. oh it's like math class when you're in school. like equals they've got vlookups. okay oh now you're into. now get the technical side. so when you get the technical side. you get fired up yes i think it's awesome. because i'll be working on. these projects for months. at a time and when you finish it. whether it's the code running. or the numbers making sense. you can have full confidence. it's a great sense of so that. gives you full confidence yes. so when you go you go i'm going. to look at these spreadsheets i'm going. to kill it. you get the numbers right. and you're like okay oh dude. that feels good to. you yes that's interesting isn't that [ __ ] crazy dude. what's crazy about that. it's a job well done. dud because i don't give a [ __ ] about that. stuff but you give a [ __ ] about the thing you do what do you mean i know but it's so different. it's the same thing flow. state right it's the same thing. it makes us feel good. i'm out there making people laugh. and what i'm doing is like telling silly. little jokes he's out. there getting after making sure people can live their lives. you know getting getting uh getting houses getting. you know yeah but so are you so is everyone. exact everyone that's getting. after it is helping society. go but i feel a little like you know. how like sometimes sometimes. i feel like because people come up. to me and they'll be like dude. you help me through a rough time. i was laughing i listen. to your podcast listen. to your stand up. you know thanks for be. you know and i don't know them. and i meet them and i'm like oh that's very sweet. of you thank you for sharing. that with me but then i'm like like i i don't actually. sometimes let myself feel good. about that because i'm like there's doctors out there. that are actually saving people's lives and i'm just up. here talking about pants on. stage or whatever it is. you know what i mean. yeah but it feels like imposter syndrome. you know yeah yeah okay fair. enough but that doesn't mean. that they don't mean it. when they say it you know. i have to i have to. let that sit maybe more yeah. dude yes we're all one team. working together it's just like in sports. everyone's got a different role. a different job but you're all contributing. to that that same dude. you got a center you got a safety. you got a quarterback not everybody. does the same thing you know. yes different skill sets i'm the quarterback. but yeah you know oh we need some more. chirps out here let's go yeah. hell yeah honestly that's all. we do usually but um yeah. but wait so uh i'm uh yeah i don't that's it's interesting. he's so a guy that i would hang out. with oh i'm thank you. so much hey we're out here. hanging out today let's go that's true. right and now we're going to. be probably friends get it. rolling come to. boston which i don't know when it'll be next. but you come to. my show it'll be fun. oh yeah let's get it. going let's get the people fired. up because i'm always for the people whoever's going to. make their lives better whether it's fun. or getting after there getting after monthly and quarterly reports. we're all about it. wow monthly quarterly reports is amazing. see so the thing is sometimes. i i go on stage. and i make people feel good and i i like to. do that but then sometimes also they walk out. they don't like my they go. like this oh this. guy's talking about issues that i i don't i don't agree. with i'm leaving and even though. it's just jokes you know. what happens to you. i get up i get i get guess. i get upset you do. no no i don't i don't get upset. but it's like you can't let the people get to. you because one of the other reasons. that the social media. is taken off is because people tried. to pick on me they would write the craziest. things in the comment section they would make fun. of me that must have fed. the algorithms but there were times where people be saying oh are you going to. stop putting these videos up but i'm saying. no i believe in what we're doing we're out. here to change people's lives. for the better hey all those people ha. the comments [ __ ] all of you right. there can't say that but that's wild. to be a hater like i can't i cannot people that do [ __ ] like that there would be like thousands of comments where they just hey i hate you you're the ugliest person. on the internet yeah i mean. i see really like i happens. of course that happens. people are i i mean don't get me. started i cannot handle i hate. nothing bothers me more than that. kind of that used to. bother me a lot. and now it does not bother. me anymore but i shouldn't a major opportunity. you have the chance to. take someone who isn't feeling good. maybe they're picking on you because they don't feel good. about themselves and just help. them have a different outlook. and i think it's really powerful. cuz i've had people come up. to me on the streets. and they said hey i wrote awful. things about you i said i was going. to beat you up. if i saw you on the streets. but here i am today i. really respect what you're doing. and yeah you've changed my life. for the better true stories multiple times. awesome really yes so it's been powerful. and i think sometimes you'll be doing your work. and you don't necessarily see the impact. that has on people so that's been the biggest thing. with the social media. people come up and share hey this 15second video that might not seem that. power ful it's convinced me. to say hey i want to. take this test i want. to go after this. goal that i have and i think that that's been amazing. or even just talk to. the girl right like the guy did set. in the car you know. so the small things make a difference do you respond. to people the hate the hate comments. ever i've put out some videos. where i'll share back. that's another reason that came up. i used famous speeches as well. football pumpup speeches where it's like. hey i'm a man. i can handle it. you can pick on me. other ones i have fun. with it like i've heard bear chs. at the duck p. just going out there. just playing around with it cool. that's awesome yeah all right. let's do the next one. let's keep going yeah let's see. you all have interest in cliffs. i gotta say what are your thoughts. on parents being involved. in their kids activities. like sports because i grew up. playing sports and i had some friends. who quit playing at a young. age just because their parents. usually their dad would apply. way too much pressure be way. too hard on them. um because they want to. live vicariously through their kid. or whatever the case. may be and it just sucked. to watch um so what are your thoughts. chris as as your kids get older. um if they want to. try new things are you. going to be hands. off are you going to. encourage them to. do certain things he died. he died m he passed away. it's weird that i so i was i go. to tball with calvin my my fouryearold. and i love it i love it. i love doing it. i love going with him. does he still like it. i don't know if he's going. to be a baseball player. well you should know by. now by now you should be that should be clear. if he's going to. be the next bar bonds he he's like i yeah. let's go to. tball and then we'll throw a few. balls and then he'll hit a tball. and then he'll be like when can we go. home but that that's also like a what a fouryearold. you know four that's so young. but then i see other kids. that are like kind of just like running. around and doing it and like this. is maybe what they're going. to be doing for a few. years right like playing the ball. and then um and i was like helping the coach. you know i'm not the coach. and not that i wouldn't be i maybe i would but i'm like trying. to get him to. get in defensive stance waiting for the ball. you know cu i play a lot. of baseball when i was a kid. yeah he just was like he he started. out like this yeah and i'm like no you got to. straighten up your back and then he goes right. and i'm like is this. where do i stop oh right. yeah yeah yeah being like no no. no no come on like this. you know not that i'm doing it. like that i think you have to. gauge how much he's caring. and engaging with you like if he's like getting scared. or getting no he was laughing. oh then yeah don't stop he's enjoying himself. got it okay yeah yeah because i'm like no bend your legs. and he's like and then he like squats. all the way down i'm like look. what he's doing do what. he's doing and he just laughing. and he's just like me. basically yeah well then treat him. like you would want to. be treated he's like you that's that. makes it easier yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah no i think i think in general. i i i used to. i played baseball like obviously a lot. more seriously than you did. and for whatever reason not better. though no a lot better. a lot better and uh uh for some reason. mom would come to. my games i would do worse. really one time i asked her. like just to. see i was like can you not come. to a game she got her. feelings sir but i had to. ask her oh wow i [ __ ] actually hit a home run. like an over defense home. run the one time she didn't come. crazy and i was like i don't know mom. like maybe it wasn't have anything. to do with you but like i i i would always do better. when my parents like in their in audience. i love it yeah well that. was me as a kid. though yeah yeah yeah like as an adult. i wouldn't be like mom you. can't come then you're a crazy. person i mean uh but yeah no i was like you know. 14 or something 15 maybe i don't know. i i would i i don't think being overbearing. is good at all. no if your kid. doesn't want be there you can't. make them play the thing. that they're going to. hate you and but you would never do. that would never do that. i don't have kids but i feel like a lot. of times parents will get caught up. so much in the competitive side. of sports they forget about. what really matters i mean. most kids aren't going to. be playing professional sports it's all. about having friends having fun. just learning some life. lessons work ethic things they'll translate over. 100% and sometimes i was with i was. with calvin and i was trying. to build these he's got these magne. tiles i'm trying to. make like a what is that. they're like magnets oh oh i know i've seen those some are triangles. some yeah yeah yeah okay and like i'm trying. to build this thing and he keeps knocking down because he's like and i'm like i want. to make this thing for him. but then i'm like it's not about. the thing i'm making it's about this. experience that i'm having with him. so who cares is it's about how long it's going. to take this is this. is what it is it's not. about finishing the castle. it's about being with him. and having that experience with him. you know mhm and i'm smart. for thinking that oh is. that the point yeah the point. of that story is that you're smart. for having the point is that it's about the journey. but then also you go like this. oh that's pretty smart. chris oh okay no you go. like that i think no one. else watching or people in the podcast. we're listening to. it and they go k's pretty. smart i don't think so uh yeah. just don't make your kid. do something he doesn't want to. do what do you what do. you laugh at i laugh. at a lot of things. but like okay so you watch movies. that make you laugh. i don't watch a ton. of movies usually i'm going. one thing after another especially right. now i'm out there all right. so you laugh at jokes. oh yeah or just things. that happen like naturally. when you're going about your day. it's just hilarious if some trips. someone uh not usually cuz they might be hurt. i've got to go over. there check them i've always got to. try to be a gentleman do. the right things he doesn't like when people get yeah make sure that we're helping each other. what if they slip and fall a little bit. and don't hurt themselves but they look. funny when they fall you. would laugh yeah if they didn't get hurt. and you knew they come your brother. falls dude tripped and and was like oh damn. and he like almost h. himself didn't he would laugh if he was laughing. i don't know if they're making a joke. out of it maybe i would but yeah number one. thing i'd be like hey are you okay. yeah you would you would and that's why. you should be president. i was trying to. pick each other off and should be president. so if he falls if he trips. i go like this i hope he fell enough. to where it hurt. a little bit and it's funny. but not too much to. where i can't laugh cuz that. would be [ __ ] shitty that's how i feel i want him. to hurt a little bit but not a lot. because if he hurts a lot. then it sucks cuz i can't laugh. i can't have that moment. so i'm selfish almost like the outlook. we've seen in the comments. section where people are like hey i just want. to kind of make fun. of you i don't actually fully want. to tear you down but it's like that. instinct i'm gonna pick on you. i think like yeah don't pick. on people i don't okay. well i i do in a fun. hearted way right i mean sometimes you have to. stand up for yourself. and be tough but a lot. of times i feel we can just watch out. for each other more oh yeah president. future president right that's him. i don't know just trying to. make what the future president. would say though the future. president would say i don't know i'm just trying. to make the world a better. place that's what the future. president would you know what the future. president would say also too is. i know i'm just a regular guy. and he says that a lot. he says it all the time. so he might be the president. so all right so all right. so next one i have no political. experience and he's 27 too. so it's like i yeah but you know. future president it's okay good all right next one hey chris mat oh look at the baby hey um chris i saw you up in aelia during the snowstorm before the pandemic there remember he said that so fast something about like um hey we're going to. open a casino in the middle. of nowhere and someone else. was like oh really yeah. really yeah you inspired these glasses. um i i have a quick. question for you guys so my boy. behind me here oh yeah is one. and a half years old. cool and i realized recently. he's going to be needing some potty. trains yeah so like i'm a stand. up wiper like i stand. up to wipe my butt. and life and i'm 42. now and i don't know any else. i tried the sit down. method can't figure it out what so i'm wondering do i teach this guy. my methods oh teach him. how to stand up. and wip or they teach him. normally like everybody else does. but you don't know how and to. sit and wip which i don't know. how to do what. the hell is wrong. with you know how to. do situation you just sit he doesn't know how he doesn't know how to. wipe his ass he doesn't. know how to wipe his ass. dude he's 42 and what do you mean. he stands up that walk it. out walk it through yeah. but when you stand up. your cheeks go like this. so it makes it harder. to yeah i think that's why. people sit down and do it. people don't like to. be around that guy because he smells like [ __ ] all the time. this got [ __ ] all over top of his legs. i guess if you yeah i don't know how maybe you have to. bend over a little bit right. i mean i i stand. up and get get in there. and get after it sometimes. but yeah but i don't get it. though yeah i don't i don't i think absolutely don't. teach your son to. do it that way yeah. do it the normal way. or show them give him. options a tutorial on how to. wipe your ass learn. how to wipe your ass. first then teach your son. how to wipe his ass. i have to teach my. son to do it. himself because at this point. he's like dad i'm done. i don't want to. do it you know you come in here. and and i'll go in and he'll already. be ready he's just like it's hilarious. it's so funny wow dude. and i'm like is that how it's supposed. to go yeah until that's like the final step. i i showed him how to. do it and he's like he does. it but he doesn't you know. he doesn't do it always great. so i don't want my son. walking around a shitty. ass you know of course but at some point. i know he can't be like 16. like daddy texting texting you at a party you. know i know 35 i'll be over there. i take a flight out. don't live with me. anymore i got a toilet. paper in the in the seat. with the oh man. so yeah i don't who taught you had. a [ __ ] who taught that guy had a [ __ ] you need to. have a conversation with your father. yeah dude get your dad. on the horn say dad what did. you do to me a lot. of times kids will enlighten you on how your parents were maybe you're noticing now that you'. had a problem with your parents. because of this you know. you think this is like revealing. that he has a problem with his parents. for teaching him how to. wipe his butt standing up. yep how do you even teach that. does anybody have any ideas. how you teach wiping ass. standing up no not. i know how to. teach it the regular way. i don't know how do you teach someone. how to do that. standing up how do you even. learn that don't know it's got to. be a paper on itself. somewhere cheets in excel yeah. spread sheets in excel that's stupid. i don't like jokes like that. okay but you laughed dude. i got you it was good. but it it's [ __ ] like i always like getting you cuz you hate jokes. like that but i love them. and i got you all right. so we're happy so fine. but um okay yeah i i think that you need. to learn how to. wipe your ass like a normal. human being and and then teach other people and then and then spread the spread. the the positivity you know how people say when you have kids it like like that's when it something. happened in your life that you it. really made you become an adult. like you could be 40. 50 whatever and you were never really an adult. until you had kids maybe this is his moment. where he's like i got to. step up step up be. a real person in the world. and learn how to. wipe my ass once. and for all mh okay. yeah look in the mirror. man i guess so yeah so just trying to. do trying to. make people's lives better. like davis you know doing my part. yes you do one more yeah. we'll do one more boy. what's kid chris and matt. uh big fan of b. years so i'm 24 years. old and i'm in a relationship with a very odd. girl i like her a lot uh i enjoy spending time. with her the problem is that i know it's going. to end eventually um we've been together. like 6 to8 months me. fig my question is from your positions. of wisdom is it better. to stick it out. in a relationship that's been going. good until it's evitable doom which could be months. could be years or is it. better to just cut it. off now bro and save my time. s yes i'm enjoying my time. with her and i like her a lot. but for various reasons that i don't want to. get into i know. she's st my wife what this. guy's overthinking express so much overthinking. dude like you're in a relationship. that you enjoy you like her. it's good you're only 24. and you're like i'm going. to break up with her. why would you do that. unless you meet someone someone else who makes you question. how much you like the person. you're actually with you don't preemptively. end a relationship just because you don't. think it's going to. last forever if it starts. to get bad in one. way or another then of course feel free. to end the relationship if that's how you see fit but like it's a good. relationship and you trying to. end it already never backwards. even heard someone wondering that no. that's weird bro you have a good. time with her yeah he's like i have a great. time with her she's really great. i really love her it's been only 6. eight months but uh we're not going. to spend eternity forever. together so uh i don't know maybe i should break up so should i burn. myself alive like dude you're making problems why are you making up. a problem yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah 100% people get in their own. way huh it's tough to. judge people because you can never truly. put them yourself in their shoes. so i f it's always difficult. just try to. support them through whatever they're going. through how would you support thisy. though this guy i try to. talk to him. get to know him we out. the options the good and the bad. but ultimately it's up to. him to make the decision. it's his life it sounds like all. the options are good by staying with her. though it does you know what's the bad. i have too much. fun and i know it's going. to end so live it up. while it's happening yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. yeah yeah yeah when you're at disneyland. you're having a good time. you don't go dude. we should leave because we're going to. have to leave eventually. well if you have tickets. to universal studio or another place. and well then that's why i said if you have another girl you like more. then of course it's not fair. to keep two [ __ ] girlfriends. but like you got one. girlfriend she's who you like right. now it's good right. now there's nobody on the horizon. there's no reason you might have to. break up with in the near future. you got nowhere to. be stay at disneyland. stay at disneyland dude. marry disneyland marry the theme. park that is know kid. with disneyland have kids with um pluto. miss miss uh is that. a disneyland minnie minnie yeah pluto. a disneyland yeah a you can't. have kids pluto. can't have kids get adopt they could adopt him. and pluto could adopt kids. yeah yeah yeah you can legally. get married yeah um all right. cool yeah well uh where can people. find you're on where can people find. you on instagram and uh tik tok. what are you on. i only use instagram for that's what's up. dude that's what's up. it's what is it um my tag. is davis. clark okay cool with e. davis. at the end yes. you've got it because i use instagram. because it's where my friends. my family are they're using it. most often i want to. make sure that they're going. to get the benefit of any motivation. first and foremost wow doing it. for the a man of the people. dude pres future president. dude everything you say future. president when you're president. i want you to. remember me saying it that. you're going to be the president. one day okay all right. i'm going to remember it. because this is our first time. in los angeles just trying something. completely new trying to. grow from change and just see what. it's all about and also we'll have it. on video on video. to that you said exactly. everyone will know when davis clark is president. people are going to. hit rewind and say matt deia. called it way back when your name is davis your brother's name. is brennan and you have other brothers. and sisters but uh that. is like they're like those davis is like one letter. away from david and brennan. is one letter away from brendan yes a little different so. when you're at school. and they're calling out all the names. that you won't be raising. your hand and five other people. rais at the same time and also the letter. in both cases is d. wow that'd be like a my was kid. yeah yeah yeah kit crit. crit deah or yeah davis and brennan. is way better than crit. well davis and brennan are names. and criid is a terrible. sounding sound you know what i mean. if i was kid. you wouldn't say that criid. hi i'm kid wow chris what. is it kid kid. is that your name your real. name yeah cr deia oh one time. i met a dude. his name was seven. again at least a word. criid is the worst if. criid was a name it. would instantly be the worst. seven is one letter away. from steven yeah but seven is also a word. and a digit that's [ __ ] stupid huh it's pretty stupid yeah it's okay though i don't know anyway all right thanks d thank you thank you so much because it's amazing. we get to see how you all. work put together absolute masterpieces it's so cool. it's a completely different. business i'm trying to. learn as much as i can every day. and hopefully we'll be able. to just bring skills uh they're going. to help people hell yeah. davis thanks for coming on dude. uplifting motivational videos we'll put the link. in we're out there to. deliver positive messages and just make life. a little bit better day. by day one team getting after it locked in locked in absolutely locked in. let's go that's right. you heard it here helloo. hello hello hello hello 