 foreign [music] okay here we are we are. doing lifeline we have a guest. host because my brother is still sick. with covet which is uh you know. bad but he's fine. but he's just you know. it's the tail end. of it what's that. noise the coffee maker. she had to. have coffee guys so we are with instead. of matt filling in my wife. kristen so yay that's nice you didn't clap. for yourself but you're very humble. you know what i mean. thank you yeah you are you. can move these two you're like not. as humble i'm not. as humble no no. but you know sometimes we all have our. strengths we all have our strengths like yours. is being humble. and mine is actual strength. i just have crazy strength. so uh that coffee is too loud. can you hear it. you think no all right. great so you already you. already ruined it no we. we love we love it. that you're here i love. it that you're here actually. because here's why because we had brian. callan on and matt. uh when matt was first sick then. i was we were having a baby. yeah which by the way. congratulations to us we had our baby. william mchenry dalia who is. so cute he's very cute. he's actually here on a uh boppy's laying down. over there but um he is uh here and so is calvin. we've got the whole family. here but we the reason why. you're here is because metsec. but we were going. to but uh and so the reason. why we wanted you to. come is because brian came and it. was like so much testosterone and then matt was here. and it was just him. and so we wanted a female to. get a female perspective on. these a lot of these uh uh advices. i think that's smart. but i think me and kelly. in general is smart yeah. oh okay no i thought i was seeing. you oh yeah yeah i think me. and callan have like a very similar. vibe oh yeah totally completely yeah. yeah you know totally because we're both flamboyant. i would never say you're flim boy. and actually he's way more flamboyant. than you are so um but yeah so we did. have the baby and it was very nice. and he's very healthy and he's got and he's brunette. and calvin's blonde and that's cute. so cute what do you think about being a mom. it's for to. double isn't it weird to. say kids yeah that's my weirdest part. i know i know it like makes it. seem not as cool i know. i know but we have to. remember we're still very very cool. especially me man when i walk. like dude come on oh this. isn't my only pair of sunglasses. either oh i have green ones. and i've read one. it only took you like two minutes. to to not be humble. well just to. put them on well we all have our strengths. right yeah yeah but um so anyway what what how do you feeling about your tummy. and all that what happened. awesome yeah well i mean i just yeah. postpartum depression i mean you know. just like let's get right. into fire holy i'm just giving you stuff. to you know fodder. do you have postpartum. depression so rude well maybe i don't know what's up. what's been on your mind. there's like different things that you can. have you can have fullblown. postpartum which i've never had and then most women have baby. blues oh which is this. like up and down up. and down and that's kind of definitely what i have oh really. yeah but that's not that doesn't sound. medical baby blues i don't. know that's just what they call. it the doctor just like there's like you get the blues. like that right you know. they also have sunglasses and there's some so many amazing. parts of being a mom for the second. time and but the the biggest downside is. i have this thing called demers which is whenever i start. it up now you could look it. up i swear it's real. and whenever i start breastfeeding. thank you um i feel existential dread. right and like i want to. off myself okay well that's straight up okay you want to. eat it yourself yeah i want to. ski myself into oblivion. isn't it so weird. and it's like this beautiful. thing i'm holding this child. that i love more than life. itself i would throw myself in front of a bus. happily happily [laughter] and then i'm just feeling this like everything. sucks i suck every everyone. says it's crazy that just because your nipples are squirting. you want to. eat yourself don't say squirting. when it comes to. my nipples i was so mad. we were watching or i was watching congratulations. yeah i make her do it this. password are you caught. up well you were like talking. no i did not want to. watch it actually you wanted. to watch it because of the pregnant. because i was talking about the preg the uh the birth. yeah i knew you. were talking about that yeah. and the amount of different. nicknames that you called my vagina. was atrocious well there were maybe five different. ones yeah like just the fact that fried butterfly. came out of your mouth. your wife i'm your wife i know. but i had to. but i was okay. well but i have to. say that though because otherwise we'll get demonetized. and if i want to. say vaginas like i'm not a i'm not a you know what i mean. christopher doctor okay fried butterfly is great. because they don't demonetize that okay. that's one thing if there was just one they do. look like fried butterflies if you're going. to be brutally honest. not yours specifically but i'm just saying first of all why. do we have to. be brutally honest because this is a hard. hit this is lifeline dude. okay but also it'd be one thing. if you just switched out. one name you gave my vagina. you could say vagina. okay i'm not a clinician so i'm not okay. you gave us a hatchet. wound i know it's but it's okay. because you don't look demonetized. right yeah well that's my point. is you gave it like eight. different nicknames and just went what. you do drilled the joke. into the ground until there. was absolutely no life left. and it took like two minutes. and it was insane. nappy dugout oh my god talking to. the microphone please um so yeah. that's what's up nappy. dugout i think um i can't. remember where i got that. from that's so disgusting. wow but that's life dude. it's beautiful and disgusting. at the same time so we have. a baby he was very. purple when he came out huh. did you get what were you. worried no i wasn't you were i could tell that you were worried. but a little bit um i was listening. to the doctors and the nurses and you're kind of always on. alert for people to. be um lying to. you and [ __ ] you over so even when they were like no it's totally fine a normal you were like it's not yeah and i could tell you were doing that. because you know why. because they do the thing where it's like were. you like is that normal. and they'll be like yeah and you're like oh seven. notes in there so you're lying. seven notes in there. so you're lying look at this. nappy duck it's saying. for a woman's vagina. it doesn't matter the color. of the woman or the amount. of hair presumably some hair if you are. being literal made famous. by george clinton and the funkadelics i hate it. there's like the possibility of just like. now worth is where i heard it. a screenshot like you can screw there's gonna be a thing of me. on the internet of just me. with that well there is now. definition yeah that's what i mean. there wouldn't have been what oh yeah. [ __ ] it's okay you got to. learn about that i'm new to. the internet game yeah okay so uh look uh we got uh i'm gonna be uh so lifeline. you've got a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com and uh send in a video. if you want oneonone of my sessions. with macro to matalia. dot com we have new lifeline. merch at lifelinemerch dot com and then also i'm gonna be on tour. i got a lot of different. dates coming up i'm going. to be in columbus cincinnati. uh salt lake city. tucson i'm gonna be in uh. pueblo colorado and colorado springs and i'm gonna be in a bunch. of different things uh a bunch of different. cities uh in canada. nashville hotline is open. the hotline is open. you can just go and call and leave a message. for uh what you can. do that instead of leave a video. and the number is 213. 9738095 call today and you you. know i'm sure they'll put on the thing. there you can just screenshot. it um so yeah so well we talked about a lot. of stuff so far. but let's get into. the uh advice because i want to. say you know you're a female. and i want to. get the female perspective on. this that's well all right. babe you know i i honestly. it's not that i don't want. the female perspective i don't. want anybody's perspective period. yeah i already have the perspective. for me that's what works. the perspective like capital for. me yeah for me. i have my perspective but you do. force it on to. other people's perspective yeah i go. like this no no that's not. how it is it's like this. right right okay okay fair enough. me me no i'm in my i just finished my first year. of my three years of grading. either i'm not a psychologist either but yeah i feel like you did. nine months of college yeah at theater school. nyu hated it yeah hated it. not for you we had a breathing. class so i'm all good. i'm all good a breathing. class a [ __ ] class for breathing god you [ __ ] needed that i wish you i wish you took that until my contact fell out um and went on the ground and i was looking for it and the teacher. walked right across the space. i was looking at and i almost [laughter]. hip thrower that couldn't happen. because there's nobody on the planet. that rude she did do that. and then she and yeah she was a teacher. teaching breath class and i was so mad. and that i was like i'm gonna be in i'm going. to be on tv because this [ __ ] i'm gonna show this woman i'm gonna be on tv i don't need breath class. think of something that you would. be more pissed off at yeah. i know like if i did that. what like if if we were in our house. oh my god i mean you'd already started. crying because you know i'd be mad yeah. well i just would never hear. at the end what the [ __ ] you walk right. in front of the thing. check your bottom of your souls. you're a that's not my fault. if somebody walks across and i'm doing. looking for my contacts. that's so rude dude. if you if someone's down on the ground like this. and you walk across you're a piece. of [ __ ] dude that's it you're not gonna say anything about that i just i mean there's so many different ways. i could go with that that. um and every single way. that i would go would just mean. that you're an insane person. me yeah because i'm looking for my contact information. how is everybody else in the world. supposed to be attuned. to the fact that like that's what you're doing. she did always on purpose. it was 100 on. purpose everyone knew i was looking for my contact and she did it. christopher guys i lost my contact keep breathing but i gotta go. look for my contact and i'm gonna work my breathing. while i'm looking for my contact over. here everybody was chill. and then we go there. and i was like and she just can't she clopped over. dude i'm so i'm angry. now again you you announced. to the breathing class. that you had to. find your contact yeah you you are you sweetheart. i am me you are. you anyway i still have contacts. and she's you know. i was probably 70 now. so all right let's look. at the next one the first one. [laughter] i saw you in like 2018. 2019 but it's been too long hi. matt i love the podcast. and i love you guys. together um i have something really random it. happened to me like two. months ago but i still think about it. almost every single day. um long story short i got into. a car accident they did my car. total loss i get a new car. and then i go to. the tag agency to. get it registered get there. get the little ticket with the number the girl. calls my number she's as cuban as. can be as am i so. then i tell her in spanish. and her response to. that without exaggerating was okay. and i just say it's staring at her. confused for like three seconds and then some girl walks in and she's like well i was helping her. before you and i was just like take your time. and then the girl that works. next to her ended up being the one. that helped me so everything. happens for a reason but what should i have said what should i have. done i've never had anyone be just so rude. to me what did. you say that so i just stayed like like that. what on his customer service. that's good she did that. yeah woohoo oh you're saying the customer service. person it's good that she did. that yeah okay explain. sweetheart well because she's not this. is not the whole story she just you know. call someone and say hi so i'm trying. to check out about my car. i am i'm trying to. go check out about my car. that is insane and if that happened that is the most gangster [ __ ] of all time and i am through if only the other car. on the other phone here's the deal. i'm on the other phone. i'm on the phone call. about something they're gonna [ __ ] it up they're gonna [ __ ] it up you know people [ __ ] [ __ ] up people don't want their jobs they're just like i got this job i need to. make money that's fine. people don't want to. do it so they're already gonna [ __ ] up. if you just immediately go to. mach 10 of i'm gonna be a dick. i go oh all right. fair game now i get to. be a dick right. hey what's up i'm trying. to figure out about my car. hey what's up i'm getting pick. up my my car all right. oh all right oh what's up. dude what's up man. are we getting this. through insurance are we doing it out of pocket. let me know dude how much is it. gonna [ __ ] be that's awesome. because then we're ready we're off gloves. are off and we're going so this. she should have thanked the lady. and been like here we go. or whatever the [ __ ] you know i don't know what the [ __ ] wow well what do you think well i don't really have any advice for her because what would you have done uh cried ran scream cried and ran like well any confrontation with anybody that's working. that like is doing a service. for me there's nothing that. they could do that i won't. be nice dude that's what we don't. get we don't connect on. this yeah because you go like this. don't be don't be and i'm like this. person is asking for it. yeah and i'm sure that the middle. is like the happiest. place it's not dappy's place the happiest. place it's the angriest place. which is where i'm going. to live sure you know what this. reminds me of though when i was pregnant. with cal this it makes sense. that this is how you feel when i was pregnant. with cal i had some kind of thing. in the middle of the night. that we woke up and i was having like intense. tummy pain and so you and me. went to the hospital. the hospital and we were there. i wanted to stop and get a coffee. on the way but yeah probably we were there. for hours and hours and hours and it was just like draining. and long and then as we're leaving and we're both just so tired. and just like stressed i press. the elevator button yeah yes yes and you were like what. floor is it and i was like i think it's the third. floor and chris goes that's right. i did do that i was pregnant. at the hospital for no. reason and everything wow but it did make me laugh. harder than i've ever. so hard i love so much. and you laughed hard. and i felt so good and it was worth. it and now we have now what do. we have we have that core. memory don't we yeah so you're welcome. and two beautiful babies. i know you're welcome for that. okay i did part. of it you did a lot. more man it's crazy. how much the women the woman. does for the birth. thing and guys don't really do anything. every matter of fact guys do pretty much the fun part. guys just go we're women. nine ten months it's not even not nine months ten months. just women just 10 months. of walking around bending over. the baby's hanging it's all out. you know what i mean. how long do you think you could last before. eating myself just like pregnant. in general i wouldn't get pregnant. dude no but if you were i'd eat it. don't say that babe. [music] that makes it more personal. i need it i hope that that. was good advice for her. all right yeah i don't know just hang up. dude it's all good. you're good next one. wow i'm gonna get right. okay no i'm having a big. problem you know i'm i'm 21. tall. drink of water six seven whatever. it is but i'm having a problem. distinguishing what i want between. doinkin yeah and having a girlfriend. because you know like i have i have some good candidates. in my life wow that could be some good. good longterm or or nice partners but since i'm young. and especially with the friend group. i have who are also doinking. a lot i i'm just wondering should i take. this time maybe push off or or miss out on the opportunity. to have this nice longterm girlfriend. to doink around a little bit. you know i don't know maybe these questions for chris. because he's had some experience or met. too you could you could help. me out a little bit with your your buddha. advice but but i just want to. know should i doink or should i settle down i mean. settle down a guy's [ __ ] 21 google. what do you think um i had a buddy. that used to. say that all the time. oh man he's a slore wow. go ahead i mean obviously he needs. to be doinking right. why you say that. one [ __ ] who cares right. yeah like have fun and doing you know. get your doinking out. of the way right so that. you don't end up like there's no such thing. getting the doinking out of the way. by the way well there's not there's you because you need to. stop you need to. you just need to. live life and you need to. play it as it happens. dude i don't think that like i mean. there's people that were together. since they were 21. and they're happy as as all. get out you know but you're 21. that's young the guy looks you were 21. when you met your first wife. right no like 22. no i got married. at 20 six or yeah. so that's yeah she was 21. i was 26. i'm i met. her way early on. though like you know when when i was a kid. yeah it was cute. didn't work out and so um but the uh but this dude. should be yeah he should be don't get i mean. dude do you feel lonely. i mean the fact that you're even. asking this question do you what when you find. you'll find the person that you want. to be with you're not going. to be like oh i have some candidates. oh yeah i have a few. good you know i have some fr. i have a front runner and like you're just gonna. know it's gonna be so apparent. these people who are like yeah i don't understand. like the dating around. and then choosing one. you just know when you know. don't you don't you feel that. way for sure uh yeah okay yeah for sure. how many like serious. girlfriends have you had that you felt that way. about that you like stopped doinking. well i don't really stop doing it. um you made them your girlfriends. never really stopped doing um uh i made them. my girlfriend and they made me their boyfriend. i mean um having a stroke. four yeah that you were like this. is the one that i'm gonna yes. try to not doink. anymore with it okay. yeah yeah i think i'm about the same. but i wasn't really like actively doinking. right you weren't really slowing it. up we make a joke. but you weren't really slowing. it up no you weren't. always on your back. in college right i'm saying you i'm saying. you warrant always right you weren't. always getting a butterfly inspection right. not always right help sos. all right yeah so stay stay doinking. brother i'm hulk hogan yeah. amen chris a long. time listener you guys always make me. smile on my worst days. and today is one of my worst. days oh i am wondering how you still feel. worthy when you tell someone. that you love that. you want a lifelong future. with them and start a family. with them and they tell you that their career. needs to come first and that. until they have their dream. job and and all the money in the world. that you can't have that. with them um i'm wondering what you do. and how to. still feel worthy and like you're good. enough and i like just i don't know. what i do so any advice. would be great thank you. oh sad um go ahead. no you should take this. why because i just want to. see where you're gonna go. oh [ __ ] i'm gonna get in trouble. dude i know i'm kidding um. well first of all you are worthy. this is all stuff that like you live. with in your head the tapes. that play in your head. ever since you were a young. child you know you you don't. need someone else to. make yourself feel worthy and if you think you do they're doing you. a favor by not giving you that. because you know that. then you run into. like codependence and and [ __ ] like that which i'm good i promise. but it's like you know you you you you you you get your value. in someone getting your value. in someone else is something. that isn't going to. help you be uh figure out your [ __ ] you know um and yeah you could live life like that and always be looking for acceptance in others i do but um it's not gonna be it's not gonna be the best version of you that you can be um i understand you're upset also here's the other thing uh the person that's saying this uh i was that guy saying my career is the most important for a man for a man it's very hard to. relinquish that feeling of if i am i i i'm worthy. because of my output. in work or what i do. uh in my job you know how much money i make what kind of impression. i leave with my work that's where guys. get their selfworth from but that's also something that a guy. shouldn't be carried away. with shouldn't get carried away. with just as in you're talking. about as you're getting yourself. carried away with by wanting someone else to. make you feel worthy that's one. thing it's sad because you both. want different things and that's just going. to be the way. it is not necessarily what not. necessarily what that they want. different things right but which is what i was just going. to say is that he may. come around right and he also it. sounds like he does want. to be with you but just not that. doesn't want to. make that huge commitment because his work. is something that he really wants. to do which for a young. guy i totally get that i really do totally get that well i think what you were. saying about men finding their worth and what they're doing. their job yeah i think maybe follow up. and get more information from him. because it sounds like it. may not be something where maybe he thought. that you were like i need to. give up everything i need to. give up my dream my game. my game whatever to. just be with her and not might not necessarily be the truth. and i think guys too have like a kneejerk reaction when they get oh definitely i do. what to do especially around. work so maybe just asking him. i'm a little unclear. are you saying that you want. a family eventually or are you saying. that your career is always going. to be the most important. or or do you see that. shifting at all and if he's like straight up i don't see. that shifting yeah then you have your answer. right right true yeah and that's when you have to. dig deep in yourself and say i know. who i am i'm worthy. of this and i have to. walk away from this relationship to. get what i need yeah. which is really [ __ ] hard and like you know put a bunch of lye on his plants. and this way they all die. and then this way you're even. yeah um yeah no i do i do uh that. that's that's a tough position. though but also you're young and i'm sure he's young he i chances. are i mean look i working was the most important. thing to me and now. i have a family and it's just not anymore. you know well when we first started. dating i told you that. yeah yeah and i was like that's totally cool. with me it was before. we were serious and as the relationship. progressed and we like hit different. stages we would have new. conversations that kind of like redrew. the lines yeah like you don't it. doesn't always have to. be yeah like a relationship is fluid. and it shifts yeah. as you guys should yeah so but that also doesn't mean. especially for women yeah no it's cool. it's cool you're later it's not cool. anymore wow but yeah i don't know yeah like yeah no that's cool. yeah i'll do the those things. yeah and then i'll clean up. the dishes and then oh hey by the way that's your job. but you're in yeah oh we have fun. now dude um i it's a it's okay to. change your mind yes and it's okay. to there's been plenty of times where i was like i was okay. with something at first of course yeah. and then i had a fullblown breakdown. and was like never mind. yep not okay with that anymore. okay so okay all right. cool so then i go like this. well you hoodwinked me didn't you. oh you hood winked me. but it's okay man love is being hoodwinked next one. upside down very obvious. serious case of upside down. head okay what do you guys. think i should do about it. honestly kind of think about getting. in the wigs i think that'd be. cool i think it's kind of like a tattoo you know. it's just decoration said it. weird all good emphasis. was on the wrong part. of the word we're gonna move. on so you know it's not an insecurity. thing i'm sure of myself. okay i got shoulders that. go into next. week i'm [ __ ] yattted out. okay fine okay it's a deeper. mark baron with no hair. let me know you guys thoughts. get get thoughts on what what that's on. what what i miss he's saying. what what should i do should i get a good. what should i do with my hair. i got upside down head. what do i do i i understand. that was ingest he's not gonna wear a wig. which by the way would be gangster. but get a different color. than your beard that would be so awesome. well is that the question. yeah i don't think he's actually gonna get wigs. i think the question is what do. i do i have upside down head. i think that that's the actual. question and then he said you think it's sexy. to have upside down head. well i mean you call it. upside down head but what it. is is it's just being bald. and having facial hair did you think that's sexy. yeah he's not sexy it. could be sexy if the guy's sexy. here's the thing yeah and well you wanted. to hear the female. yeah you're right go ahead. like and i know that. your hair is like something. that you talk about is like something. that you're you like worry about what. about worry about like yeah. if like it looks bad or some [ __ ] of course yeah yeah yeah girls don't care. sometimes my hair looks [ __ ] bad though it's like i put product in it and it's like it i thought it looked one way leaving the house. and then i look later. and i'm like what the [ __ ] they just truly don't care. about that [ __ ] it's just like how you're rocking it. and if you like come in and it's insane. and you're sure in your body. and you just take control. of the space yeah like that. hair oddly becomes like even. sexier than if it looked nice. because it's like wow that guy. with the weird [ __ ] hair doesn't give a [ __ ] no you're supposed to. keep talking oh dude. i i think yeah i don't really get i don't give a [ __ ] you know. oh i'm the man. when i walk into. a room all right dude. well that's the point though. like rock what you have yeah. i think and i think he's handsome. yeah yeah he's he's he seems sure. of himself yeah yeah that's the most. important thing the most important. thing is that upside down head. is just a joke. you know it doesn't really matter. if you have upside down head. i personally don't like upside down head i think it's weird. i think you look. bad but you know what i mean. like you don't want me. to think you [ __ ] don't look bad. you want [ __ ] chicks to. think you don't look. bad so you can do the horizontal. mambo more right and do some butterfly inspections. oh um inspections yeah so i so i think that i i like this. i like this guy i think he seems cool. yeah he's got it up. also here's another thing. you could do if you're gonna get a wig. get a [ __ ] wig that's a different color. than your beard it looks like you had a little brown. or red in it. dude get a black john wick wig. or or like the lady from 227. that goes like this. maybe like that that that hair or a [ __ ] straight up blonde. wig that like guile from street fighter. 2 would wear that would be. awesome book so here's the other thing. you could do dude. you're added up get you at it. on the [ __ ] dome piece man. no get a huge spider. web what nose nose really i bet. you'd like that if my hair went. and it might and then i got yattted up. no like a yamaka no. i don't know man i don't know. man you added up. like a yamaka like like that. like jewish but also like like jewish. but like oh but he's been through. yeah but here's the thing. who who stole his menorah you're but we're talking about. like standing in yourself and having like being firm. at who you are knowing that. like you're a guy that's like oh [ __ ] i might lose. my hair yeah and then if you were to. take the step yeah to. do some weird free space [ __ ] i'd be like oh man he [ __ ] caved no i didn't say when you're like when you are like oh man that guy got plugs that sucks that's terrible that's the same [ __ ] no it's not because then it's an open canvas you're like let's have some fun with it and then you get yattted up you're just saying words no i'm saying the words that matter in the order that i want to. say them in i think you should get a jesus. crown like a thorns. like thorns around like that. and above that those those swervy. streets in san francisco oh yeah. yeah a little baby. trolley but no but okay. i'm back on board yeah. exactly you would love to. decorate it like that she would decorate. my head like christmas yeah i'd hot. glued yeah like gems yep. you'd put a little halo with. it it would be and a halo for. an angel and then trees and then santa would be fun. yeah well for for the holidays. i'd put little balls in the trees. yeah yeah for sure uh but also so do that. don't get plugs never get plugged. never get plugged my hair. goes it's going would you just shave it. it's also not going i know. i don't think it is. but i mean it's definitely further back. than it was but that's just what. happened yeah yeah you know. whatever if it goes. it goes yeah [ __ ] i think i i you know i don't know i know people some of my friends got plugs i'm like why'd you even need to. get them you look as handsome. as ever thank you very. much darling um oh wow. i looked the best when i was maybe 30. 8. were we dating then. yeah yeah we were we met. when you were 36. i don't remember okay. let's do the next one. okay quick question when i'm watching a movie. with my wife or friends. or something nice and they're on their phone. i get super aggravated internally. it's it boils but i'm like i know. this is stupid why. do i care that they're on. the phone it's not because i can see it. over there it's more like they're not sharing. this you want to. share the experience you can't. really talk about it or they're missing. stuff 100 i feel. like i'm kind of crazy. with this one and i'm all alone. like but what do you guys. think somebody on the phone. next to you when you're trying. to watch something um let me let me hear if i'm crazy. or if uh if you guys are crazy. with me ciao you got some nerve. my friend dude you want to. talk about the phone yeah i'm bad. with the phone but you be ticktocking when we're trying to. watch some [ __ ] really good fourpart. miniseries sweetheart if we're gonna separate. between which is more annoying. being on the phone during like moments. of like beautiful family. time or just beautiful lifetime. versus some dumb netflix. series that you admit oh this. is gonna be terrible. which is the better i want. to share the terribleness funniness with you yeah. but i want to. share the beautiful moments i understand. our couple ship and our family. together it's weird to. check out though when you're what when you're chilling. and you're experiencing life. great we got um calvin. we got william all of us. were hanging out i get it. sometimes we're hanging out i feel. too much i gotta check out. do some [ __ ] and then okay i'll put it down whatever but if we're checking out already putting on the four part dog [ __ ] miniseries that's gonna be dope right and we're already checking out with the dog [ __ ] miniseries and then you're here scrolling on to. and i gotta hear [ __ ] yeah mini fridge. life mini like [ __ ] that you don't. even give a [ __ ] about well i don't check it out. already here you can't. check out twice i don't give a [ __ ] more about the dog [ __ ] miniseries and at least there's a chance that some things. that's gonna come up is going. to pique my interest. other than dog [ __ ] that's a good. argument i don't know man. i get it it's about the shared experience. i wish sometimes you'd watch stuff. with me yeah like dude. we'll turn on like a grade. a good thing like boardwalk empire. we'll watch one episode and then the second episode. i'm watching and you're half. watching and then you're like how many do we watch in one. night and then the next night. i'm like let's watch boardwalk empire. again and you're like we just watched. it last night and i'm like do you know. what binging is dude. it goes to. something in my soul that like if i feel like i'm doing. something unproductive for too. long then i'm doing a disservice to. myself you're on tick tock. i know but at least there's like things that i'm learning. i'm like oh sea turtles. live to be a thousand. or whatever like that's a new. thing that i learned what was that. one you saw recently. no i just made it i don't need. to look at tick. tock you don't need to. be in the sea turtle tick. tock but it's not even tick tock. you say tick tock. i'm not it's not it's not it's not necessary. i typically check out. to like my email or pinterest. yeah i should do pinterest. like a [ __ ] dude just like pinning [ __ ] walls in a church. or something you love. to pin nah nah i i did i got a pinterest. because i wanted to. look at tattoos i will say though. that i know how important. it is to. you and that it's something that i'm willing to. compromise for the um sanctity of our. relationship ladies and gentlemen. we got them because i know. it it i mean you complain. about it daily gentlemen. we got her but you don't like watching. binding you don't like watching tv. in the bed yes that is true. this you want to. watch tv in the bed like it's a movie. theater you want to. watch tv in the bed dude. i watch tv i don't watch tv. in the bed a bed. is for two things no it's not. sleeping and doinking no it's not. and if you're you want to. say be creative i so what is creative. in bed then it's not living in a box. it's the world is your oyster. you can do whatever you want. in that bed it's a big. soft it's a big soft. it's a big soft where anything. finish the sentence a big. soft it's a big soft. i mean that's the most beautiful. thing a big soft. to be in a big. soft with such an idiot. with your love watching. stuff don't be in a big. soft with your love but the first two years. that we dated that's all we did because we got to. know each other and you weren't. tick tock wasn't even. created oh i don't know can you help. me do something oh um yeah so i don't know we got we will. ask the do you think that leave a comment. in the thing do you think a bed. is for just sleeping and doinking. or do you think that a bed. is also for walking hanging out really. yeah lounging lounging dude. talking i want to. be in bed when it's time. to sleep or doink i don't. want to be in bed. when there's like three hours left. in my day because you use duncan. so much i mean [laughter]. donuts donkey kong in so much no what is it. because you used to. be doinking so much. and then you have like a ptsd. response when you're in the bed. and you're not drinking i mean. i said that in jest but yeah. no i don't know who knows. dude yeah who [ __ ] knows i don't know [ __ ] about [ __ ] all right well all right fine you know all right let's go to. the next one i'm so excited to. have a really good question. to send it so um and i live in a normal. average city in new york. and i don't want to. say exactly where um i live in a nice. middle class neighborhood like people walk their dogs. a lot there's traffic but it's not you know. too terrible i have a neighbor. who keeps putting mothballs on a sidewalk. he's done it for years. um he puts more moth. balls out in the spring. less mothballs out in the fall but they will spread it. across his entire sidewalk. like all the property what. that's his is covered. in my mothballs and i've looked this. up and apparently it's terrible. for the environment and it gets into. the water and i don't know. i don't know what to. do because he's a little bit scary. and what's weird what's especially weird. about the situation is that he's my father. he is the brother of a reality. star um a famous reality. star from the like early. days of reality and again. i can't say okay. okay um so that makes this. worse because i know him. per like i just i don't know what to. say to my weird. neighbor about the mothballs because he's a little scary. and he's like i got connections. so what would you do. okay how do we get this. guy to stop it's not good. for my dog's paws. it's not good for the environment. it looks bad oh and i didn't even mention the smell. moth boss moth yeah. in your neighborhood open your window. and then you smell it. it is so weird i've never heard of anyone. using mothballs for like pest repellent or whatever. what is he using it. for help me out guys. i love how much. she's thinking about this and how deeply she's thinking about this. and i have good advice. okay what's the advice wait. it out because if there's that many mothballs. outside of his house he's definitely flooding his house. with mothball balls and i give them. six months before he croaks of cancer. not really and then and then the problem evaporates. why does he put mothballs. on his sidewalk oh. man and people probably on his sidewalk. yeah i mean she said it. was on his sidewalk. dude it's a sidewalk get john wick. this is uh here's me hey oh glad i call. you what's going on what are you doing. that's a sidewalk i don't like this. and this is crazy dude. you know you gotta understand. even if you're not crazy that's gonna make it seem like it so don't have that. you know what i would do. well i would be like oh uh you have mothballs. and then i'd pick one. up and be like it's really nice have a great. day yeah yeah you would and now i will be so mad because now i gotta you'd be like no i don't i this. is a weird thing that's a weird. thing it seems honestly. though like being for real that's like probably. a sign of some kind of mental. mental illness and like maybe he's like a batman villain i mean. but mental illness isn't always like scary. and bad and crazy. because of the moth stuff. not for sure oh i see yeah. i mean he obviously has mentos he's just at home. just saying can't wait to. get out there and cover the sidewalk. with moss first my sidewalk. and then the whole small city. in new york somewhere hello. ma'am am i annoying you yet. well yeah that's good advice. i don't know about the advice. just well if maybe it's too crazy. to touch maybe just go yeah that's a good yeah. it's too crazy to. touch maybe calling an authority. at that point you can just be like it's a hazard. everyone is freaked out. something's going on maybe oh maybe he has dead. bodies if he has to. put mothballs in the front giveaway. you know but i mean you're not going. to smell the dead. bodies i know but like you might as well put a sign up that says no dead. bodies here if he has mothballs no if he has dead bodies. i'm saying the [ __ ] mothballs is like like it's too obvious. that it was definitely not. that bad yeah but if you're a guy that has dead. bodies in his house you're not thinking like a clear. rational saying okay fair enough. so i think that whole thing. sucks just move to. a different little town in new york. will you say that if you see. a spider in our house. so you have a low standard. for him spider uh i was touching. spiders the other day. because of calvin what do you mean. touching spider webs because he was like i don't want. that but i know i'm too. scared and i was like nah but it's nothing here come look do it and then i did and he was able to. do it and then i couldn't believe i was doing it. you know what one of my um most proud reactions. that i have towards your dading. is what is you're someone that. generally doesn't do things outside. of your comfort zone outside of the box yeah but when it comes to. cal and you see him. doing the same stuff yeah he's very similar. to you yeah and not wanting to. do things that he's not comfortable. with yeah and you push him in such a kind and sweet. way and you do it. too i do what oh i end. up did you put yourself. too i know because of him. yeah it rocks yeah yeah teaching him but really in reality. maybe he's teaching me too right. it's really sweet actually yeah. you're a good dad i yeah. i i am yeah. math boss no all right. next one i'm coming at you. with a dating um i'm currently. an eating disorder recovery i have been for about. three months now um i'm in treatment. five days a week six hours. each day can't even work full. time right now good for you. i'm healthy i'm on the men things. are going well good um i have a question. so i went on a first. date last night uh things. went really well i really like the guy um he kept asking me. super common yeah questions. about you know house. of my time how to. spend my weekends questions about works. things like that um i kept trying. to tactfully avoid bringing up. treatment because who wants to. talk about it on the first date. right yeah but um i realized i ended up sounding. more sketchy than anything because of how big i was being so i told him. he was super gracious we didn't spend. a ton of time. on it moved right. along i want to. know from your perspective am i a. huge red flag um does. that come across like too. personal too fast what do. you think love you guys bye. no she said it exactly. right like she didn't want it. to seem weird so she was like i guess. i gotta say it i mean. look it's one thing if you weren't. going five days a week. for six hours a day. and you just brought it. up because you're in recovery. right now you're in an active. you're an active recovery. like trying to get better. and that's great by the way. i applaud you for it. i know we both do but like uh you know. if you were on a date. with somebody and you had a better. handle on your addiction. and then we're just bringing it. up out of nowhere. you might want to. wait two or three dates. on it or more i don't know. but i get the want to. be like because here's the other thing. too uh right now you know. you're in the first three months. like you want to. avoid triggers for relapse. and for making a mess of your life. i think dating is probably. something that they would tell you to. avoid although i don't know. i mean they i i certainly the rehab. i went to. and like i know other rehabs. i know like a lot of like people who are in aaa they have that. same kind of a thing it's like just make this. the main focus on your life. um so they might argue don't go on dates. but you s you know. i think you i think you did. the right thing if you know because i think that it's look. i would get it if if i was sitting with you and you were like dancing. around [ __ ] i would be like this is a weird chick. but then if you were to. say yeah i i think i'm being vague i want. to not be vague i've been in recovery. and this is why like i don't like i'm not. talking about my job because i'm not going to. my job because i've i would i would personally still go out with you i would say i would say okay well that it's very sweet. she was honest we all. have our [ __ ] um and any other guy that might not either isn't worth it or might just be like not one not wanting that now and that's okay too you know that's okay if somebody doesn't want that now um in their life if they're not ready for something like that yeah well i think you make a good point about like the not dating thing yeah like when you came out of rehab. there were so many things that you couldn't do. like innocuous but it makes sense. now and that being said like if you are going. on dates then the guy. probably has to be a guy. if you want to. continue to. date him that is going. to be actively supporting your recovery. anyways that's true and so if he's just like even. avoidant of it then maybe that's not. yeah you know because this is this. time is for you and like post. rehab or post whatever. she went to yeah this time. is like for you to. heal and do whatever you need. to do within yourself to. make sure that you're okay. and so by proxy whoever. you're with whoever you end up with needs. to be like totally on your team. because that's no it's no. joke you know like getting help. which is [ __ ] amazing. by the way yeah it's also really cool. it's hard to. get help by the way yeah. it is and it's also really cool. how uh open and honesty is just about. it with us totally people now that we'll see. this on the internet. and it's good and it inspires. people also to get help. and that's great uh you're doing the thing. and it's [ __ ] tough man there was a one where i went uh there was a an overeaters uh branch or whatever on it and they were saying that that's like some of the hardest um that's the hardest one one of the hardest ones to. try and figure out so is it. just because food is you need. food and like interesting yeah and it's just yeah i mean yeah there were some people actually in even in mind. that had it so eating. disorders well props to. you girl i'm not a girl her yeah. yeah we have people in our life. that have are in recovery. and people that should be in you know. yeah yeah yeah that don't so. we know how hard it. is obviously and that rocks. yeah yeah uh next one. so we got a question. um lost my mask. a long time ago. where is it you can tell. i'm a carpenter this. is what i do well. you need actually uh to. cover this you started my own. business tight that our family. wants us to. move back to. california and we told them. we moved back wow but the problem. is we don't want to. now and we don't know. how to tell them. that uh uh we live in spokane. washington wow and we want to. move to tulsa. oklahoma jesus christ so uh telling our family. we want to. move to somewhere that gets tornadoes is. hard enough but yeah what is your advice. how do i how do i tell them. how do we tell them. how do we i'll let them. down um yeah anything would help. thank you guys love. your show bye thanks dude. this has been an issue. in my life too like disappointing. family members because of doing stuff. that you need to. do and what to. do that's pretty common it's yeah. i think it's common and i think it's pretty. much called having a family. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah um i think you have to. like i know you stated that you don't want to. disappoint them yeah and the it's inevitable that you are going to. disappoint them and so the thing that you have to. work on is actually just getting. okay with disappointing the people that you love if it's in the name of doing something that's better. for you and your family. that you have and i know. how hard it can be you know. doing something that you know. is going to hurt. them even if it's not something. like directly towards them but just something that they're not gonna like you just have to. figure out who you want. to be but you want your personal. family to be and it sucks. but you have to. do what you here's here's the thing. like i love calvin. and william and when they grow up. if they want to. live somewhere else i obviously. want to be close. to them but also i i want. them to be happy. most so i would i would be like okay. i get it but some like you know. especially in the old it's old. school old school [ __ ] is like you know yeah but it's kind of up to. the parents then to. do some [ __ ] if you want to. move to be around. them if if you want that you know. yeah i get it if you don't but like i mean i wouldn't if i was [ __ ] 70. i would move who gives a [ __ ] if calvin. and william were somewhere and they and they were like yeah. come move here we want. to be here i would do. it yeah but is that healthy. either it is if you guys all want to. yeah well i'm just saying like if if calvin. and william are like nah. you be in la then okay yeah i get that. i'm gonna be no i'm coming. like but yeah um i think separation. is healthy yeah of course it. is what you have to. do you know uh yeah. yeah it's actually one of the it's really. tough it's just one of the parts. of life that's just kind of hard. i i mean i i i think that you should basically. keep making chairs and and bring the chairs to. tulsa and make chairs in tulsa. dude also let me tell you something. i want to. well i went to. spokane and tulsa they both. need people to make stuff. because there's like a lot of [ __ ] areas. that are not that you know. great but uh you you this. is cool because it's cool. but it's like one of those places. like in 10 years. you it might be cool. it's like got four blocks that's cool. sure uh and it's not that. cool and then in 10. years it'll be cool. sure but it's yeah it's uh so anyway and i played a theater. there uh that used to. be uh owned by um uh and owned. and uh have kkk rallies. there so anyway uh and the person who the theater. used to be named. after was a guy. who was in the kkk. so anyway um and i didn't know that. until after i did this anyway um so no but they also changed the name so it's okay. so anyway so but let's not fall to. everybody for their past um do you know. what i mean totally yeah but also um you could also have a conversation. with them this is something. that i've done in my own. life with difficult things. to talk about if you decide i'm gonna have the difficult. conversation and then it's kind of up. to them to decide what they're going. to do yeah with that. right so you just say i love. you so much and this is what's best. for my family right now and then however. they decide to. react to that is up. to them and so you don't have. to feel as guilty about their reaction because you've done everything. that you can do i love. you so much but going to. tulsa what's this is this. the is this the uh voicemail oh no. do we not what's up. prison oh it's so long. it had prison in it. though yeah he said what's up. prison i'm going to. or something like that he's going. to prison i guess so i want. to try one okay let's try. one this is patrick i'm actually. at the bar right. now too uh my question. for you is why are our attractions. the weirdest thing by anyone. knows the girlfriend of eight. years i just legit just seen. a lot of weird fire attractions. tonight how can we solve. that and have humanity not quality. so antisocial not saying that i'm the super i could start on the planet. because i'm not but just out of curiosity. i want to. know what you had to. take about bar interactions and people looking. at each other at a bar. also the first show especially artwork. as i've seen in my life. thank you very much that's the artwork. he's ever seen on his life. is that we said about my show. in minneapolis that's nice okay. we like them oh wow. he said best artist. he's ever seen his life. that's what he said wow. okay i really like that. guy like a smash to. [ __ ] smithereens for real what was it so i came in a bar i'm in a bar why is it it's so weird when i have an interaction i have a girlfriend like eight years so what's up what's up there's a lot of looks in the bars or something like that anyway say minneapolis best artwork i've ever seen in my entire life so love you guys both bye just threw up and then slipped on it and bonked his head and died oh that made me a little nauseous just hearing. it well it's the best. part you've ever seen in your life. uh yeah dude get out. of the bar you know or uh just [ __ ] stop you know. toss it when you're out of the bar. you know what was the question. why are interactions so. weird at bars oh you don't. even know because you've never been drunk. he's smashed this guy's [ __ ] exhilarating you've never i know. but he's blitzed he's three sheets. to the wind yeah but that's not anything. to do with what i'm saying. he's faded dude. you've never been drunk. he is so funny. yeah anyway all right dude. what up dude tour. ticket to chrisley dot com. he went to. minneapolis and he said it. was the best artist he's ever. seen in his life so come on down. to ohio i'll be there. i'll be in nashville. i'll be in uh montreal. and uh chrisley dot com. get the tickets oh wait. tucson uh i got a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com or uh lifeline. merch is at lifelinemerch dot com. or you can get a oneonone advice. session with matt matalia dot com. mattelia will be back. next week we are firing her. and getting matalia back. and i will be in my house. for the next uh nine months. at least seven years. taking care of my two. babies who i love very much. yes um no but uh thank you. so much you covered. for matt and also it was nice we did. want to we did. want to have you uh i don't know. we like having you on i like having you on congratulations. and it's cool to. have you on this one. this one seems more fitting. um but uh yeah anyway. and thank god we didn't have. to ask [ __ ] david sullivan. so that's great that's great. i love you he's got a big head. all right cool i love you. too and um we'll hang out. even more after this no no no that's what it. is that's an inside thing. you don't know about she brought it. up and i'm pissed so because i have the flames. i used to. do it 43 you know. well to be fair. i did it when i was 40. so i was much. younger oh um but you guys have a good. time and like and subscribe and leave comments. about how beautiful she is no. babe [music] 