 as you can see oh yeah. diving right into. it i mean djing on the side. recently dj yeah and it's been going. great dj cops getting. a lot of gigs here in jersey and new york. and i could see myself. getting famous eventually right too i. could see it dude. to be like [ __ ] i'd like to. ask you a few questions. where were you july. 21st freeze drugs you you. doing drugs i'll let it slide. because it's pretty lit. wrong [music] happy july. 16th how we living g. i'm living good g cool. uh uh so anyway i'll be in vegas. next week and i'll also be in charlotte. and knoxville and little rock arkansas. coming up here so go. to chrisley dot com. to get tickets patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. a new episode of lifeline. luxury is out today you get that. only on our patreon um so uh that's you really. want to sign up. for that let me tell you something. that's uh that's the best podcast. i think i might like it even better. than this one if i'm being honest. yeah it's it yeah it's uh right. now it comes and goes yeah. right now i'm feeling luxury. i'm gonna tell you something. they're both very good yeah. they're both they're both very good. top two pockets in the world. so um yeah i've got a question. for uh for us go. to watch lifeline dot com that's for this. show lifeline or just click in the link. in description below baby yep. or leave a message on the hotline. at 2139738095 if you want oneonone advice. with me go to. matilia dot com and book book it how about saving people's lives recently over there how about the one how about the merch though too lifelinemerch dot com you can get all this stuff right here we show it on the thing uh but it's really great uh you get the purple purple and all that stuff yeah stutter dude how you feeling man you know what uh it's i'm just so happy that it's now really really beautiful and nice out and it wasn't for a long time there beautiful nice it's hot as hell that's what i mean beautiful and nice no dude it's not nice nope love it too hot love it i'm tan but here's the thing you don't really sweat i sweat a lot i swear when i work out oh you mean like everyone in the world no but i go harder. oh you mean like everyone in the entire world. okay that's not true dude. when i go to. the gym i look around. i'm like why are these people not sweating. some people do and me. i'm one of them okay. and drip physical exercise. sweat i i sweat i'm just sitting there you know what i'm saying yeah. but i like how i make money. i make money like i sweat. just sitting there oh wow. okay well what i like is. being outside and being warm and feeling. the warmth and i do that. all the time and i am now. i have a slight tan. and that's what's up for the summer. and whoopsy daisy but have a slight tan. and um you don't really get very tan. no i know but i have uh i get 10. walking the dog i get i get 10. check in the mail i get dark. dude i'm in the sun for 10. minutes i get dark no. that's i mean not 10. minutes 10 minutes really yeah dude. yeah and then if i'm in there. for like an hour i'm all of i'm just like i look like i'm straight. off the boat from italy. you know what i'm saying uh what this. is going on i was out. in the sun for one. hour yeah i want to. be like that yeah well too bad. but it's okay dude um i've been in the pool. with calvin i've been outside i've been hiking. i've been doing all sorts of crazy. [ __ ] so and if a blister on my foot yes dude kiss up think about it hurts so bad that's cool. does william go in the pool. william that has gone to. the pool yeah but not not actually in the pool. but on a floaty. in the pool yeah not like underwater and stuff. does he have like a vibe yet. or is he's just too young. he's very yeah he he's pretty young. but he has a vibe where he's just smiling. all he's a very smiley. oh really yeah that's really smiley. calvin was more like this. and williams just smiley. dude because i wasn't a smiley. well he was a happy baby. in the sense that i remember him. being so happy no. no well he never cried. right that's right but william is like even when he's crying. just yeah that's specifically when he's crying. um so that's that's that but yeah it's um it's really. it's cool william is finally becoming uh. like um i'm starting to. feel like a real connection. with them because he's like looking at me. and like you know yes because it it takes. i was like you know i mean. look you feel like some sort of connection. with the with the baby. because it's yours. however the mom feels a connection. because it's inside her. she's been housing it she's been housing she's been housing it right. i've been housing and so when they come out. it's like oh this is what. i've been housing yeah and they already have that. relationship in houses to. german you when the baby's born you just look at it. and you're like what are you you're a blob. of skin and bones. yeah and it's literally just a blob. and chilling and it doesn't look at you. and it just makes kind of some noises and it shits. yeah and so you're like okay. what do i do here. and then finally when it starts. to make eye contact with you and then when it starts. to like grab something then you're like all right. okay connection connect gang bing. bing bang bang you know. what i mean like like dubsy said that's yeah. wow that's so dorky that. they did that actually connecting. connecting bing bing bang i mean. that's like the donald trump. thing you know donald trump. stole that for me i'm gonna sue. him no donald trump stole it. from uh mac 10 and ice. cube and dubsy right. okay no i stole it from mac. 10. okay from me oh he doesn't listen. to rap trump doesn't no well. he doesn't used to. listen to my podcast. though but he always talks. about how he likes rappers because rappers love. trump he does talk about that. like lil wayne takes pictures. yeah yeah i'm sure he did right. connie i don't really think of him. as a rapper but yeah i mean he is a rapper for sure. but i think of him more as like a a person. crazy person you know right. my contacts are blurry. today so what we do. when that happens is we get new ones. no but put new ones. in your eyes sometimes they adjust. though you've worn context. before right yeah i mean. i used to. you don't ever did no no. that's cool i was like why. don't you get lasik don't. want to get off my back. so get off my back okay. but let's talk about off of it. a wrestler a wrestler that just quit so you have um glasses. you don't find it annoying. to have those on your face. i love wearing glasses. why it's like part because it's the same. it's like look it's not. like this but it's as much. of a part of like my day. or my routine whatever. you want to. call it as coffee. what i i feel now. when i wear contacts. i'm like what where's everything. so okay so why is it. like coffee though because i feel like i don't wake up. until i go through the routine. and one of the routines. is like wow i need to. have more routines so the glasses. stay i'm not getting lasik okay. for anybody unless if the apocalypse seems like it's really right. around the corner i'm getting. them because i don't want to. need glasses when the apocalypse comes you. can't need stuff like that. or you need to. keep that to. a minute so how early does the apocalypse have to. seem like it's coming before. you can listen because that shit's gonna get booked. up so yeah you're right. but so when like the first 10. politicians are killed that's already seems like it's coming with it. exactly yeah so so you had to. do it before that you have to. oh yeah before that but yeah by yeah. oh no i was saying the tenth. one i gotta i i'm going. the tenth one i'm getting booked. for lasik dude the tenth one because then it's already. gone to [ __ ] yeah lacey's gonna be so booked up by the time five politics. i guess you get killed. okay okay so we um okay. what if no politicians get killed but there's like tsunamis and there's like volcano. volcanic eruptions how many of those none that natural disaster. isn't what i'm talking about. oh my god like people burning. it all down and like why don't natural guns. in the streets and people like taking over. guns and streets is kind of in. a way a natural disaster. in a way now at this. point well that would be an unnatural design. i know i know it's unnatural but i'm saying. the way it happens. it would make the same. waves as a natural disaster. people would just be massively dying. okay but it's not to. me it's not the same. thing okay so only getting i'm only getting lasik if it's people in the streets. with guns and like militias taking over. town and stuff okay. so what about this no. guns in the streets no. volcanic eruptions no earthquakes three politicians. get assassinated you're getting lasik. i'm gonna book it in six months. and then if i if another one gets hit if i change my mind. if it all evens out everything's fine. then i'm you know what i don't. even show up so yeah. so doc so it turns. out there wasn't a fourth politician. that really got shot and uh there's no guns. on the street so i'm not gonna get lasik. yeah yeah all right so no earthquakes no. no tsunamis are gonna make i got like six pairs. of glasses i'll just grab a few. and i'm good you know. what i'm saying so what is it. about the people because then like they want your businesses. closed down you got to. stay home businesses close. down if there's a [ __ ] this is crazy but if there's a tsunami. it's already too late you know. it's like i'm already screwed if i don't know. the lasik you know we should get lasik. dude maybe but here's the thing. get in one eye here's the thing. yeah test it out get it. one night so you still wear glasses. it's nice you have one. prescription but if the [ __ ] hits a van gogh i got it covered yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah uh no but it's also like 99 9.8 percent. i'm not gonna mess with my eyes. it has to. be a hundred every single time. it has to. work perfectly for me. to do it 99.8 what success. for that lasik yeah and and then the other point. two percent it's it's not like you go blind. no it doesn't work. no it's not but i i've like there's there's a famous. baseball player who had the lasik. he's a catcher and scoot. up his eyes for like two. years two whole years and then what he couldn't play. baseball for two years and then what happened. after he came back after that how good was he not as good because he's older. and wasn't how did it. get fixed it's just like time. i think i don't even think maybe. he had another surgery i'll get some more of that. stories don't be a [ __ ] catcher right. yeah you better you shouldn't. be a catcher if you're gonna yeah. live all right well um all right. that's interesting i didn't know that. you love wearing glasses. i do i feel like it's a part. of me when i wear my glasses. i feel dirty you know. why yep i do know. why okay cool you want. to tell everybody yeah just because when i wake up. in the morning or when i'm going. to sleep and that's the only time. is before i take a shower. actually yeah yeah yeah totally for you. it's like the opposite for you. basically as it is yeah. yeah for sure yeah so if you wore glasses. if you didn't wear glasses and you had contacts. in during the day. you feel like weird all day. you think i've worn contacts. enough recently oh you have this. is weird yeah when i mean. when i was in that movie i was in recently. uh oh i didn't uh oh you had to. wear contacts yeah oh yeah. and you felt bad and every once in a while. i'll wear them if i if i don't wanna. like what like sometimes if i go to. a movie i will really yeah. just watch the movie and then i'll throw them. away because it's a little sharper like wow. what a cinephile dude yeah gotta keep it. sharp dude i'm gonna send a file. too no you're not. nice yeah i am you. know why no no why because i saw the movie. hypnotic with ben affleck oh wow that movie. looks so bad dude. don't it is topple you over. do a somersault it is dude. it's one of those movies. where it's so bad. but before that you think i actually. this script yeah is dog. [ __ ] the idea is dog [ __ ] so let's think about why it exists ben affleck i guess but here's the thing what's up. with ben affleck ben affleck. could be and arguably he has been this. at various points throughout his career. he could be the biggest star in the world. yeah and his choices make it. seem like he's desperate for work. i know and he's always been the case. for him though as an actor why. would he do a movie hypnotic. even the accountant was a weird. choice like what do you know. it was so weird i think he thought that was gonna be like john wick. but that wasn't but hypnotic. i don't understand the thought behind it. what is uh hypnotic. about yeah dude it's about a god. the only way i can explain. it is william fickners in it. right yeah yeah he plays a guy who can not hypnotize. people it's hypnotics it's a different. thing that you can learn. how to do and you can. just basically get so good at it. that it's basically you're a jedi. you're like take a seat. and the person will have to. sit down right and it's already a bad. idea right it's already a bad. idea okay so so but there's a faction. like there's a whole faction. that learns how to. do this and there's a few people in the world. that can do it and they do. things like rob banks right. right in the trailer and and ben affleck. is the guy to. uncover all this because it doesn't work on. him right he's like immune. to it right is he a cop. or something what is it. you know why he's immune. to it the reason. why he's immune to. it is because he spoiler alert. used to be in the faction. of course but doesn't remember because he did it. himself wiped his own. memory cool cool i love this movie by just going. like this is it nonvisual like that. no i mean they don't show. him wipe his memory. right but i'm saying when they do it. is it just oh dude. it's are they physically is anything. happening visually when they do it. no when they make people do stuff. no you're just looking at a guy. standing there and it's the kind of thing. where it's like you can make people. think you're someone else yeah. like i'm not me i'm actually. i'm anthony now and you're looking. at me and then i go. like this second chris all the time. and then it cuts. to you and cuts. me in now now i'm chris you see. what the actor dude it's so unbelievably bad. who what it i i. i i i i if you look up. who made that movie who wrote. it he directed it it. is uh it was rodriguez. oh robert rodriguez i knew that that's right. that's why ben affleck. did it right of course. there's no other reason. yes wow robert rodriguez he's done some good stuff robert rodriguez. has sucked at making movies. since before he started making movies. he's never made something that i think is cool. oh really yeah desperado was cool. when i was a kid. but i was a kid. yeah yeah it's not cool. do the thing with the gun. in the there's also no frills and [ __ ] and like the gun in the guitar case and he bends down. on his legs that's actually [ __ ] stupid yeah you guys don't like desperado there. we go no i i i i i have to. see it again so who wrote it. who wrote it um oh he wrote it. wow dude just get go away. you know what it is it's such a film. no he should keep doing. it if he's making money. for it but he it's such a film. that would be the idea would be somebody. in film school had it yeah. yeah yeah first year. yeah yeah and uh second year. you realize that's trash but so anyway um i i i it. isn't it is in it is in for sure. my top 10 worst movies. of all time but it is it. may be in my top. five i'm not sure and that is with the new. matrix top five and one woman 1984. wow. i haven't seen anyone uh either. one of those movies so i can't order. this one for that matter. yeah people like to. forget that pedro pascal. was in 1984 wonder woman. 194 he wasn't so good and that was he dude. that movie [ __ ] sucked donkey balls. he might have been good. but the movie was bad. anyway all right well let's get to. a caller right. this is lifeline luxury. we talk about [ __ ] like this it's fun. but uh this is you said that. wrong this is not lifeline. luxury but what we just did. is what lifeline luxury. is like let's do it. matt and chris what the [ __ ] is up guys so aggressive this is disclaimed real quick. i know it's dark [ __ ] right now um and we're gonna be in a shift. as a cop as you can see oh yeah. um and i don't want to. stick out like a sore. thumb with the [ __ ] interior lights on sure sure anyways diving right into. it it's just a robbery. i mean on the side. recently dj yeah and it's been going. great dj cops getting. a lot of gigs here in jersey and new york. officer connections off the [ __ ] wazoo and i could see myself. getting famous eventually me too. i could see it and you know. with the connections i've made and the potential. of that happening is like pretty. high but hell yeah. dude this guy cocky [ __ ] i know. [ __ ] it but i don't see myself going through. that process unless i'm like fully immersed. today yeah yeah yeah um and as you can see. i have a safety. net job which takes up. half my [ __ ] half the year i'm working doing this duty and [ __ ] so my question is you know fueling your passion going all the way into. something that you know. interesting and you you wouldn't see. yourself struggling with um doing for the rest of your life. is it worth going. through all that like taking the pay cut like saying [ __ ] it to. like your safety net you know. potentially disappointing a lot of people to. to go all in on this. yeah let me know what you. guys think dude i mean. you can't do both you know. that's insane that's like that. is would be a script. as bad as hypnotic. dude to be like [ __ ] let it slide because it's pretty lit. uh i think that i need backup guard. the ones and twos. this is crazy yeah that is actually. crazy i don't even know. like in general i know what the kind of advice. to give it it's like do. i follow my passion or keep my safety. net this is really. weird yeah specific i don't think being a cop. pays anything so yeah to. consider it like a really solid enough. yeah well no that's not true. no it does it does. but it you you that's not true. at all you you're you're always gonna wonder if you are keep being a police. officer you're always going to. wonder if you should have gone. into the [ __ ] dj i mean can't you go back. to being a cop. though like police forces yeah. so bad these days like they're they're you can go be. a cop even if it's not at the same. station that you're a precinct that you're in right. now you if you took like five years. off you could absolutely go. and be a complicated. yeah probably yeah so do that. 100 do that that's a good. idea i've already been through. all the training you could find it. dude actually you know what that. happens all the time cops get hired. in just different precincts different. states different counties whatever like you can. do that have a future. as a cop if you want dj and a cop. do dj freeze oh. dj fresh pretty good yeah. dj hands up swallowing swallowing [ __ ] oh man. um gotta leave the bag. behind i don't know yeah. it's just so it's so i get it. dude the music is inside. you bro god i can't imagine being an idiot. could you imagine being an idiot. what will be worse. being a dj cop. i guess a cop. because you worry about you're gonna. get [ __ ] i would rather be a cop. you can get your wig. split though i'd see all the corruption. and be like no and i would go to. simplifying go to the d.a and it'd be like these guys. are bad so simplifying it. no dude i would become a cop. see all the corruption on. me and when they would come to. me and say you got to. be corrupt too i would say no and then i would go straight. to the da's office. and i would say they're bad. so like newspapers in one. minute long no dude hey that bad he's not old in. that dude come on he doesn't sound. like that uh [music] he that. movie's great how did he have a voice like this and then a turn to. this i mean that makes sense. i can't wait does it's kind of it's completely. different nice to. meet you dude it's completely. different yeah dude that's great. uh you did that too. hard it's all good oh i don't know my own. story no i'm a rock climber. now so nah wait i did. deadlifts that's what it has. the same voice it's just a different. like isn't it isn't the same. it's just like this and then oh it's the same. thing yeah it lost your mind. oh but how did it go. from i can't wait to. see what my voice is like dude. my voice can be so dope. when i'm 90. what did you say. i can't yeah i'm [ __ ] 90. that's what you're doing. what's going on watch. where you go i [ __ ] help. me out here i [ __ ] i want to. take a walk to. the [ __ ] kitchen island eh well get some cheese one in it um yeah dude that's yeah be a dj hiatus from being a try to. be a dj dj [ __ ] spin those rounds. baby imagine a dj. freezer how you getting anybody like you used. to be a cop. that's hilarious dude dude this is a don johnson movie. that came out in [ __ ] 1991 yes yep first his first movie that was like [ __ ] trying to. make him a movie star. from from uh um yeah all right. dude just be a cop. later yeah be a cop. later okay vin diesel hey what's up boys uh big fan i love both you guys um but i just wanted some quick advice on cutting back on caffeine because i know chris talked about uh quitting like coffee. and stuff the whole time. he was in rehab and i am. trying to get on that. level of cutting back on caffeine. so just didn't know if you went cold. turkey or how you did. it any advice from either you guys would be appreciated. i'll tell you right now. um first of all that when's last time. you having drink coffee isn't that. good oh when's last time. you um like what do you mean. i haven't had a coffee in a day. yeah i don't know a long. time okay so uh if you don't drink. it you'll get headaches. right yes so that doesn't really matter. you could just take excedrin. or whatever some people shake. more no no but i'm saying. the headaches don't matter right. i'm saying on top of the headaches. some people should what we're doing is. we're singularly talking about the headaches. at this point um so so the headaches. i'm saying are not that big. of a deal okay people talk about the headaches. i got the headaches when i was in rehab. i didn't do the coffee. and i would get the headaches. the headaches lasted was that. part of rehab yeah they don't let you drink. caffeine why they don't want. you under any influence of anything. but yum yum give me. some you can't smoke. cigarettes give me some but no these cigarettes no. way you know what i'm saying. that's what i would be like at rehab. you know what i'm saying but they don't let you no. some rehabs do but not they've got to. go to that one well you messed up. that's what yeah you messed up. the reason why they don't want you to. do anything like that is because they don't they want. to see what your base. level is okay so they want you to. feel actually how you're feeling. and that is sure yeah pretty yeah yeah. yeah uh standard for uh sex. addiction rehab if you're doing. drug rehab it might be a different story right. right okay right yeah yeah um because you don't have to. feel your feelings necessarily i mean. i still think you do. but it's about getting off of that. right like i know sober. people who smoke yeah. of course right yeah yeah right. and they're not like breaking um you know yes uh that doesn't mean. that after you do they don't. say don't smoke after you. do it they just want. to figure out like like i wasn't able. to take any any of um no you can't. take that you can if it's a certain type of drugs you can take got it. uh but but not if it's something you can be dependent on right. right i i i've taken [ __ ] xanax. nine times in my life but um anyway uh so it wasn't a big. deal but the caffeine. gave me headaches i. did not have shakes and i drink. a lot of caffeine so. i all of a sudden stopped i would get headaches i. take the excedrin and it. was fine however i did. notice um i wanted to. drink coffee so i was i guess. addicted to it. however i will tell you right. now that if you want to. get off of coffee completely. that's one thing if you want. to drink less it's easier. to do you can just uh reply. this sounds like i i talk. about this but like if you if you straight. up there are days where i drink. one coffee and just drink magic. mind and it is like i drank. coffee all day it. keeps you alert but not buzzed. and it is like you drank. caffeine but you don't. feel buzzed and it actually helps for that. i don't know if it's gonna help. with the headaches but excedrin. does so if you really want to. get off caffeine um. try magic mind genuinely that that works. amazing so uh and you'll end. up spending less money on it. too but you know. and i am i i am not employed by. magic mind i do not they do. not pay me it's just a great. [ __ ] product uh yeah i was gonna say come with a replacement of which there are many now there. are that is one but there's like mushroom. coffee i have a friend. that's like right he was diagnosed. with some he's fine. but he's diagnosed with some weird. thing with i think liver maybe. but like coffee was one. of the things that was upsetting. his stomach and he's on he's got like mushroom. and turmeric called it's like so many things like that. i'm sure it's terrible. yeah yeah i was like is it. good he's like no but like sometimes. coffee isn't good you just yeah. it's a habit true. especially if you get from alfred's. i don't even think it's the caffeine. you know it's just like oops. it's not bad though it's really good. the vanilla latte at at. alfred well i don't get a vanilla latte. because i'm not buying coffee. for my wife the vanilla latte. which is the world famous. vanilla latte okay of alfred. everything's world famous dude. no that's the only thing no. in the world they just put it on a sign. that's the only thing in the world. that's world famous uh no. it's the only on the menu. that says world famous because they put it on a sign. well it tastes so good it. might as well be world famous. okay yeah just got fire. just go far away so just confirming dinner tonight yes dude i have his [ __ ] life wow wow. all right do you go. to dinners and [ __ ] go to. dinners like what like do you have a do. you have like a friend that's like yo. let's let's go [ __ ] thursday. a friend man you really don't pick. out single words i'm saying. just listen to. the whole thing okay. i'll try dinners a friend. no i meant like dinners like dinner parties. or just going no like do you have a friend. that's like let's get dinner. thursday and then you say okay. yeah i usually end up. before thursday though after i say okay. saying i'm not gonna yeah i'm going. tonight i made a plan last. week and i'm gonna make myself. do things like that more now. than i used to. i make myself because i've found that yeah even if i don't enjoy the experience being social is good for me. it is just like a vitamin is good it's like it's it's like we're social animals. and that actually i think means something like we need to. be around people to. actually have any kind of semblance of happiness. yeah and so even if i'm like oh i don't really like those people. and yeah i said yes i don't want. to go but i'll make myself. go more often than not now. and yeah even on the way. home i'll be like man that sucks. but i'm happy i did. that really yeah yeah it's like working. out yeah well you know what is interesting. every single thing that is discussed with you. you will talk end up talking about working. out by the end of the discussion. i mean it's not interesting. now isn't that interesting it. is interesting dude i do i did. squats yesterday so that's crazy. and that's all i did that's all i did. it was a light workout. for me i did heavy. stuff but it was a light. workout for me it wasn't as long. as i usually go it. was 50 minutes i know i don't want you. to keep going but this time. i don't today i'm gonna do. deadlifts after my school. i want you to. keep going okay okay all right. next one then someone squats. amen chris i had a little question. for you so i'm a single dad. i have two little boys. four and six i'll see. five and seven. you don't care anyway in this. weighs about a year and a half. now and they've been that age. for that they lack a mother. figure in their life that's right. because they don't see their long. story it's like the reverse. deadbeat situation right but should i be looking. for a stepmother figure for them. or should i just keep my nose. down and keep grinding like i am right. because we're in a world where you can't. really live off one income. right so you do you take the selfish. route and go look for you. know relationships outside of your kids. yeah or do you just be a slave. your whole life well until they're adults. and then go find partner. because i get this guilt feeling anytime. i even start talking to. a female because it's going. to take that minuscule amount of time. that oh you know it. could be spent with the kids. oh so i don't know however. thinking things should i just be single dad. work my ass off reward. myself later in life or should i be trying to. find someone now i don't know. thanks love the podcast. guys you get me. through a lot of hard. times have a good one. thanks for listening that's a really great. uh question that's a great. question and i believe i at least. have an answer which is the answer. i don't think that not i don't think that. staying single and focusing solely on your kids. is uh necessary in any way. i don't think that that will. make your kids lives. better even i agree. i don't think that i think that is a misplaced uh it's like you're being a good. person it's like misplaced morality or something. you know like but that's not actually going. to make your children's lives. better right it's going to. make you less guilty possibly. yeah but but i would say absolutely at least. try but you don't have to. like try to. the point that you're going. to make something work even if it doesn't work but you you owe. it to yourself. you open the love to. be happy yeah and your kids. here's the deal your kids. whether they act like it or not. at five and seven. ultimately will be happy. if you are happy the more happy. you are the more likely your kids. will have a chance to. be happy in their own. lives so think about that think about how much more. joy you could have if you found the right. partner for you your kids would see that they would learn what a healthy. relationship looks like a number of things. are good about that if you're worried. about your kids i'd say again. don't force it don't just date. someone because you feel like you have to. but that's a good thing. for children to. see model a good relationship. for them yeah and you don't need to. look for a mom you need to. look for love and somebody that. you'll be happy with that. will and you know. effect be a good person. to be in their lives as well. uh yeah i i don't i don't the guilt thing. it bothers me because it's not you're not you. don't need to. that's all you bro that's all you yeah. i mean of course it's time. taking away from you being with. them i guess but that's not a bad. thing like they can't be with that. 100 yeah they need to. learn how to be functional without you and it's it's it's okay. the guilt thing is not something. that's all that's all constructed in your head. and you know yeah for sure. i mean dude i feel guilty [ __ ] coming here i want to. go to i want to. be with the kids but you know. you should do that more. let me run it no but also i gotta work. out but that's good for them. you know they want me. to be [ __ ] strong with deadlifts. so dumb okay um yeah you're a good. dude you owe it to. yourself to be as happy as you. can possibly be plus it. sounds like your relationship with their mother. is rough and that's always so weird. when a mom isn't in the kids. lives i mean it's also a weird. one that isn't though it's so weird. when a parent has a child and they're like nah it's less weird. with it with the dad. why is it less weird. because it's inside it's more. common obviously but it's also less weird. because you a guy can literally splurt. and then never see the woman. again yeah women and so they'll never see. the baby don't ever think. think about the baby don't ever think. about the woman but that's not deadbeat. a deadbeat no no. no they know that they have. the kids i understand. yeah don't show up for it. well except for is it. deadbeat if you meet somebody have one. night with them then you go. somewhere else where you live. and they where they they're where they live. they have a kid. they decide to. keep it and you say well. i don't want to. be a dad that's not. necessarily deadbeat that's just oh i didn't want. to it is if you don't help. financially support the child well that's all. that deadbeat means oh debbie means. a financing well you're not present. and you don't finance you don't. help financially it's like i think you know it's actually illegal. right it's like laws yeah yeah yeah i get that. you know like you can't really. have a kid if you're not prepared. to work for it to. make money for it to. live otherwise it's like it's an enterprise that. is beneficial to. nobody who's creating more people. who don't have food. to eat you know um but yeah given your situation. dude just try to. again don't like hurry into. anything just for the sake of it. but try to. meet somebody you know. maybe you'll be horizontaling before. you know it meet somebody and meet somebody wow. all right yeah good luck. dude yeah good luck. man sounds like you're a good guy. i have shorts on it. looks like i have no pants. i'm gonna have shorts on nice. uh hey man hey man. uh i have a quick. question um i proposed to. my boyfriend because he always said. that he wanted me to. propose before he proposes to. me so i did that yay um but i guess the timing wasn't great. because i thought it would be funny. but you know we went to. disneyland and then we got a turkey leg. and then when we got home. we both had um explosive diarrhea. and i thought it'd be so funny. if i proposed to. him after that because you know. if you can get through that. together enough to. your bathroom with that then you know. you can get through anything but i guess. he was really mad about it. because he was not having a good. time so he wants me. to redo it which is fair. um but i was hoping that you could tell me. how should i do it. because i'm not a very romantic. person uh and he wants something a little more romantic. so any help would be great. thanks the guy is the most gigantic. [ __ ] in the world that's what's going on here he not only was like i don't want to. ask you to marry. me i want you to. ask me fine i guess. fine whatever teach their own who cares. right yeah i did it. the way that she so chose. which obviously she thought was a good. way to do it. even though it was you know amid. a horrible diarrhea session. which you know to. each their own um but he was mad. that she did it then because he wasn't feeling. well so now he's insisting she has to. ask him again at another. time in another setting that. is like more something he would like here's the deal. here why don't you do. it if you want if because the gen the typical gender situation here. is reversed yeah i think it's easy to. miss something here and it's that. that guy is in a like the biggest [ __ ] [ __ ] i can even imagine and it's being just it's being like a blurred by the fact that like it's it's like the woman. asking the man yeah i think you're missing. something here nice woman. who has called in and asked the question. and it's that you're soon. to be husband sucks dude. well that guy sucks is it. a joke no like why. she would have said so let me ask a question. if you're a guy that wants the woman. to propose to. you that's one thing right. but but what i don't get and what throws. me all off is he's saying not just that i want you to. propose to me. before i propose to. you that's what i don't get so if he's going. to do it anyway. you're getting hung up on the wrong. how am i getting on. the wrong things that that was just her. way of saying it she doesn't mean. there's a time when he's going to. ask and she better do it. before he i know that i know that. he just wants her to. ask him no so then why are you bringing. up the other thing. that doesn't matter because she's oh she's saying yes you better. do it before i do it. so i don't have to. do it all he's saying is you have to. do it but then that's what he's saying. that yes it is he said. you have to. propose to me. before i propose to. you right but all that means. that you're getting hung up on like just am. i or is that what it. raised that doesn't mean anything. though how could you consider that. that's something to mean. that you can't you can't mean. that because it makes no sense. so he's not gonna be like thanks. for proposing to me yes now in his head. okay i gotta propose to. her no he's not doing that. no because no one's ever done. that is that obvious yes. boss really yeah am i dude. i honestly think i have asperger's. yeah you'd probably i'm not even. trying to make fun. of people with aspirin no. i know you're saying you have it. [ __ ] you have something you fixate i didn't understand. that because of that and i fixed. it you fix it that's not necessary. guys two things was i wrong. in the comments yes or did you think the way. i thought and do you think i have asperger's. for real only people with asperger's. are gonna be like yeah you thought. the right thing um uh okay oh wow. i was completely off there. no but all it is. is that he wants her. to ask she did and he's like no. that's not good enough do. it again i mean. okay i i understand that's [ __ ] except for it was during explosive. diarrhea but it was funny. and she said so it was like i i think she's right. that is kind of funny. like if the guy did it. to the girl after explosive. diarrhea she would make him redo it. but that didn't happen so what does. that have to. do it didn't happen. because what because the girl did the guy. but you can't come up. with a counter factual that didn't happen. and be like if that happened. you're saying it would be the same. way so then if the roles were reversed. but how do you even know. that it didn't happen. that way how can you make that. claim you can't make it generally if you ask a woman. to marry you after explosive. diarrhea they're gonna wish you did. it differently and did it. again no i don't i don't. know of that as like a common. thing when people are like no. that's the wrong way. to ask do it. again i know i've never even. heard of that explosive diarrhea. thing that she's doing it. listen because she thinks it's funny. to do it then and this should be a very touching moment. a nonexplosive diarrhea moment. it says there's a reason why the [ __ ] commercial isn't every kiss begins. with it's because it's not it's not beautiful. you want that moment to. be beautiful but to. her it was and and he's making her do it. in the first place he's making her do it. she doesn't know how or want. to she did the best. she could then he said no. do it again a different. way come on do. the best she could did. she do the best she could she because she had set. up a picnic she thinks. so could she have set up. a picnic after all of her. bowels were evacuated made a nice sandwich. and put some [ __ ] candles up and said will you marry me. [ __ ] by the way because you do it well that's that's my thing if you don't if there's a possibility that you won't like the way someone does it do it yourself whether you're a man or a woman you [ __ ] [ __ ] you can't be like you got to. do the thing that is is really important. and okay you got to. do it your way. i'm just gonna wait and you're gonna surprise. me whenever it happens then when that happens you're like no no that wasn't right. you got to do. it again later whether you're a man. or a woman you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] if you do that i don't care that's so [ __ ] shitty and stupid dude come on i don't know i i you decided with that guy i don't side with that guy i don't i do not side with that guy i think think that i i think that it's he the guy's being a baby i do think the guy's being a baby but i think i unders if it wasn't explosive diarrhea. bro if it wasn't during so explosive. diarrhea bro you're asking someone to. marry you you're not [ __ ] signing a lease on a car all right let me ask you something this happens to. you and kristen yeah before. you're married or even engaged yeah. after it happens you guys are like obviously. you're either you're laughing. or you're like commiserating yeah. and then she says she proposes to. you i don't give a [ __ ] i think it was cute. but that's because i i may she knows. this guy this guy's his own. she thought it would be funny. and cute which is what she said. i agree i would i would do the same. thing i would say yes and think it. was funny i'll put it this. way what guy would be like ew we're pooping you. can't do it now maybe he's talking about. that maybe she he thinks that she you know. the pun intended [ __ ] on the occasion. and i will say i will say uh if i ask kristen. after we both went diarrheaing she would. probably be like why did you do. it then but but that isn't again. that isn't what happened she obviously baked into. the fact that she's asking the guy. and that like him as a guy. would probably think that's funny. and cute whereas i don't think that. she would probably be the same. better woman but but so you said take the gender thing. out of it though no i'm saying is take the gender thing. at face value she was told to. ask him i'm saying don't flip it. around i agree with you except for i'm not as hardlined i understand. what the guy's saying no. i think the guy should go. to hell or at least. go to jail for the rest. of his life you should go. to hell all right. expedite his his you know trip. to hell and uh i do agree. with her except for also i understand. where the guy's coming from if the maybe the guy's not being an [ __ ] about it maybe he's just saying like listen. uh that was really sweet. and i get the humor of it. but can you do it in a different. way in a special way it. would be nice if that's the how he did. it my advice to. you is to. find another guy all right. all right but if you want another way. to ask him matt takes. the commercial goes like this. every kiss begins with um where's the toilet. paper i mean i this. is why it bothers me. so much dude when people buy this be so much because what people that i'm intimate. with or even not ask. me to do something yeah for them. that i think is sweet. or whatever and then i do it. and then the person is like no. that's not how i wanted. it it's like then don't [ __ ] okay [ __ ] listen ask. john malkovich listen i get i understand. that and i agree with it. okay okay however this was during explosive. diarrhea i think that makes it funny. i think she's completely i think she's a hundred percent. right actually i think it was that is funny. and in its own way. that is cute in fact. like those kinds of things. bind people even closer. together when they go through. it together it was [ __ ] coming out of your ass that makes it funny. dude not funny like i actually i gotta tell you something. i don't think it makes it. funny i don't think that that's funny. it's not but you know. what i mean it's not offensive. it's not like i just don't think if the guy thinks it's offensive. that's one thing i just if someone were to. ask me to. marry them while we were [ __ ] our brains out i wouldn't think that was i would think that's funny that's yeah that's hilarious dude it's the most ridiculous thing to. do in the world it is because people hype. it up so much. they're like plan these most epic yeah. so it's like you're [ __ ] on the idea of proposing. which is not special i get that. no it's really special it's really special okay. well we disagree then she's great. he's an idiot i'm not saying she's not great. i'm not saying he's not an idiot i don't know. the guy i but i am saying. she's great and that he is an idiot. all right next one yeah what's up. chris what's up matt um. you guys are awesome. appreciate everything you guys. do thanks man um i just need some advice. from you guys um my fiance and i are getting. married in three months and her. mom my student motherinlaw. which we're very i'm very close. to um is diagnosed with breast cancer. and long story short metastasized to. her brain and it looks like she might not make the wedding. so me and her do not know. what to do do we push the wedding. off uh until everything subsides do we try to. bring like someone in to. get us married. in front of her. we don't know what to. do everything's fresh and yeah. so just appreciate you guys. thank you for everything. you guys do seriously that's sweet. i'm sorry bro that's rough it's rough for your wife. it's rough for you i i answered. for the mom i think my my first. thought immediately thought was do a really small thing. with her get actually married. yes and uh have her be there or you know. and a few people you know. that your your parents your brothers. whatever and then uh and then wait and take care of her. and then when she passes. you know after a little bit then. you can have like a we're married. party you know um and keep it basically. the same wedding yeah it's gonna be but yeah because it's hard. to celebrate when you're going. through this rough time man. and i get that and and and i don't think that the mom. you know sounds like you're very close. so i don't think that the mom. would want you to. really not celebrate and not you know. be a burden and so or rush. it so you're kind of get getting. the best of everything. if you do those things yeah you know. because it's probably important. to look i'm sure it's important. to you but it's probably important. to your wife that her. mom be there yeah of course yeah. yeah um because i'm you know. the mom if she's like any other mom. unless she's like a monster. which doesn't know she is. she she'd probably be like oh i i don't want. to mess anything up yeah. of course so you're not messing. something up you you know. you want to. be you look i look we want you here. we understand that you may. not be around for the next however. long and we want to. do it with you there. and and and and you don't have to. worry about soiling the actual. event because there will be an event. you get both um that's and we want. you to be there yeah. i think that's good yeah. i i fully agree yeah. yeah and because you can even just go. to the courthouse and just do. that and have her be there you know. but i like the idea of like an actual small ceremony at one. of your houses maybe if she can't leave her house. maybe do it there yeah i have like 10. people it's really sweet too. it's really memorable for you. guys and well that's the other thing. yeah it sure it'll make her the end of her. life yeah at least one. very beautiful moment. that was kind of like tailored. for her and that is that is beautiful. and also it's something you'll remember as chris. said for the rest of your lives. and it'll be a fond. memory of this woman that you both. really care about yeah. i think that's cool yeah. and i think that you should start. setting it up before you. even tell your wife this. way it takes the burden off. of her trying to. do it having to. do it and it seems like you're actively doing. something and caring and yeah i just think that it would be really sweet. and also i think you should do. it when you both have explosive. diarrhea you should tell her what. the new plan is when you're you. know explosively [ __ ] because everybody loves it depending on how far along the cancer. is you might be [ __ ] anyway you know oh okay um uh not to. be dark but yeah well it was breast and brain. maybe i should have made that joke. but well i mean it. affects everything oh wow. you know no i just won't let it go. you know all right all right. next one next one is there. another one okay hey matt hey chris love the show. man been a baby. since like 2017. i got these friends i met line. dancing these two girls totally platonic never been like that. anyways we became good friends. we were friends for a long. time then i got kind of busy. i got a second job. i started teaching swing dance and i got a girlfriend dude and after a while i kind of stopped going. to a few of their. things not all of them. just a few because i have work or whatever. they stopped inviting me to. things wholesale like i see them do things. online they never invite me. and their excuses always like oh we thought you'd be busy. or whatever then i talked to. them they're like well you don't have enough. upkeep you don't text us. enough like you don't talk. to us you don't invite. us to the things. you're doing i don't do anything. right right like i'm at home. or at the bar where i see. you every week or you invite. me to the thing. yeah so like what's your deal. with high maintenance friendships because i feel like guys can just not see. each other for like two years. get some wings things are fine. you know help generally that's true. but i've known enough guys over. my way i've known guys. in my very short lifetime. i'm very young who have. been the way that you are. describing incredibly high maintenance to. the point that i've had to. be like yo i actually can't be your friend. actors are like that uh this guy was not an actor this. guy built mausoleums so not an actor just a dude. he built mausoleum that's the worst job. in the world you know. um i mean well actors are like that. though that doesn't take away. from what i said so hung up. on the actors then uh he was just acting like i think maker. high maintenance friends are pretty much. the worst kind of friend. is what i think i just don't understand. like i they must have like all. sorts of abandonment issues. and like weird childhoods and but we've all had [ __ ] in our childhoods but like that's just really odd a high maintenance friend. a high maintenance significant other. i understand yeah me too. i think i am i can be that. way yeah you know. but like that's a weird [ __ ] thing man. you have other friends. also hang with also don't if you're a friend. don't you want your friend. to come and go as they please. like i i specifically want my friends. to see me as much. as they want to. see me as long as i also want to. see them i don't want them. to come every single time. i ask them if they don't want. to or can't or it's very difficult. i want them to. do it the way that is best. for their life but i also want to. invite them so if they can come or do. want to hang do whatever. the [ __ ] it is that's that we're talking about i can see them and we can hang on it's great. friendships by definition have. to be low maintenance or very. worst in midmaintenance otherwise it's honestly. not really a friendship it's like a weird. yeah rival rivalry thing i don't understand. you're a guy and she's a girl. it's weird it's it's just odd. dude yo are we [ __ ] like you know what i mean. it's like that was gonna be my question. like i i know he said it's always been platonic but like he said it's two girls. right yeah he said two girls. is there any kind of weird. thing with either one of them. that you either liked her. in the past or she liked. you and the pastor something like that. because if that's the case. then it makes a little it's not like he's not a handsome. guy yeah maybe he's gay. or i don't know we don't know. you know yeah i don't know but the yeah um he's not stereotypically gay. as you think of gay. but well maybe they're gay. you know i don't know who who is. or who isn't gay because this isn't a he didn't get into. that maybe everyone's gay you know. i think everybody's gay. but um yeah but um i don't like yeah that's a [ __ ] weird thing. i think you should just they're already. it seems like you're busy if they're gonna be like that. but he also seems a certain way. he feels like a certain way. about well what the [ __ ] i they don't invite me to. things right i think you should just say basically what you said to. us like about the thing. about well you don't invite. us to things either it's like well i don't have things. to invite you to. right right if i did of course i would invite you you're my friends. yeah but i don't so you're it's like they're assuming. you have your own things that you refuse. to invite them to. maybe they're just under a wrong. impression and maybe it would change. if they understood oh dude i know what it. is they think you're a chick. they think you're a chick. that doesn't work with dudes. just phase it out it's working. on him he's always i know. but but you have to. remind yourself you're not a chick. when you hang around. chicks it's like the joe rogan. thing thing it's like the joe. rogan joke where he was like he said is bruce does. bruce jenner really think that he's a woman. or did he did he just hang around. too many women long enough. he became one like uh uh that's what's happening. dude so pretty soon you're gonna be trans. no that's not what's happening. could happen i think all that. is happening is that. you're friends with two really weird. people that are like yeah. they've obviously are friends with each other. because they [ __ ] aren't that same way is that that's like not that the way they're being is not what being a friend is so if you're asking about high maintenance. friends i don't know some you keep some you don't it. depends on who you are and where you. are in your life. those two people seem like bad. friends to me that's not that's not a high. maintenance thing that's like a that's like they're transactional. that's not what a friend. is yeah a friend. is a friend fair weather. friend a friend is a friend whether they ask you about a line. dancing job everything will never asks. you to do anything. they're just always the same. because they're your friend and that's they've given you their friendship. and that's that and he sees. them at the bar and the bar. is where they're line. dancing is that what he's saying. i don't i missed. that he said you see. him at the bar once a week. or something right anthony. yeah he did no he said. that he's asleep and then he left. he quit yeah uh no i i think that maybe they work. together yeah i don't know i thought i might have missed. i don't know but whatever but yeah it's okay. i just stop being friends. with them that might be in your future. yeah that might be a new future. and get guy friends. you know um okay yeah that's good. um appreciate you guys lifeline. luxury out today go to. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. and get the uh there's like six episodes. out now or something um and then i'll be in charlotte. and vegas uh charlotte. north carolina and little rock. arkansas little [ __ ] arkansas no it's not little car park. inside this little rock. it is when you're there. and then knoxville which is coxville when i'm there. and um and then uh montreal and a bunch of different. places go to chrisley dot com. uh if you have a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com or hit the hotline. the link is in the description below. and uh you want a oneonone advice. session with matt go to. mattelia dot com he's got great. great devices hey right. now why don't you go. to the lifelinemerch dot com and check out. see if you like the merch. go ahead and pick up. some hot merch from lifeline. thank you very much i would like like and subscribe. and let me know if i'm autistic. thank you very much [music]. hello [music] 