 [music] runk hey yo what's up. guys how you doing it's time. to do the new episode of [music]. congratulations conat so like um i got new dates here august. 9th st louis august 10th. memphis august 17th witchita. then i have mallen texas. and bowmont texas in september. um peterboro ontario never been. there september 13th and 14th london. ontario september 20th duth minnesota. for some reason and september 208th. lexington kentucky and uh i got the australian dates. too so go to. chris dot com if it says precode if you need to. type something in type in comedy. uh all capitals but uh you're probably watching this. after uh wednesday so. just go and get tickets. dude i'll be in your area. um yeah dude so oh i think that is that. uh too high the camera. is it too high. does it look like it's like looking down. at me a little bit. huh yeah just like maybe a little down oh yeah. cu we should see that that. let's just you know we're just we're going. we're going we're going and we're going. and we're going and this is going. to be okay and we're going to. be we're going to. be doing oh yeah yeah. that's better yeah yeah yeah i look more. in charge that way you know. know just a little behind. the scenes i look more i look more you know. masculine and good um there we go. there we go there. we go all right cool. we're good we got the we got it. going uh we got it going. the way it's going we got it. going in the the way. we want so that's it. um yeah uh i am here i. was at um you know. man green bay is a place. that i was really excited to. go to cuz i' had never been and i wanted to. see what green bay was like and i mostly wanted. to see what it was like because of the um football team. right let me just tell you. right now dude i'm not a football. guy you know when i think about like look green. bay the green bay packers probably have one. of the well they have one of the best. dynasties in football right. and that's cool and then you go to. green bay and you just think well that where is everybody. okay okay because it's not there's not there's there's there's straight up. a 100,000 people in green. bay wisconsin and and when you arrive. they're nowhere and now it wasn't football. season okay so that's fine. but where are you hey people in green. bay where are you. and you have a big. stadium that's very uh in the middle of nowhere. okay fine and where are you. everyone in football during. football season i probably know. where you are but then uh i go like this. why do you have a football. team because it's absolutely crazy. if this team just decided to. leave or if the owner. decided to move them. or if they just were going. to change locations the town. sayara there's million dooll houses. right next to. the host uh next to. the uh stadium million dooll houses. million dollar plus houses there's million dollar. condos that stadium that team. goes away saara and the the city goes become you know what it becomes the i am legend city that's what it becomes the one where you you you you just got to. walk around with your dog. and just kind of hopefully you don't die. you know that's really what it. is green bay is not a bad place. it's just why it's nowhere. and i had a great time. in the crowd the crowd was you know. what to be honest. the crowd was a little was a little felt a little. liberal uh you know i talk. about a lot of stuff. now that is you know. they're hot button issues but there i felt liberals. going i you know what i felt uh liberals. doing brother that's what i felt them. doing but there were also people that were just you know. simply no problem that ain't no. problem that ain't no problem. and we like that too. because you know what somebody apparently left. because i was talking about trns uh issues. and and uh some apparently bluehaired lady. left she gave me the finger. flipped me off and then left. and uh it's funny because that was right. after i made fun of uh different. races blacks whites and asians and then i talked about trans. people and that was when she chose. to get up and and throw the finger. and leave and now my whole thing. is thought they wanted equality. right if you truly wanted. equality sit there and take your ribbons. right because already made fun oh so when it comes. to something that you don't. like to be made fun of then. you don't so oh so you don't want equality. what you want so what you want. is power and you want more. power than others and no you don't. get it and also take your ribbings okay. because it was just it's just a comedy. show uh and and leave if you want but that's cra. crazy that's wild dude it's just case. and point right there that should be the ultimate. shutdown that should be the ultimate oh okay you want. equality then you get equally. made fun of right. and i wasn't being rude. i'm being silly i'm joking. i'm doing joking do you know. what i mean i'm doing absolute joking. and it's like let me tell you about this. i had water why does it. never i can't ever open. up the thing there we go. there it is we did it. i don't like how it's not paper. how it's a little whatever. it's not worth talking about. but anyway um so that was what that was what happened. at my show in green. bay um a uh a trans. person left my show okay. um i'm surprised more people don't leave honestly. with the stuff i say uh but for those that stay. amazing um well i mean. nobody really ever leaves to. be honest what am i talking. about but uh that happened. so it's fine and then i was also in where else. was i we we stopped in madison wisconsin. because we wanted to. celebrate okay so what did. we do where were we first. uh de mo which was a actually uh really fun uh de mo's a nice place. who the f knew. dude i think the any i think it's um one of those towns that they sing. about in uh little shahar when they do and poria. and new york and they only say new york. but the the the whole joke. is that they say poria. because it's like they'll be you know taken. over everywhere and they say even. poria i think that they say. de moine in there. so it's supposed to. be not that good but i'll tell you right. now uh de mo was. was way better than i thought. it would be and green bay. was more where are you. than i thought it'd be and um but yeah i did. the show and of course i i guess i don't even know but tom seura had a show the same. night i guess he moved. it because we went on sale. a while ago and i was slower. moving tickets and i was like why am. i slower moving. tickets in de mo i. know it's de mo but i've been here. before and then i figured out. that tom sagora moved his show. there and i'm like oh okay that's what it. is so all good it. was tougher to. sell tickets there in de mo. the normal but but uh but god bless the people. that came out anyway. man you babies you know we love it. we love that you choose. me um but we had a good show. man that [ __ ] was awesome. uh and i'm getting a spam. risk phone call do you pick up phone. calls anymore i don't even. pick up phone calls anymore. i would never pick up. a phone call that i don't. know remember when at home. you know back when you know. i people don't know this. millennials know this and stuff. but pe when you your phone. rang at home hey dude it could have been anyone. contact list no you didn't even have a contact list you just had some emergency names. next to the phone. and there were like 10 of them. it was like your aunt you know. and then 911 and then maybe your friend. that you drew in and your mom. was like no you don't need to. put you you know you don't need to. put matra venon in there. and you're like yeah but i want to. add to it. dude contact list dude. someone some would just call you and you'd go. like this oh this. could be anyone hello. and now if you don't recognize. the thing on your phone. you you don't even entertain. answering it right wow i love how people are like some people are like weird about giving their number out and it's like like i i met this dude that was like a really cool dude in um de mo i think um and he he he hung with us a little bit uh and uh just kind of was like in the lobby. of the hotel and we were bullshitting. and he said he was going. to be in he lives. in lafayette arkansas alabama one of those one of those eight. places and i was like oh i'm going. to be playing there and i don't know when it is i don't think i announced. it yet but i am going. to be playing there later. on this year and he was like i want to. come i was like oh take my number. and he goes and he says really are you sure. and i was like yeah he's like okay. well i mean i don't want you. to see i don't want. it to seem like i was like dude. i'll block you if you suck. right number one number two don't act. like you can't get into. you can get anybody's information. anyway like i could you know. un like you could find someone. on instagram you could find someone. on tik tok annoy. the [ __ ] out of them you could find someone on on uh on on linkedin. the guy's on linkedin i. can find him on linkedin. annoy the [ __ ] out of him you know twitter annoy the [ __ ] hey buddy mat you remember met you what dude the blocking someone's phone numers is the same thing as blocking someone on social media they're done i guess they could keep calling you if they're a real lunatic but dude just keep blocking i enjoy it oh yeah look it's that [ __ ] again block but i'm not going to. block him because i liked him. i actually thought i would hang out with the guy. he's a cool dude. but anyway um so yeah i gave him my number i i get my number's. out there bro i gave it to. people i don't care i don't. even care um i got a text. the other day actually this. is this is this is cuz here's the other thing. too you ever get the text. that's not to you. but it's to. your number here here we go. this is what i get i got a text. of you know what i i should do. is i should actually send it. to you guys so you can post. it on the thing i got this. this picture i'll send it to. you right now um ivan uh i got this picture now. it has now here for those of you. watching it's up here on my upper. right okay there are probably. god how many people would you say that. is 25 you think that's yeah. yeah 50 you think it's 50. yeah yeah you're probably right. there 1 2 3 4. 5 6 7 8 nine. and then there's no i'd say 50. 4550 but any whatever i that's a picture i get sent this is the text. company with it accompanying. with accompanying it hi mallerie okay. so already i know not me. all right cuz you know why. cuz my name's chris. not mallerie there are more coming. but this is the big family. photo from yesterday okay. now it's got for the people. listening it's got many old people and then many seems like there's like yeah people of all ages. even kid no not really. kids eh maybe there's yeah there's some kids maybe anyway uh hi mallerie there. are more coming but here is the big. family photo from yesterday thanks. for coming and i'm sorry about brian's. behavior okay we tried. to keep the alcohol away this time. but he managed to. sneak in vodka in the vodka. in that chickfila cup he was drinking. out of lol and then in parentheses lots of laughs and then a minute later i do apologize it. was not a laughing matter. so i'm like if that's real awesome. if it's not real still kind of good. prank but um now i have a picture of 50. people in my phone i keep it. but anyway if i wanted to. i could just block you. know you you get that. phone you ever get that one hey dawn is this you nah who wrong. number ah sorry sometimes i get people sup. anyway um but yeah i was looking at this. uh weightlifting contest from a it's kind of weird. the uh so pablo ramirez uh who is a uh i don't know who he is he does. 177 kilograms without equipment. so he's doing a bench. press and he's a little person i guess you can't i don't think you can say [ __ ] anymore. but um there's a little person and he's bench. pressing that much and that's like 300 pounds. or something almost right. 177k kilograms what is. it9 oh it's 390 oh yeah because that's double. okay um and uh that's way. more than me but let's let's take a look. at him doing it. for pablo ramirez bantos wow the song already got the gold medal. locked away strapped in so he won't topple over. it's kind of so he's strapped in so he won't fall. over on top that's interesting. cuz your legs can't go to. the ground so that's fine. and i'm not trying to. make fun this is just why. they do it cuz you can't. yeah so wow this is really impressive. for him to do this. much weight now let's see two inches. it out of it. went two inches so does. it count yeah he won. he won the that's the world. record this much dude that much now i don't want to. take anything away from him but does it. count you know what i mean. he says you know i i got you. know i guess you know what for little people. he's going to be he's the schwarzenegger. of little people right pablo. schwarzenegger he's this is incredible. and they have regular size people spotting. him of course right. i don't i don't know that's a pretty uh little uh lift. but a lot of lot of uh lot of weight. there the aircraft is being observed. so to speak because oil pressure. on the number two engine. is trending upwards this. pilot is talking and aircraft is. going to require um actually it's the fuel. pressure uh has no idea fuel. system filter when aircraft gets back. from hawaii they've told us. that uh the plane's good to. go but i'm not really feeling it. um i'm not i'm not going to. leave the ground if i'm not completely certain that. we have an airw worthy aircraft. so i'm going to. probably are on the side. of caution and i'm refusing the aircraft so for you. right now i'm not exactly. sure i don't know if we have another airplane. here at the airport but uh i hate to. do this to you but this. is one of those tough calls that. i have to make i feel. a lot more comfortable making this. call then flying six hours. over the water whoa dude. oh i dude me from the back. fly get it up dude. i want to. go home this is crazy. yeah that's true though i mean look if he knew about something. serious just don't i'm not really feeling it. is not the way to. you know you know what dude. like yawns during it i don't know you know. we're i don't really look to. be honest with you i didn't get much. sleep last night and uh i'm i'm kind of like this. is not lit this isn't litty. uh that's crazy dude. oh somebody goes what if somebody no i would let's see. if i was in that situation. and the pilot did that. i would think that there. was something seriously wrong. and i would be like okay. fine let's not do it. let's do it i don't i don't. think i'd be mad i'd be so mad though. dude i was on the plane. the other day they got us. on the plane we got on the plane. and they said actually they go. this was in uh denver. they go cuz it was in i i flew to. denver thing i went to. de mo and they go. all right so sorry to. uh actually sorry to. uh uh have you bored. already everyone's already on on on the plane. we have to uh deboard the plane. and it's going to. take a few minutes we have to. change a tire on the airplane. but um then we'll get it. fixed and we'll get you back. on the plane after that. so sorry for the inconvenience. but we need to. change the tire and um we don't have the tire. then we can't take off dude. i i it's so annoying when the pilots do that. when they say the same. thing 900 different ways. we're not going to. we're not going to. be able to. take off like this we have a problem. with the tire we got to. change the tire so um we're going to. have to de plane. and then come back on should take about 20. 25 30 minutes um because we have to. change the tire so the tire. um is not um op. of optimal use and i'm not sure. if that means it's flat. or um if it's le is if there's a slow. leak or if it's just time. because of the the the the way. the tread is wearing you know. what i you know. what i mean when they do that. and you're just like dude. what does it mean. though and so uh it's one tire. so it should be should be fairly simple. but that doesn't mean that we can take off. we got to get you. off the plane because we got to. get you off the plane. because we can't have you uh on the plane. what they have to. do is raise the aircraft. um and take the tire off. and and maybe then we we we'd have you bouncing. all around and and we can't have that. and you know um you know. sometimes the plane goes into. a 30° angle even and if we have you. in a 30° angle. then what happens is your tits. fall all out and and sometimes you know you might go upside down your tits fall all out. all over your neck. uh and if you don't have a bra your tits might fall out and you know it's you know some guys you know if you if you have them you know if the plane. could be in a certain angle. the plane you know. the shorts ride up and you can then you can see. the guy's balls right and his and his full penis. and we we can't have you seeing a full. penis just kind of smacked up. against the white leg um and uh and and we don't want. to see any tits fall out. so so what we're going. to do is we're going. to have yall uh deep. plane going to. change the tire make sure no tits fall out. no dicks no no penises. are slapped up against the white or black thigh or asian thigh and then we will uh well if it was an asian thigh we probably wouldn't it wouldn't be slapped up against it right cuz asians you know i know it's a stereotype. but we can all agree. that asians probably don't have um the uh the biggest members down. there uh but black we should say. black black if you're black uh we're we're saving you from. basically you know be at least one. or two guy that two guys. back there that could be um that could be uh having his uh penis. slap against his black thigh and maybe one white guy. uh and probably no asians. but anyway so so anyway um we're going to. fix a tire so we don't know if it's a slow. leak but imagine honestly if if a pilot said all that. um oh dude the second gu and your tits fall. all out i would ju i i would. immediate p i would piss i would relieve myself. in my pants uh oh dude. this video was so funny. this is an old video i've seen it. before i don't think i've ever. talked about on the bro. i can't even believe how much. i think this is so funny. dude so anyway we were out. the the [ __ ] uh air air airplane and we went back. on and we went off. without a hitch. and we made it so all good. dude this guy snoop dog. drank a whole mini bar. bottle of hennessy and then this guy was like if snoop did it. i could do it killed his whole [ __ ] thing [ __ ] if i do it [ __ ] if i do it dude i can do it man i ain't g let the [ __ ] show me up man damn you done drunk half. of it already he's he tried. to get out of it. with just tasting a little bit you. know and it's it's a mini bar. bottle and he just drank a little bit of it. and the guy called him out. i you already drag done. drag half of it already and it's a small ass bottle dude. i love this video look what the guy. says to him you ain't. i don't need no. nerve raiders it's just me the only supposed. to hear you i ain't. going to let him show. me up so mad. i don't need no. narrators they ain't supposed to. hear you so mad. dude let's start it. over because it's too funny. i want to. see it i want to. see it the whole thing. did a video and killed his whole [ __ ] thing [ __ ] if i do it [ __ ] so confident but you can see his face cracking a little bit look i can do it man i ain't let the [ __ ] show me up man damn you done drunk half. of it already you ain't. i don't need no. neaters it's just me they only supposed. to hear you i a let show. me cut cut cut cut man. cut man for real dude. the the watch him to. cut it dude i can't. even watch video and k. his whole [ __ ] thing [ __ ] if i do it [ __ ] if i do it i love this part i a let the [ __ ] show me up man damn you done drunk half. of it already you i don't need no. n he's so mad dude. i don't need no. nur raiders me they only supposed to. hear you i ain't going. to let him show me up. let me show you that when he says cut when he tries. to say cut when he tries. to eek out the first cut it's great. but you may not realize what. he's say the reason. why this is so funny. okay hold on look. look look dude he doesn't even drink. half of it and he just he actually. doesn't even drink any of it. sp it all over his [ __ ] civic. dashboard all right hold all right. so he spits all over let's see. the first time he tries to. say it so he's trying. to say c dude. but he has no air in his ls. so he goes okay and here's why. it's so funny you might not. realize he's saying cut okay. he's trying to do the thing. on his neck. but he can't even do it. cuz he's got no areir he he going. to pass out all right. all right so then the second one. good he has drool coming out. of the bottom of his mouth he's god. he he finally ees one. out but the best one is coming that okay the second one. he screams it out gets a little bit. more air cut [ __ ] all right. k so now it takes. the breath this cut this. one that he says is gorgeous. dude because it's so it's so helpless all right. but he's doing everything. in his power to. not just say cut but to. let the guy know he means business. i mean what i say is what he's saying. with this cut all right. so if you heard the last three cuts. which i i think you did. you might have not heard the first one. maybe not the second one. but i think you heard the third. one so i'm backing it. up with the i i want you to. know i mean what i say. and that's what this one. is and that's what this. this cut makes the whole video right. here cut cut dude cut for real. cut cut man cut man. for real snoop just did. a video and i love how happy he is in the beginning. and how not happy he is. at the end sorry got watch it. again [ __ ] if i do that's that cut [ __ ] if i do it i can do it man i a let the [ __ ] show me up man damn you done drunk half. of it already no you ain't. i'm sorry that part is. so funny dude. i'm sorry but that part. is so funny because the guy the guy. just wants him to. shut up i don't need no. narrators it's just me they only supposed. to hear you i ain't. going to let him show. me up cut wait this one this one cut cut man. cut man for real h. it's so good it's just beautiful. you know videos like this this. is why they're great that. this is why it's great. that the internet exists this. kind of [ __ ] remember the one where the guy dies. he doesn't die but he dude. i already talked about on this. podcast when he when he see the car. hold on i we've already done. it before but we got to. we got to do. it we got to. do it again it's this. is one of my favorite. videos okay my favorite one. is still chocolate croissants. but this one is up. there hold on hold on. hold on let me. type this in hold on hold on. this one is hold on. here we go i i hope. it comes up yes here it. is guys in the car. sleeping in his car dude. this is so funny [applause]. man so the guy's getting out. of his car cuz there's another guy who's asleep. and he walks over to. the guy's car it's a ford. tourist i think ford tourist guy's sleeping. in his car dude. this is so funny i can't even believe it. dude all right do you remember this. one do you know yeah. so the guy wakes up and now the car. starts going [applause] okay he hits. a stop sign stops a little bit. he blinkers on for no reason. and then he drives over. the guy's just [ __ ] feeling like doesn't stop props to. the [laughter] dude [laughter]. [ __ ] oh [ __ ] i shouldn't have woke. him up oh my god oh my god dude. dude oh my god oh my god dude. the realization of and he shouldn't have woke. come up too is. the best part and the way. the gu so quiet the whole time. until the end oh [ __ ] man all right. this is i don't mean. to be doing so many reaction videos. but holy [ __ ] that one is so funny oh [ __ ] oh my god oh [ __ ] i shouldn't have woke him up oh boy sorry i went potty yeah uh i was sorry i went potty i was um i was dude i watched this show on um apple tv apple tv smart dude because when i go to. apple tv you have to. go to the store first before. you go to apple plus. whatever it is their subscription. stuff that you subscribe to. so sometimes i'll go like i want to. see what's on apple tv. i go to apple tv. apple plus tv tv plus whatever it's called and it takes me. to the store and i go. oh yeah i got i i want to. watch that and then you spend money. to rent something or or buy that that's what happened. with godzilla minus one and um by the way. they made a black and white version of godzilla minus one. and they call it. godzilla minus one minus color. and it's just like all right. you know and it looks dope. though and so um gonna get it. sucker so um uh so i i go. on apple tv and i turn on this. uh you know i'm looking at things. that are out and coming out. it's apple tv they they have the worst. titles dude like what a new show. they are doing is called. trying like just gave up like just the the titles that apple. tv has are just they're they're phenomenally. bad right um and like that. one with uh jennifer garner. whatever that one was and then the one with um the guy who played. uh charlie h hunen whatever his name. is that that that name whatever. that one was was horrible. name but anyway whatever i don't get into. that but um the there's a a a a show. called drops of god okay. and i and i'm like sounds horrible. all right but also sounds like that. that's so drops of god. would so be something. that like was made in south. america and it was about a gang. right and it's not i look at it. and i only see white people. in the trailer i'm like what is this. it's french it's it's spanish. it's japanese also it's got three. languages in it okay. and and english and it and and it's about somalia okay. now if you don't know what a somalia is. uh it's somebody who for lack of a better. way to describe it. because i'm an idiot is a someone who tastes. wine okay now there are only 269. somalia worldwide okay worldwide which means. one of two things either. it's really hard to. get that job or job sucks. okay now it's probably a little bit. of both all right but but what i mean. by that is i don't mean to. knock any somalia because i love people who are so into. their singular vision and basically you. know i mean i it's like it's one of these things i wonder how many somalia have autism. and that's fine and i'm not saying. that's bad that's a good. thing some people kill it. with autism you know they do. look at elon musk right. um so but to. be able to. taste all the things. you know they'll be like oh i'm tasting. limestone i i i feel like it's probably from this. from the from from the uh from the north. of spain because of the grapes because of the summer. that that they experience is not long. and so it doesn't get the the grape. to ripen it as much. as as much as we possibly. need it to. so and is is also why the the the color. is uh a little bit darker. than than normal like for them. to be saying those things. and to know those things. there should only be 200 people. in the world that can do that. and they can they got like a a mouth. of a of a like a like a dog. sniffer like they just know so i'm like all right. this show could be something that i'm very interested. in all right but i don't give a [ __ ] about somali look i dude. i don't even drink wine. i never drank wine okay. so it's like this show better. be topnotch for me to. watch so i go all right. apple tv let's do it let's put your [ __ ] streaming service to. the test so i play it. i play the thing first show. now was okay now it has to. be okay all right because it can't. be if it there has to. be it's such a world that. you need to. be introduced into. cuz only 260 people are somali. okay so it's such a world. that you have to. be um uh uh uh uh kind of briefed about before. you get into the actual. stuff and an and and action or not that. there is action but like the the the stakes of the show. all right so i'm watching the first show. and it's okay and i go like this. the show stops and i the the episode. ends and i and i say all. right all right apple. tv okay i'll give it another. shot dude i watch it. again all right now. my wife is on. her computer dude because she is locked in she's locked in with her. add to the computer. not giving up trying. to figure something out on her. computer i don't know it's about furniture or some [ __ ] who knows right. but i'm watching drops of god. dude it's in another language. most of the time all right. and i go huh. apple tv let's keep it rolling i watch the second episode. and i by the end of the second episode. i i go i say out. loud okay okay wow and i look over. to my wife who was on. her computer and she says play. the next one and i'm like you [ __ ] apple tv. dude did you get us. invested in somalia did you get us. invested in two people going. battling over what they over. tasting something dude and so then i played the third. episode and i am so so into. it dude i am nervous. for the people nothing's happening. all they're doing is tasting. wines and they might as well. be ethan hunt they might as well. be ving rams talking. to ethan hunt in ghost. protocol they might as well dude. and i love the show. and i'm on episode 6 dude. and it's got episode and of course i went on. the road my wife finished it because that's what. she does and she says it. wraps up nicely and i can't. wait to watch the next two. episodes tonight drop of god. dude and and then i go and here's what really hooked me. in i'm watching this. now i know it's going. to be boring. and that's fine boring things. are my favorite things okay. maybe that's the wrong word for it. boring okay but i'm watching this. thing and when i'm watching it. i look it up. it's based on a manga uh magazine. that was it call it. right manga dude it's a japanese. uh comic book or whatever. they call it uh graphic novel. dude about wine so i i'm like dude. what would make the thing more. not wanting to see. than a tv show and not a book. sounds you know people read. books of about everything cuz you could talk about what people are think. you could read a book. about literally nothing just a guy. sitting down thinking about things let's what a lot. of books are honestly just some guy pontificating. so a book about somal okay. i get it dude. a a picture book a picture book. of art drawn with people. talking and then the bubbles of what they're saying. i go this has to. be i got to. give this a shot dude. it's so [ __ ] good and nobody's talking about it. and nobody's talking about it. it's good to. l lose your lose lose. your mind watching a show. that you just didn't think was going. to be cuz here's the thing. too i'm going through something. it's hard to. do this episode i'm going. through uh um my dog is my dog. butters one of my yorkis is is passing. away and uh he might be gone. by the time this comes out. um and i didn't want to. bring it up but i feel like i should um he's got um his calcium levels. are so he's got a mass. in his neck and it's up. against his uh pituitary gland or thyroid and it's it's it's limiting. his calcium to. his body and his calcium is really low. and he threw up the other day. in all his calcium and exited his body. we had to take him. to the hospital the vet and we took him. to the hospital and they leveled. out his um calcium it did. his calcium levels um and then uh they were like he's not going. to you know we could put him. down or you could take him. home and we could try. to medicate them we could try. to figure out what this. mass is but that's really expensive. and then we got to. remove it and that's really. expensive and i don't think that we will that's not a cure. so i was like oh jesus. all right so let's take them. home we'll medicate them as much as we can. and they get dude. the i think the the vet was tricking. me because i was like what do you what do you give to. him to to. make him feel better to. to to what's the medicine. to give to him. and she and she just says ts. and i'm like the people kind and she like there's no doggy tum so we went we got t. tums and we just feed. butter's tums like he's my. mom after she ate jack in the box. and like and and and and so we thought that he we were going. to take him home and he was just going. to get go into. cardiac arrest which she was like but the vet was like by the way the vet was like you know that's not a bad way. to go it's better. than than a lot of other ways. just cuz it it happens. instantly and then you know and they their heart stops and they die. and i'm just like jesus. christ and so um we took him home. uh i was on the road. but uh my you know my family. took him home and it's been god. anytime someone says it's been i think oh it's been one week you look to. me was that [ __ ] cake song is it cake. what is it no bare. naked ladies yes man. i'm doing that so i don't have. to feel upset about my dog. but um and so um so now the butters it. looks like nothing's wrong. i mean he's just like moving around. i mean he was twitching. he was like twitching that's why. we took him into. the hospital or the vet and then the hospital. but uh so we're giving him. calcium every now and then and he seems okay. we thought he was going. to be dead already and he's not so we have like these extra days with him. which is is really sweet. and he's still alive. and it's been 4. days and they said he was going. to die so i'm like do i get my hopes. up or or not cu. he's 12 already which is. honestly kind of young for a yorkie but it's a long. life you know um for a dog. so i'm just like what's the quality. of life what do we do but right. now he's [ __ ] still kicking so i'm just like sad. about it you know. i am sad about. it it um you don't you. don't think about that stuff. until like you don't think about that. stuff really i don't know. it's weird like your dogs. are like i love my dogs. and i pet them you know. and i and stuff and i don't feed. them my you know it's usually um my wife or my nanny. feeds them but like uh you know throw the ball. with them and stuff and lay with them. and you know it's it's a weird. thing because like that's like they're they're just one. day they're just going to. not be there you have to. go through if you get a dog. you're going to outlive it. unless you're you know 70. or if you get hit by a car. or if you both do you and the dog. um but it's like he's just not going. to be there it's it's weird. and and and and and i was getting emotional. on the road because i couldn't be there. but but i i i don't a lot. of times i just don't feel i i'll i'll make myself. focus on something else i'm really good at compartmentalizing. which is good and bad i mean. it's good for my job. but it's bad for life. um and i i mean you know i think you need it. to live a lot. you need you need to. compartmentalize to so you don't lose. your mind sometimes but you know. i definitely got good at it. and and now i'm i'm good at it. for my job but it's like i don't want to. feel all the [ __ ] pain. like and they get sad. i start thinking about like how i got butters and sam. together and then you know how they used to. piss and [ __ ] all over my apartment. in uh on coldw canyon man. they used to. pissing [ __ ] on the curtains. and i just didn't give a [ __ ] bro. i was 32 and you know. people would come over and they'd be like oh it smells. like [ __ ] and i'd be like oh yeah there's probably dog [ __ ] over there and there was i didn't give a [ __ ] i kept a gangster with my dogs they get to. [ __ ] where they want to. um i had a little balcony and i would off and be like come on guys. go out there and they just would go like this. and not go out there. and i go all right. it's a losing battle. they pissed on the curtain so much. dude that that it was so acidic that. that bottom of the curtain was a different. curtain than the top of the curtain and it. was and it was not when i got it. it was the same pattern afterwards. it was a different pattern. straight up it was just piss. stained and so acidic and it was disgusting. but dude never quite potty. train those [ __ ] you know um they're good now though but sometimes they still piss in the bathroom. though like they'll take a [ __ ] in my bathroom. uh which is at least nice they're doing. it in the same room. but uh sam's still around. kicking butters is still kicking i don't. know if it'll be around next. podcast it's just sad. and i never dealt with it. really i never dealt with a an animal. that died like um i when i was a kid. my dog died but that was that my parents. dealt with it and now it's like this. is my dog and he what do. i do if he just dies. in the bed what then what i bring. him somewhere ah [ __ ] dude do i call someone it's sad. i think i'll just lay with them. for a while you know. and then i started thinking about like taxidermy and i'm like it's got this. like creepy vi thing it's like. you don't do taxidermy you know. but i'm like if i had just got down to. earth brand new and i was 40. and i had a friend for 5. years and then he died. and now i'm 45. and i don't know anything. about death really you know. it's just me and this. dude that's on earth. and i go i and he's like not moving anymore. now cuz he's dead and he's not talking i for sure. if i don't know anything i just leave him. there and i go all right. i'll i'll leave him there. i'll i'll hang around cuz what if he gets back. up like if you don't know. what that you know. what i'm saying like you i'm talking. about you you simply. don't know what it is so. i'll wait till he gets back. up and i'll just sit around. i'll make i'll make some s'mores and [ __ ] and i'll just wait and then he's not getting up for like five days right. and then it starts to. stink but we're outside maybe. and i'm like is that him. even i don't even know i go. up to smell i'm like i think it. is him next few days ago. bye then he starts to. like look different right. like they start to. sink into the ground. and i'm just like oh [ __ ] he's going away. you know it's like he it's like did. thanos snap you know like i don't understand what's happening. but then it's like you know i could see a world. where i don't know. what death is and then i get into. oh [ __ ] uh what if i pretended he wasn't dead. what if i just left them. full of like you know. leaves and [ __ ] and okay it's a trial. by era you know more people die. like oh you go oh the the the the ground. didn't work you still died. and became part of the ground. uh uh and then you're you know. you don't even know you try. to make concoctions and then maybe you get the the stuff. that finally works you try. cotton or you try you know. tree branches and then they just kind of look like [ __ ] you know opposed wacky inflatable so it's like oh that's not good but you get good at it maybe you get good at taxidermic. you don't even know what it's called. but you get good at it. and then you just like are like oh my buddy. died but uh you know. it's not this socially weird thing. to to taxidermy something now because i just kind of like this. just what i chose to. do and now they're just kind of sitting with me at the campfire. and yeah they're not saying much anything really at all and they're not doing. anything but my [ __ ] buddy's still here. and that's kind of dope. in a way you know. so people d taxidermy with like moose heads. and deer and squirrels and fox but i'm like is it. really that weird to. do it with your dog. and i know people do it. people have done it. you know there's all sorts. of weird probably shows about it. on [ __ ] uh the id channel or whatever and it's like if i just had butters standing you know. looking or one of his. things that he would do like he'd lay down a lot. maybe i just get him taxidermy like he was just and i just like where do. you where do you put him. first of all i get it. do you put them out. or do you put them in a closet. somewhere or do you put them outside. or what the [ __ ] and then when you my main thing is when you move what do you do you you bring it but then it's like something you pack so then you just have it and then you die. eventually and then you just nobody taxidermies you cuz you're a person. so you just die. and then you get buried. and then there's just this dog that. someone had around that's taxidermy so what do you do. with that like what do i do. if i somebody dies and their dog is. taxidermy and i'm the next of kin what do i do. with that dog a [ __ ] what is it a book end now you know so i don't want butters to. be a book end for somebody. later on so it's like i guess i'll just bear or do ashes. and then hold them. have them on the mantle. or something it's all. really [ __ ] sad i've had him for 12. years but that's what [ __ ] happens. you don't think of it. when you get a dog. when you buy when you buy or adopt or rescue. a dog you are basically just acquiring pain. in 10 or 15. years and you just go like this. i am going to. have this pain in 12. to 15 years and that's just how it's going to. be and and i'm welcoming it. i'm welcoming it how crazy. is that these white chicks. don't have a clue. when they get that. little york or get that. little that that the little uh uh uh chizo. what the [ __ ] do they call him chihuahuas they get the little chihuahua and they bring them. everywhere they don't even know what they're doing. dude setting themselves. up to just break in 12. 15 years so i got [ __ ] four dogs and that's going to. happen with four of them. and only one of them. i really don't care about. so cooper's going to. be rough man they're all. the same age too um. all right well sorry to. end on such a sour. note dude but anyway i feel like i wanted to. get that off my chest and i felt like a little bit. down this week because of it. so um at least i saw those videos that made me. laugh but thanks for listening. guys and know honestly you can go to. uh chris dot com and get all. those tickets i'm going. to be in duth minnesota. for [ __ ] sake so don't say i don't do things for you because i'm coming there for no reason i won't make as much money in duth as i will in boston i'm just doing it to. do it so come you know. uh petersboro ontario where is. it london i think i've played before. london ontario but yeah go to. chris dot com oh and and australia. i'll be there so uh thanks. a lot and sign up. for our patreon that's it. for the episode on youtube. if you want to. get the rest of the episode. uh go to patreon. dot com christalia and you can. also um get the other episodes. that were we do an extra episode. a month and we've been doing it. for like three years now. so you unlock all those if you get them. right now thanks a lot guys [music]. 