 foreign [music] let's go minneapolis. let's go minneapolis april. first get your tickets to. taping my special and uh i will be in austin. soon and a bunch of different. cities go to. chrisley dot com for tickets. by the way welcome to. the episode the new episode. of congratulations [music] i'd be really hitting that. duck clip huh dude they really got the the uh actually the um they figured the lips. out on the on the on the chicks didn't they the docs. finally figured them out. didn't they because chicks used to. look real bad with the duck. lips and now they don't look so bad. anymore remember the fake butts. how they were bad. they don't look so bad. anymore you know how you know fake butts. don't look so bad. anymore because asian chicks got them you don't even know remember when asian chicks had no ass now they got it anyway dude let's not talk about that right up front uh usually talk about the dicey stuff later on in the podcast but i guess we're rip roaring today already don't know what it is maybe it could be my new coffee maker. that i got here in the benzo. cup i don't know why. i have the mercedesbenz glass that's a real real. real stupid thing to. have but he's sipping out of the mercedesbenz. merge dude he's got the ice he took he made the he made the he made the coffee. for where do you make it from oh the kitchen. now his bed how an app. oh it hurts your feelings. doesn't it dude but then what oh the cup. oh but but dude how do you get how do you make the coffee. how do you have the cup. underneath the thing already i set. it up last night he knew. he was probably gonna want it. when he woke up in the morning. god he's got foresight doesn't he oh it hurts. your feeling how much foresight he's got doesn't it. so he put the cup under the thing. first of all it's called a spin i think i don't know what it. is i got it for a christmas. present or birthday present no. christmas present oh my brother. and my wife got it. for me oh god they went. in together dude because it's really nice it. makes any kind of coffee you want and so i got it. and this is not an ad. i shouldn't even be talking about it. because they didn't give me any. aper but i'm saying i put the cup under it. at night went to. bed woke up hit the thing. and it makes the skinamarink sound too when it goes. off it goes real loud it's scary. and um went down picked up. the coffee put the ice. in it and oh it's a pour over. oh you know he drinks. coffee when he's called. when he's talking about a pour over so uh anyway dude. we got the hot merch. coming out crystalia dot com go. get that go get that. uh that merch the uh congratulations. merch it really do be hitting dude. it really do be hitting and the tour. exclusive merch is absolutely hyped. we didn't have it in san antonio feel bad. didn't come through in san antonio people in san antonio hit me. up like why can't i have it. because of the storms baby because of the storms we didn't even. have it in louisiana either. because of the storms uh but the new tour. report is out rhode island. uh it's great we brought. calvin on stage talked about that already but it. was really sweet uh this. is the podcast episode whatever. it is and uh we're firing on. all syllables dude um you know. it's uh it's been a good. week for me uh i'm oh also i added. shows i forget to tell. you i added shows in oxnard brea. in irvine california to. uh ramp up for my special. so if you're in southern california. a lot of people ask. about southern california. dates there they are there they oddly are um calvin's. potty trained dude. you know what the key. to potty training is wait. until they're as old as you can so. they understand you dude. i have so much foresight it's crazy. i tried to potty. train when he was one. and a half because i was like i bet. my son can do it. early on because you hear about some villages in like india. where it's like oh dude. they're just potty trained. from jump like they come out. and they go where's the toilet. um and i don't know why. that is too because basically like i think they kind of just poop anywhere. in india you know. you're because of the dysentery i. know i'm being a little bit i'm pushing. the envelope here but it is true. dysentery is big around there. and um so uh wow i'm looking i'm literally. looking at oh god you know. what this is hilarious. i was looking at my notes. and i'm like these notes make no sense. and then i realize that this is my these are honestly. what i'm looking at in my notes. are my therapy notes i'm like what what. is this depend on. me for confidence that's hilarious. wow depend on myself. for confidence what bit is that. so sad um don't don't don't. try to gain acceptance. from outside sources have acceptance. with myself what what is that funny. bit that i'm trying to. oh yeah it's my sad. notes oh yeah it's my notes. it's my sad notes that. my csat told me. to do oh oh certified sex addiction. therapist oh that's what she said. for didn't know until recently. oh um so anyway uh what was i talking. about what was i talking. about before i got sidetracked here. we don't know do. you know why took two gabapentins last night. had to restless leg. syndrome was was really was it. was also really be hidden oh it's not. wow it's not even plugged. in it's not plugged in and it's all. good um but yeah you probably heard. it off the i tried. to do the jeremy renders thing um thanks. bro take these off because it makes a really loud. noise we do it we do it. how we do it. does it work there it. is just as loud as we want. it to um but yeah so uh potty trained. my son that's what it. was and we're back and we're back. sorry for that little gap but that break. brought to you by that. break bought to. you brought to you by. gabapentin take two forget words. brought to you by gabapentin. it helps with anxiety. and absolutely ruins word recall. gabapentin long fly ball deep to. center and he's outside retired. this game is brought to. you by gabapentin um so anyway. uh that's what you do. dude i tried to. potty train my son. at one and a half. and i go like this. you know what never mind. because he just sat there. for like a really long time. and i'm like uh really good with it. too like i'll sit with him. i just love like i love it. i love it so much. it just being anywhere. a a dad and um and so he uh it now he's three and i say you know. i started prepping him i'm like you know. you're through now first of all he said before. he turned three he was like i was like you know we gotta potty. train you two and he's trying. potty trained you soon. and he said no i probably train. when i'm free and i'm like wow okay so he turned three. and i started like witness appetite. for it i was like you know. we're gonna pretty soon get rid of the diapers. dude took off his diaper. and i said tell me. next time you gotta go. pee and he goes like this. a few few minutes later. gotta go pee i said really. go go sit on the toilet. he did it pete and we made such a big. dude it was like the coffin dance with five other. nigerians just so happy. that my son peed in the plastic. toilet that wasn't even real and then three p's later he's still doing it and then i go upstairs for a little bit and i hear oh my god good job bye kristen and i said what i ran down and she said he pooped in there and he said dad look and i pooped and there were two different colors of poop because sometimes he's constipated and the it's pebbles and then under that is the the liquid part whatever dude if you don't have a kid you don't know but so now he's completely potty trained it took two hours that's how good it is to. wait so all you got to. do is wait for the kid. to understand that this is what you because you try. took a one and a half. year old you're like yo. you gotta pee you got a poo poo in. the potty and they just don't know. what you mean three now. he knows like i said my son. said the word actually the other day. i'm like all right if you say the word. actually we got a potty train. you know you got no business. uh i don't mean to. talk about my kids so much but dude. it's just i i don't care. man i love it uh and it's my life. now honestly so so that's cool. so that's cool been you know. like sobriety is good um uh it's but you know. it's it's always a struggle but it's good. get lost in my thoughts. sometimes just fantasizing you know. going a little bit oh you. know what i gotta depend. on me for confidence that's what it. is too that's what it. is too because also when i was in rehab. i wasn't doing any any sort of i didn't have any sort of distraction. like that was that was a real hard. thing to do no distraction. zero distraction no phone dude zero distraction. you know what the distraction. was thoughts you ever have to. distract your thoughts with thoughts. i did for over 30. days and i realized i was going. to bed and i was i was just like i would just like think of things. that like you know i had no. business thinking of just like you. know fantasizing or whatever and i'd be like dude. why am i doing this. i'm doing this because i'm uncomfortable. here in this basically you know. a halfway house with barrels and so um you know i had roommates. and i was sleeping like a twin. bed and i felt uncomfortable. baby yes and so what i did. was i would distract myself. and thought to. then i was like why. am i doing this. dude i'm doing this. because i don't want to. feel the fear he has dude. and so what i did. was i thought about other things and then i caught myself. and i was like dude. let's just feel the feelings nerd it's all. good my babies it's what's real. is what's funny that's what they say. like and subscribe i don't know. what else you want dude. but let's grow this. cult man because dude. and i'm not showing you. you can look at my instagram. and i don't wanna but dude. i'm yet i mean dude. he's yet it up now. for real he's yet. it up for real. he's got an actual house. on him what the only other guy's got a house. on his arm is. joel kinnaman dude what he's like the comedic. joe kinnamon what years ago. i saw joe kitten had a house. in his arm and i commented. he's got a oh you got a whole house. on your arm and he wrote yeah. i got a house tattoo and i go okay. forgot about it for years. and then guy got a house. on my arm but it's not. on the house is it it's a log cabin. because we're in the tall grass. and we share ideas and now. we got a blueprint for it. don't we babies we got a blueprint it's right. there bury me with the log cabin. you understand bury me with the log cabin. you can't not unless of course i die. by getting my arms sewn off saw it off rather um so yeah bury me with the log cabin. but so anyway dude. uh my son's potty. trained i got a tattoo of a house. on me and my wife is eight. months pregnant other than that that's what's going on those are the greatest things um yeah dude and oh and also tinkerbell's black and i'm for it i don't care i like it you know me right you know me i want i don't want just i don't want only cartoons to. be switched up to. black people i i want every role to. be only black people so i don't even have to. think about ever being in a movie. ever again or or a tv. show i want them. to make a legitimate tv series. about abe lincoln and have taye diggs. play abe lincoln and then it's like. well but it doesn't make sense. because he was the one who abolished. it yeah okay i don't care. dude i want everybody in the thing. to be i want 12. years a slave i want. chadwell chat way to play. the guy and then i want all the other people that also i wanted. the the james uh who's the guy. in boston legal james spader i want. that part to. be black is he in it. no he's in a blinking. i messed up now i'm racist. against white guys but um yeah dude. i i just i want it. all because here's the thing they made tinkerbell. black and now you cannot and i i said i wouldn't say that. woke world word anymore. on this podcast for this. episode only because i say it. so much but you just they eat. their own you can't dude. they tried to. do that and now the wokee people are like you know. what yeah oh you're making the cartoon why. can't we get our own. so it's like dude and half. of them are white people. saying so it's like you can't. win so just keep it how it is and that or switch. the whole thing the whole thing. there should not be white people. doing anything anymore anything dude. i want all the jobs to. be forget it i'm in dude. make tinkerbell make peter pan. make them all people of color. that's what i want dude. and i won't be happy. until then i won't rest until honestly i won't rest until peter pan is being played by mindy uh whatever. that woman is called what's her. name kaling is that the woman. from the mini kaling show. the what show oh scoobydoo. velma right is she velma oh there. you go velma was right. right and now she's good dude. he made it even though. he fell into. it and what i care. my son's potty trained. dude i'm done i'm having another one. we're having baby we're having another baby. so and you know that. but uh yeah so tinkerbell's black. and i'm all for it. um you know what they should do. honestly just make the two of the same. movies one with white one with black and then one with asian and then one with whatever that's how that that's actually how it used to. be huh they just be america. was just the ones where they just make the white. movies and then i they would probably make other movies. in other places that were other people with other colors were but whatever dude. i don't know man anymore. it's okay it's it's gonna be fine. um it's good you know why. it's gonna be fine too. is because tom brady's tom brady. has announced he wants to. do stand up why do why. i look if you're the greatest. football player of all. time or if you're a football player. after that only either be an announcer or open. up some sort of warehouse. that sells suits right. that's it that's it or have. a restaurant maybe even. though that's kind of annoying. but use your name for something. dude stand up comedy why. do people think and i don't i don't i'm not one. of those guys that thinks that oh great. tom brady is doing standup. this is the death. of standup comedy dude. i don't care about that. the whole hiphop is dead. thing is stupid right. hip hop is real it's just not what's getting. the clicks which is fine. i mean there's still nods. out there doing that thing but it's like you know papoose isn't really around. anymore and he was true. hiphop i got a fitted hat on. my head a fitted hat on. my head um what was that. i got my hater blockers on. block him out i got my haters he was real hiphop dude. papoose what happened to. him man oh i loved that song. anyway um so but yeah i'm real hiphop i believe hiphop but so uh tom brady. is has announced he wants. to do standup uh he's not doing sports. anymore he wants to. focus on his standup. career which is hilarious that'd be like like think about how silly that. sounds if i was just all of a sudden like dude. i really want to. focus on my architect career. i don't have one tom brady. throws footballs and he like you don't have to. be like yeah i really want to. focus i want to. focus on my chef career. honestly oh i don't cook. dude he did it zero. times my career i don't know. why people get so successful. in their thing and they want to. do something else dude. before that happens to. me bury me because like you figured out. what you do you're the goat. there you go even god up. in heaven is like golden arm. this is so annoying. even god is like god damn. it cambre are you serious. tom oh god i would kill. him but then everyone would kill. him early but then there would be like a whole thing. about it and be so annoying. i'd have to. keep watching specials about it. be all over the news. i don't i'm so pissed. off devil can you get your claws in them. i've been working on it. but it just seems so goddamn perfect so nobody's doing standup. comedy and he's talking to. like netflix about doing. what i do so anyway. you ever been on the 25yard. line and oh yeah giselle just at home. just getting pipelate on. or you start going out. the other night she was just dancing. so hard man giselle's really a hot. ticket she is right. she was out having fun. in like some boxy just dancing. around man when your wife is so hot. here's the thing tom brady. is the goat when your wife. is so hot and then she and you're both famous. and then she you guys break. up and then you gotta see viral. videos of her doing mom. dancing to. the mambo number five with like some skater. boys oh my god dude. no wonder who wants to. do standup comedy these guys. just everyone thinks they're joe. rogan they think they could do. anything there's two guys who can do anything. joe rogan and bo jackson and where'd. beau end up right remember those. pictures of him with the football thing. on and he's just um i mean. even deion sanders couldn't really do it. all he tried he's good. he's good at announcing but um anyway. dude tom brady is going. to do stand up. can't wait for it. can't wait for it. even though i think a black guy. should have that job um i just think it's absolutely. phenomenal i i dude. my son was uh i would he's been like regressing on the sleep. schedule a little bit. like finally like he's been sleeping. so great and now he uh i don't know. if he gets he's getting scared. or it's the separation anxiety. but like he goes we put him to. bed and he's been saying he's been like will you lay with me. for a bit and my my wife. who will do that i say. like yo babe i think that we gotta like not do. that because if we we gotta curb. it quick because if we get into. a habit of doing. it then it's gonna be even harder to. curb and she's like okay. you're right okay so i said i'll tell you what i'll do. the i'll do the uh you partied. oh did you go with number. one number two you did pp. amazing well don't come in don't. come in because he's got his underwear. on right do you want pp. yes dude yeah yes oh he just went. like that as he was leaving. love you um wow that's amazing. dude he went pee pee um but uh oh that's so cute. so uh wow that's awesome. so he um so he's been like i don't know. if it's so so i said so i said to. my wife about the sleeping. thing um about the sleeping. thing uh i was like uh i was like will man. that totally messed me. up that's so awesome. that's so awesome he did. it without me um that. he that i was like i'll take care. of this him going to. sleep i'll do it right. because i don't have shows. in in town right. now because i'm just doing the road. and like i just love i just want. to be at home so i'm like i'm here. at night because also he's got late late. hours because he's got he's on comic time. so i'm like why don't i do it. so i've been like putting in the bed. and he would be like will you left. me for a bit and i'll say buddy. so i'm not gonna do that. because um i don't want to. uh you need to. go to bed because i think you can do. it you're a big boy. right can you at least try and they'll say okay. and then he'll say can you leave the door. open for a bit and so i oh can you leave the door. a little bit open. that's what he says so. i leave the door open. now and so what happens. is i'll hear like pitter patters. and he'll be running. into my room. it's so so because one time. i walked out of his room. i started walking downstairs and i heard. and he was running. to my room and i was like buddy. i'm over here and he looked at me. and he was like oh and it was just really really because i used to. be so scared when i was a kid. still so um still think about skinnamarink. so um less than three weeks. ago can't go to. bed can't go to. bed with the baby monitor on. um because it makes the same. noise so anyway um i i brought him uh i i put him down and then i said i'll leave the door a little bit open. stay here if you need to. if it's necessary all you got to. do is call for me. i'll come right in so i walk out. of the door and i remember one. time when i was a kid. and my dad said buddy. you got to go to. school and i didn't want to. i was scared of everything. i'm way more scared than calvin. was about everything i was so scared. i was scared about i didn't sleep. through the night until i was 13. whoops. admitted it would call my parents. in a room every night until i was 13. whoops. admitted it one time tried to. sleep over chris siegel's house. couldn't do it had to. go to the bathroom. wouldn't go to the bathroom. because i was too. scared woke up in the middle of night with a log of [ __ ] halfway coming out of my ass whoops admitted it. okay so and that's why they call it. dirty jerseys so so i i was um and so i stand. outside of the door and i wait. for him to say. dad and i come in and say hey buddy. and he says what you doing. and i was like i'm just watching tv. and he says that's interesting. and i'm like okay buddy. well i'm gonna go out if you need me. just call me he says okay. i walk out two minutes. later dad i pretend like i'm not standing right. there because i don't want him to. think i'm right there so then i wait a little bit. and then i walk in and say hey buddy he said what you doing. i said oh i'm just going. downstairs to watch tv. he says okay anyway uh the other day. i finally was like because i don't want to. be like hey are are you scared. because then i don't want to. introduce that thought into. his mind in case. he's not scared he's just like doesn't want. to go to sleep. and he's crying because he doesn't want to. go to sleep. so finally i was like buddy. so what is the deal. why do you not want. to go to bed. uh lately what's going. on and he was like oh i don't know you. leave the door a little bit open. i said is it. is it maybe that you're like scared. of something and he and he says yes i said are you scared. and he said yes i said of what. and he said spider's. in my room and i said oh buddy. well you don't have to. worry about spiders. spiders first of all there's no spiders. in your room second of all. spiders are our friends. they eat other insects that are like you. know annoying and stuff and he said really. i said yeah so you're scared. of spiders and he said yeah. and i said oh you don't have to. be and he said can we get one. tomorrow i said you want to. get a pet spider he. said yes so now here's the deal. i'm terrified of spiders. okay i gotta get a [ __ ] spider now. because my son wants a peppa he won't stop talking about. it can we get a pet. spider so now oh he turned it. on its ass no it's me. who's scared now i'm scared. of spiders whoops i admitted it. but i am dude and i kept that close. to the chest in case. like i don't want fans. coming up to me. being like here look here. look right here look. at the spider look the way. they hold it here look. here he is oh there. he is there he is in their mouth. so now i gotta get a hairy you know. what i mean we're not getting. a spider but he wants a spider. and i [ __ ] up by asking him if he was scared so now i'm confronted with my scariness and that ain't and that's what it's like being a father dude. and now i gotta i gotta i sometimes. i sit with him in his his and guess what no. i can turn my baby. monitor off in my room but guess what i can't. do turn the sound machine. off in his room. because so now i got the that's the same. noise the skinny ring i'm actually scared. in the bed with calvin. and i'm scared because i'm there. and he's scared because he's there and we're both. sitting there scared of [ __ ] and i'm not lying. to you either i get freaked out. and mom's eight months pregnant. in the bed just like this. just on this uh sleeping with like listening. to some murder. podcast foreign app this is the com. app by the way this is the other day here hold on this is the other day i laughed so hard because let me send it to. you i got it right. here i laughed so hard. because she's listening to. the com to. the com app where's the lifeline uh where's the light where's the la dude when is the last time. we texted on lifeline. oh i'm pissed oh i'm pissed. there it is dude. got it so here's the deal. this is what this is what we played just listen. to this this is so awesome. hey there my name is chips. i karaoke [ __ ] shibs also hey there my name's chibs. or karakay dude his family was at uh a syllabus a sale. for syllables i will take the k. uh uh you know what i'll take. two k's a rare oh you gotta know. there and then what do you have. left over chibs oh i'll use that. for the first one so chips okay. okay we'll make it chips. or carrot cake they came back with a bunch of syllables. look what i got family. rey o k two k's and then our chibs. and they go dad. oh we're gonna make with that. i don't know these were the sale. and we don't have much. money what can we make and then and then the phone. and then phone rang and they're like what. do we say what hello. and they were like you did. it the chips a carry. k hello chips hello. oh curry k residents. chibs dude chabs is his name. that's great oh do you know. how much i'm gonna name my second. child chibs chibs dalia what kind of. what's the origin for. that it sounds like really really. distinguished and we were laughing about it. the last night and then kristen's like how did he he still. makes it sound he's the guy's sexy. hey there my name is chebso. karikay hey there my name is [ __ ] my name is [ __ ] splooge a lot hey there my name is shed. head splurgella splooge dude wow man. how do you hey there chibs. what you know dude. it would be so annoying. to have a name where people. would go what afterwards. what dude what my wife the other day. said what do you think of the name. because you know we don't know. what we're gonna name the second kid. yeah we have a few. names that are kind of you. know contenders but she says uh what do you think of the name. and when she does it. i'm like this better be good. because for some reason guy names. are terrible they're all terrible. names for like girls. they're they're awesome i got we got a list. of them we're not having girls. so she's like what about the name. ledger and i was like no i don't like names. that are things you know. what i'm saying it's like naming. your son camera like just tim. is fine the only thing. worse than that is a name. where you'd have to. be like it's what the whole. night the whole life. night you know so anyway. hey there my name is chibs. okay dude just so hey there. my name's jib so karaoke. tonight we're gonna do something. called progress hey there. my name is chibs. out karikay my family. bought these syllables long. ago they had a sale on o. k chivas re and that's it. we jumbled them. up and now i'm chibzone. kerry gay my son. 's kk is oh chips kk. wow when i woke up this morning. i never thought i'd say that. ribs touch it kk uh. anyway dude that's the dumbest thing we've ever done. in this podcast it's all. good it was still uh dude. i was watching it's still not as dumb. as the hype show on hbo. max i love hbo max. hbo max the hottest [ __ ] hbo. max is the hottest [ __ ] i mean every character. is either you know gay. or trans and that's fine. but do it when i'm all for it. like hbo max is. the [ __ ] and um they want so there's one show called hype on it and they got uh it has um what's his name offset or whatever. hey there my name is offset i bought set. and off at the syllable. store it was either set. off offset set off made too much sense. um by the way if you want to. impress black people just mention the movie. set it off and they'll be like oh [ __ ] how you know set. it off how you know. that one oh oh i said set. it off in front of two. black people the other day. and they go are you for real. who the hell are you. jim so carry k. so um what was i saying. about the oh yeah i was watching this. thing and it's basically offset is on it. and then two designers and uh and and one is from who made. union los angeles uh the the com the brand and then the other one who is a stylist for like kylie. jenner and chips okay. i don't know and so it's a competition. show where these people just kind of have a um compete. to who's the best designer with fashion. and you know what dude. straight up i'm i'm actually done. talking about it i'm i don't i'm not doing. it dude i don't want to. we make up our minds. as we go i don't. want to talk about it. anymore dude and that's fine. okay but it's a movie on hbo. a show on hbo max. i started watching it on the airplane. and it was it was dude. i don't want to. talk about it and it was oh it was good there. were moments and [ __ ] and like the some of the outfits were ridiculous. and also i get it. but also i kind of want. to dress like offset dude. man i want to. dress like i said that. dude is handsome i didn't. know he's handsome bro i just think of them. as that goofy rap. group but like god man officer. really do be killing it. man and he knows his fashion. [ __ ] but i'm not talking about it um hi there my name is chip zalkarekai i opened the bar. moose mcgillicuddies um that was a bar. in um that was a bar. in pasadena california and i would go. sometimes and i would go and we would hang out. and one time there was the i mean. i must have been 23. and there was the hottest chick. there and she was dancing. and we were hanging out. dancing i guess dancing. at a bar i i think i was which it doesn't even. sound right for me. but i was 23. was a lifetime ago. and she was like i want to. hang out with you and i was like what like i wasn't famous. then i was like what she was like i want. to hang out with you i want. to go home with you and i was like to. wear my parents house. like i i i didn't live with my parents. anymore but i lived in burbank. and i was out of the driveway. i was like you do and she was like yeah. and i was like and i actually was like i don't think i can and i didn't and why. thank you dude why didn't i hmm. 34 year old me would have smashed it into. oblivion 23 year old me. was a little [ __ ] was i scared well she made of spiders dude. so i didn't do it. shoulda didn't all good but that man. i'm talking about the two times. and then one time i was in vancouver. i was 19. i was at a bar. and man this this woman came. up to me older than me. and she was like what's up. and i mean i'm talking about dude. her figure was like hourglass. no it was like a whole three. hours right and i do and and i and i was like what's up. and she was like take me. back to your hotel. room and i was like and i was shooting a movie. and i was like okay. and she's like let's go and i was like yeah. let's go and then i left. and didn't do it dude. she was not a 10. she was. a whole 11 and i just bitched. out and i'm just like i regret. those two yeah [music]. but we didn't do it. why dude what was her. name i don't remember but then i saw her. later on in hollywood she was like sup. and i was like oh what's up. i'm grown now and we never did any yes dude all good we can regret things but not that but it's you know man if i was chims i'll carry kai he i would have cleaned up dude imagine how much tail you get your name is chibs i remember i remember i would think like look obviously i got a lot of you know my i did fine in my day but uh when i was i would think man you know the only way i would get laid more would be if my name i i actually thought this was true i thought my brain is i thought the only time the only time i would get laid more the only thing that would help me is if my name was if my name was oliver the thing i thought and i was like if my name was oliver dude just straight up just me my sex life but just superimposed just didn't don't stink to. just forget it dude. for real like my just superimposed with the graphs. going up and me just no. not that one just absolutely just if my name. is oliver and then i met. a guy named spencer once and i was like dude. if my name was spencer dude. or oliver dude are you are you i wouldn't even need legs. because i'd be laying down forever. it would just be oh my gosh. i'd be a ride it. would be insane forget it. i could just be you know. what my whole money my name was spencer or oliver. my name could have just been horizontal. because dude that's all i'd be horizontal. delia just no legs dalia. just he don't need him. though why just straight up man. files done love it. my favorite on the soundboard. dude um yeah man it we're at the point. where you know what if you i have such i'm so. dumb dude there was a guy. with a cleft lip in. my high school that was like the older dude. that was like the cool. dude and he had a cleft. lip and he got it. the surgery and he looked real nice. with it with the scar. and i was like that's the guy. bro that's the guy that's gonna clean. up he may not clean. up now in high school. i guarantee this dude this dude. is gonna need to. bring towels everywhere wherever this guy. goes because also he plays soccer. that's a dark horse spot. that's a dark horse sport. where you get the most tail. soccer because it's baseball. yeah basketball yeah we get it. football the main ones but soccer dude. the chicks go oh really i don't really know it. i don't know and then you've got a cleft. lip dude i guarantee. that dude is dead now because of too much. [music] anyway man it's just like dude. these are the things these are the things i would busy. myself thinking about this uh chris rock special. i did not see it. but i saw the um thing about will smith. dude he went hard. in the paint it was at the last five. minutes of this special is what i heard i don't. know but i just saw a clip. online that's first of all. brilliant to put it the last. five minutes because he's like everyone's like waiting. for it and then he did and he was calling will. smith a [ __ ] in it i was like wow that's hard that's hard. as [ __ ] and of course it was shitty that will smith. did that and you know. if you're gonna smash somebody in the in the uh if you're gonna smack. somebody in the face then and do or do. a one of the best. comedians in the world you know. he's obviously going to. talk about and make fun of you so will smith. his weather in a few uh probably weather in the storm right. now but um yeah uh yeah he he went hard. you guys should watch at least that part. i didn't see the rest of it. so i don't know uh chris rock's. one of my favorites though. and uh he was uh i mean he was like talking. about how uh will smith. wild is the worst recap. of all time but i'm just like thinking. about it like you just call him. a [ __ ] and [ __ ] and like it was so funny uh and that's it dude and i don't want to. talk about it anymore. and i do what i want. so but yeah i know people probably. what do you think about the chris. rock thing so that's what i think about it. it was funny he's hilarious. and um it's tough for uh what do. you call it well will smith no. probably because of that i watched some of the alex murdoch. uh thing he was found guilty alex. murdoch is it murdoch they say. on the documentary say murdoch and then. they also say alec it's so it's like his name. is alex murdaugh and they say murdoch. in the documentary they add a k. and then drop the x for alec. so it's like dude but it's a lex. no wonder this guy who [ __ ] wound. up killing his family. guys gotta [ __ ] you know. murder murder but alex murdoch but alec. murdoch huh that's enough. to start stabbing honestly. dude obviously uh i don't know if he got found guilty i guess. he did it so but dude. the [ __ ] i was watching document with my my wife. and i don't i don't like to. watch those things man they're just so like they're all the same. like how many murder documentaries. are gonna watch you know. like they're every it's like every every every [ __ ] day and a half. netflix is like the [ __ ] sam. [ __ ] jones murders and you're like who's this guy i think they're just making up. people at this point it's like just hey you're like watching the thing. you're like is this a real guy. or did ai do this. one and it shows up a picture of him. he's got seven fingers you're like this. is ai hey why can't ai catch up. on the finger game this. is what everybody's hands. look like in ai this. is one hand you follow. a ai nah nine fingers on like an old lady. get with it dude. and like a tit on. the side of her face. what's wrong with aiaa i get. it together dude um so they're making them up. dude foreign kept doing it. with the uh murdoch whatever. the [ __ ] his name is and i kept saying like god he is handsome. to her and he is so like the ugliest. guy in the world you know like if you were to. like scientifically figure out the ugliest. person he would be in top. ten right it'd be him kenneth branagh. and anyone else who's pasty. with red hair you know. like the ugliest guys kind of red. hair yeah i'm talking about. dude like kinda red hair and if you do that. to their anywhere on their body it immediately. turns pink those are the ugliest. guys and that guy just and then he made two. more people like that what man. if you're like a kind of ginger. and you marry a kind of ginger. don't procreate dude. they're gonna be in the top. ten so then the case the kid was just like nutso. dude and just ran i mean. he didn't even run people. over he [ __ ] used a boat to. kill people which is crazy. dude that's so rich. that's so rich to. kill someone on your boat wow. that sucks man that whole thing. sucks dude my heart goes out. to the the little the little uh was it. a was he in high school. or was she in college. or whatever it was man. my heart goes out to. her that's rough man. i don't know how these families. deal with that [ __ ] i don't know how they deal with it i don't know how they deal with it man. like i cannot i god bless man. these people who live through. those things like the families. who live through those things. they are a special type of person. they are a strong person. i guess you just have to. keep moving forward but oh my god dude. a lot of people die. in tom sizemore we knew that. guy was gonna die. though right like we knew he wasn't going. to get to 70. he was 61. he was [ __ ] great. he was a great actor in um he was in saving. private ryan he was like such a good. actor and then he would do movies. where he was like i don't care. what the script is what are. they pay me uh you know what i don't even care. let me just do it. they're paying me 40. grand for for three months. work in new zealand. and it's about a what a killer. pumpkin i don't give a [ __ ] man. i'll go do i have to. wear a shirt you know and then like there was a thing. like in 2000 and it did. i don't know i actually shouldn't talk. about that because he's the tom sizemore and he just died. but tom sizemore is um he was he was great. he was a great actor um r.i.p tom sizemore what's this. here this is something. one fire sent me who's this. guy jerry boys. on um on uh tick tock. come on won't go. great ivan did it oh chrome. it is chrome oh here. we go it won't play. for some reason that's great. yes dude my drunk girls. thing went [ __ ] super viral. again on tick tock. your boy can't stop on. tick tock dude. not the only one getting steak. tonight buddy what's up. i was saying watch the tough guy. i'm trying to get some steak. but that's all that's something what does that. have to do with me. over here looking for steak. no it's you're in the way. pets good that's all. you got a [ __ ] problem dude let's [ __ ] hand s 100 series bro who comes up. to somebody in the giant. when they're getting steak. and tries to. cause broadway no offense. i'm not causing a. problem buddy you're in the way. oh i'm in the way. yeah i'm sorry my shoulders. are bigger than your [ __ ] whole. body smash them friend. bro i don't know ask this. guy with that no what would you do. yeah walk off pipsqueak. i don't know is your buddy. like one song tonight i don't know. him he comes up. to me and tells me i'm in the way. of the snake and they called. me pit squeak dude. are you kidding me. how was she even. win it doesn't matter buddy. okay i'm sure you're a champion yeah how'd you. know buddy i'm a ufc champion wow. dude oh i gotta watch that. again that's [ __ ] actually hilarious hey man you're in the way the steak. bro that's a tough guy. not the only one getting lost tough guy. he's not the only one getting steak. tonight buddy what's up. i was saying watch the tough guy. no i'm being serious. though i'm trying to. get some steak but that's all. i it's actually so confusing. the way he's doing it. and this guy has no idea. what's happening that's so funny. dude yo watch out tough guy. you're not the only one getting steak. tonight no i'm being dead. serious man i'm just trying to. get some steak tonight we gotta play. more does are there more of these there's so many oh let's look. at more bro this guy jerry boys. let's look at another one. here oh the look on. this guy's face already. here we go why does it. take a long time. to do it in the past. i'm pissed why is it. taking so long oh this. is great how long it's taking why. is it taking so long. yeah i'm on the right. network dude it's my wifi. dude i live here he says. okay on the right. network who says are you on the right network. when it's my house dude. i have two networks. that's true they're both good. right one of them which one's bad the one. say it quiet so they don't hear it. so that no one contacts. into my [ __ ] oh i'm on the bad one how's it going. young buck hey what's up not much man i remember when i was your age no seriously by the time. are you my age. yeah man yeah good years. those were i'm uh i'm 56. right now huh. oh appreciate the compliment. sir you know i didn't huh. you got 20. no i'm 56. no you're not how could you say so buddy. come on because you're gonna look 20. anyway how you can be 56. i appreciate that. man i get that a lot. man yeah yeah you know. you eat healthy you smoke. dope man yeah i'll do it. for you yeah thank you. man oh yeah man. enjoy your day young. buck you too thank you wow dude i gotta follow. this guy okay i'm on the bad. wifi i'm not getting a good wifi. uh i'm on a good one. the ultimate there's another ultimate one. oh dude he's got he's hiding wifis because hiding wifi. is in my own house. you're gonna give me another one. another good one from the foreign. look at these guys dude. these are hilarious let me. look at the ones i got that. the this one's got a lot. of things all right let me do this. one here we go. oh this wifi sucks. too it's not doing it. i gotta follow this jerry boys. on tick tock. holy [ __ ] dude that's funny i'm not i gotta get on it i gotta it's not doing it it's not doing it dude what what's wrong with this. wifi okay because i'm pissed. my computer i gotta get a new computer. hasn't been updated for like six years. here we go oh watch. the tough guy very good. watch the pipsqueak wow oh watch a tough guy. just so watch the pipsqueak. i mean so dick. just so dick dude. to be doing that oh here. this has 1.3 million this will be good wow. the guy's got the tree tattoos on. his arm you know. that guy that that's so funny. so this one's jerry boys. it's called i don't know it. says pip squeak on. the thing come on i'm in pip. squeak who calls someone. pip squeak that's so funny. yo watch your pipsqueak. hahaha here we go waiting. for it to play. for some reason it's great. it's great because we're waiting. for it to play. that's great dude thanks for sitting with me. guys like and subscribe at this. point here we go i said watch huh. you heard me yep all right. yeah i mean so dick. wow that's really how is the guy. doing it so funny oh my god you're stuck. in an elevator with this guy. okay here we go. ladies first ladies first lady oh oh no. i'm saying you you can go ladies. first yeah [music] oh i thought i was gonna say like thanks. lady at the end that would have been amazing. all right let me go here's he says. another one uh one fire. sent me another good one. here we go excuse me. pipsqueak it's all to. me yeah we'll call him. oh [ __ ] all right it's not a problem right nah you walk around though around yeah why is that i disrespectful all right can i get around this week all right can we restart no you're in the way bro don't call me no more names. all right lip squeak i'm. just trying to. get by right awesome. but you're in the way. sucker goodbye oh come on go. man can we can we start. can we restart no dude. that one's good holy [ __ ] excuse me pipsqueak. talk to me yeah. don't call me pipsqueak. all right it's not a problem. right around yeah yeah god i want. to see what this guy. looks like are you guys. gonna get laid out he's gonna. get laid out that guy. was huge bro here we go. i mean this one. says 50 cent son out. the way pets week i said. out the way pipsqueak. yeah that's so disrespectful. to not even say the whole sentence. i'm saying you're a pit squeaker. in my way say excuse. me all right bro next time. i'll say excuse me pipsically grab say that. now all right i don't have to. move you see me doing. something right what are you doing. are you shopping keep your window. shopping oh my god dude. out the way pipsqueak. out the way pipsqueak. out the way pipsqueak. out the way yeah i don't get it. i'm saying you're a pit squeaker. in my way say excuse. me all right bro next time. i'll say excuse me pick squeak. all right say that now. i don't have to. move you see me doing. something right what are you doing. are you shopping you know. what are you doing you. shopping you're window shopping good. you it's so funny because you can hear that. the guy's nerve is doing it. wow what that could get laid. out he kind of deserves to. too that's crazy those are the best. three god that first one was [ __ ] hilarious. i'll watch it again watch. tough guy not the only. one getting steak tonight buddy. what's up i was saying watch a tough guy. not being serious i'm trying. to get some steak. but that's all that's all you got a [ __ ] problem dude let's [ __ ] handle this series bro who comes up. to somebody in the giant. when they're getting steak. and tries to. cause broadway and no offense. i'm not causing a. problem oh i'm in the way. yeah well i'm sorry my shoulders. are bigger than your [ __ ] whole. body dude okay buddy the illest illest. slam yeah walk off biblically i don't know he comes up. to me dude. are you kidding me. how was she even. weigh the weight doesn't matter buddy. okay championship fight yeah. how'd you know buddy. i'm a ufc champion oh my god i mean. does your friend want something. tonight also i want to. talk about this dude. there's a tick tock. this guy so hold on i want. to watch some of this. guys tick tocks you know why. dogs are better than cats. because a cat will try to. bite your hand off if you accidentally touch it. in the exact wrong. spot but you could smack. a dog in the nose. and they're like do you want. to play frisbee so. people are saying that this. guy who i think i've met. him before i guess he's a successful. standup comedian people are saying that. he he's faking the clips. like he doesn't have clips. of audience members is this right. no it can't be that. who does that i hope he's doing. that honestly to. game the system for real because these clips. are so stupid not his but it's so stupid. if you ever listen. to a stranger's conversation for so long that you get super. into it for 25. minutes i was listening to. a girl in a coffee. shop cry about her boyfriend until i was like excuse me you don't know me but you need to. leave him i can't believe he would treat. you like that you are so. much better than this he doesn't deserve you. do you ever listen. to a stranger's conversation it. actually does have a weird. doesn't it sound maybe his audiences are just [ __ ] killer. bro honestly if he's doing this. more power to him. because it's so stupid these clips. on they'll [ __ ] post anything now people these crowd work clips. like i discern the [ __ ] whether or not i post it. it's good or not i mean. there's so many crowd work. clips i'm like nah this one's not that. good i'm not gonna post. it people are just like uh hey what do you do. for a living on tick. tock and then the audience might be like oh dude. i'm a chef and someone's like oh what do. you make dude [ __ ] and then they'll post and be like yo i'm coming in [ __ ] on the thing to. be like buffalo new york. i'm coming like i don't understand. this whole tick tock. thing but i i post. only the good ones on my tick. tock and yeah my tick tock. goes dummy viral and yeah you know. when i post the shits. it goes nutso but you know it's just like is this. guy is this my buddy. sent me this and he's like people think it's a fake. do you ever listen. to a stranger's conversation first i don't care bro. he gained the system. good for him if he makes a career off this. i'll tell you what i'm buying. tickets to his next. show and i'm being serious. i support this kind of behavior. i got so lonely during quarantine. that i went on a website for adult. videos and in the search. box where you type in your fetish. i wrote genuine enthusiasm. wow is it real what do you guys. think leave it in the comments. um you know what i'm gonna. bleep his name out in the podcast. because i don't want people to. like get mad at them. and stuff because i actually look at the comments. all believe it maybe it's real this. is funny oh i hope he gets a career. for real maybe he probably already has one. but this is this is very interesting. because it sounds fake i am not the most confident. person in the entire world. i think this is real person. has got to be um the guy. who is in charge of web. design at craigslist this is real this. is real that dude. has never second guessed himself. in his entire life [laughter]. this is real you can tell they came to. this guy like hey we are building. a brand new website it's going. to connect entire cities we've been trying. to figure out who we want. to design it and we've chosen you. you'll have a team. of people at your disposal whatever you dream up. we can make and the guy was like this. is a funny bit website huh. i got it i want all texts all the same. size and color i'm done. this is a funny bit. dude that's real that's a funny. bit dude if it's fake why why. he can actually do it. he can actually do real. standup that's funny it's that's weird. that makes me think the other ones. are fake interesting that's a funny. bit guys funny okay. hold on i'm going to. another one i'm like deep in this. now boy would i look. at that i'm glad i'm honestly. i'm glad i'm watching this. on a podcast because i was watching this. in real life i would spend hours. doing this yes here we go. here's another one you ever. try to order. from a restaurant but their website is so frustrating. that you just give up an order. from somewhere else i thought i wanted. sesame beef but your shopping cart. system is such garbage. that suddenly i have a craving. for pizza it just tastes. so easy to order. is that is that html5. interesting i wonder well. i believed his name out. okay ivan i believed his name. out just so you don't need to. know who he is but because i don't i don't. know if that is fake or not i don't. want to start something but that uh that. was interesting but that that bit. was funny the one that's definitely live is. funny so he can do it. so why would he do the fake. one maybe it is real i don't know. wow um yeah so okay well look that's that's good. um that's good on you. guys thank you very. much uh i appreciate you. guys uh i'm gonna be shooting uh my special. go to chrissy dot com. to get tickets uh and go to. chrissy dot com i'll be. in uh you know. um austin minneapolis. um uh this will come out. when when does this come out. i'll be in oh i'll be in midland. i'll be in kansas. no this will come out. tonight kansas city uh and tulsa which is a weird. market but i'll be in tulsa and uh i got other ones coming up columbus ohio. and uh other ones in ohio. and also utah and milwaukee. all right that's it for the episode. on youtube if you want to. get the raw uncut the unedited unedited episode. go to uh chris uh patreon dot com. crystallia that's on my patreon. and there are about 24. episodes that are private for only the patreon people you'll get that. for just six bucks uh and every month. we come out with a new episode. that is only on patreon and uh there's other stuff. too other stuff too. i was talking to. this the discord on patreon the other day. we chat have a good time. so go on over to. patreon dot com crystalia and uh check us. out thanks foreign [music] 