 all right look adamandeve dot com. we love it uh who wants better. sex and who wants to. start having better sex immediately. duh that's everyone that will. be everyone i think probably the best. way to get started. is to go to. adamandeve dot com right. now adam and eve is offering 50. off just about any item. plus free shipping which includes rush. processing you get it quickly. more than that adam and eve. wants to make your life. easy they offer discreet shipping. as your privacy is. priority plus 100 free shipping. with rush processing on your entire order. that means if you want to. get like a dildo or something like that. or whatever it is some uh uh uh jelly. you know what i mean. all whatever it is sex. foam whatever you want you get it it's discreet nobody knows what it is yes dude it doesn't matter how much you spend or what you buy it will be packaged and sent discreetly for free and fast uh 50 off one item free shipping with free rush processing uh so go to. adamandeve dot com and select any one item. it could be an adventurous new toy or anything. you desire just enter offer code. lifeline at checkout that's lifeline. lifeline at adamandeve dot com. this exclusive offer is specific to. this podcast so be sure to. use this code lifeline. to get your discount. 100 free shipping and get it. fast with rust processing code. lifeline are far or you know a fart even like the smell. of the house is it. okay you know to. mention it's obviously a fart. i don't get ones like this. what do you think what do. you mean ones like this. you're the one who let it through. oh far well i mean i want to. let them through because i want you guys to. understand eviscerate them really wow playing god. playing god [music] wow. [music] hello hello [music] yeah no i don't want any of them. um loser dude leg hurts today and you're and you're in a bad. mood because of it that's not why. i'm in a bad mood. oh you're in a mad. tell everybody why you got in a bad. mood he got in a bad mood. right before we started recording. and i could tell he was about to. [ __ ] blow up and and i take back. that f word and you know. what i did instead i said guys. i'm getting frustrated can we just start. the show yeah but i could because maybe because i'm your brother. i knew already i know but that's what's exploding. but my point is before. that yes i have to. look on you i was like that's i know that. look but the reason yes of course you do but the reason. why i said i'm frustrated. can we start to. show was to. let people know i get it. storms are coming so you've been therapized and you're doing. better yeah but i'm stressing. the point that i already knew anyway. i know i understand that but that's necessarily they don't necessarily understand. that which is why i said what i said. but what happened is you started. agreeing with me as if you. knew what my point. was but you didn't and then i had to. go back and say no that. was my point and that kind of got papered over. so i want to. say one more time. clean don't say it again. without being said but both times. it got compromised and stepped on i don't think i think everyone honestly. knows what happened okay. so so you don't have to. say it i don't have to. say it again no i think everyone's knows. what happens and i think that everyone also knows. that i know what you are. saying okay and then i said something. different i just knew because the way. you look on their face that's fine. i already knew that okay. that was the third time. but i'm done okay but i i figured you knew. even because of you're my brother. they might not have known. that i figured that the audience. not them thought he didn't even. see it we didn't even. have it on camera. it was beforehand no it wasn't we got that. on camera no no not the me. being frustrated part yeah right. correct that's what i'm saying. yeah well i had to. illustrate it yeah i think you're just honestly. dude you're dead wrong right. now i i don't think you understand. uh you know what i'll say. this is what i was getting. frustrated about is we're launching. a patreon yes you could sign up. right now dude patreon dot com. lifeline luxury that's what it's called. and um it's starting you know. we're starting when we want to. start uh we know we're halfway. through the month but we're you know fullfledged. firing on all s well. let's say cylinders uh july. uh i'm sorry june june. which is next i didn't mean. to say july i don't know they shouldn't have two months. with to start with j. back to back on four. letters they're both ju i agree. and if you agree with that. you said it so you can't. agree with the things what i'm saying. about how you said four. letters nju and i didn't say. that so i'm giving you credit. oh okay so do you agree. that it's they shouldn't have that. july should be somewhere before. december it just uh i'm kind of down with like the cute. like light i guess jj the summer. vibe like it gets you into. the summer vibe with like the two kids. i gotcha okay well they got me. okay yeah whoever made that i've been gotten mr. months by the gregorian. calendar mix okay yep so uh they got you and um we are starting uh thing. on patreon where we're going. to do uh at least two episodes. a month um uh they're called lifeline luxury. and they're half hour episodes. uh or so you know. there'll be maybe some some longer. some well no they won't be shorter. but um and uh it's just gonna be matt. and i uh no no callings. no nothing just being just just bantering. right stories are personally yeah they're not stories got some future stories that haven't happened yet. that we'll be able to. a lot of people like what we do. the first 10 minutes of the show. which is just us kind of you know. sometimes it's five minutes sometimes it's ten. minutes we're gonna do full uh at least half. hour patreon two at least two times a month. and it's called lifeline so patreon dot com. lifeline luxury sign up definitely sign. up by june but it's live now. if you want to. do it uh if you want to. sign up um so anyway that's what's up. so yay congratulations yay uh my tour. is at chrisley dot com. will be in nashville i'll be. in pittsburgh i'll be in all sorts. of different places uh pueblo. colorado uh boys boise and um utah. soon uh but anyway go. to get tickets chrisley dot com. philadelphia let's do it and uh and you know. if you want solo sessions. with your boy bad. about it for zoom. sessions i was gonna say phone. but it's actually zoom sessions. you can look at my face. i can look at your face. and we can get down. to the nittygritty oneonone at. mantelia dot com book. your session now uh and then you can leave us. a message on the hotline. 2139738095 or you have a question. click the link below or go. to watch lifeline dot com i wonder why that tv is i also wonder this i gotta keep doing. this right and that's something that absolutely should have been. if we're just gonna be lay it down. be completely honest i just hit this. totally uh the way he's dealing. totally agree yeah but it's not. and that's fine but that's what's up. so uh too many letters too many. letters yeah well see those aren't that's not nope. he's doing it so uh it's fine. so anyway uh let's get back to. the actually the what we were talking. about is not the patreon. but my leg hurts but also the merch. get your life get your merch. at lifelinemirch dot com. yeah it's very good merch. so uh and by the way i see people on the road. i was in um where was i cincinnati. and uh columbus they have the lifeline. merch too and they like you they're like oh nice you know. what someone came up to. me and stuck your face. someone came up to. me at whole foods the other day and said hoover. rich place and said are you matt dalia. and i said yeah i mean. i'm it's possible to. recognize me from a lot. of different things because i've been a lot. of different things okay. critically acclaimed stuff sort of stuff sort of stuff like like this for the people monk. don't forget monk okay. um and uh i said yes and he said it's cool. to see you standing up. so it's obviously from the podcast. uh i know but it took like did you play. a paraplegic in franklin and back i needed to. yeah it was so believable. yeah he thought i was really in a wheelchair. no dude that is such a weird. thing to say first. it's kind of a cool thing. to say are you matalia. yes huh cool i've never seen. you standing up that wait. hold on that's what happened. that's different then it's cool. to see you standing up. what did he say i've never seen. you standing up and it's cool. to see you standing up. you're two different things and i think one. of them i've never seen you. standing up yeah that is. not a cool thing to. say that's a weird thing. to say yeah it's cool. to see you standing up. now that's a cool thing. to say and that's a sexy. guys say stuff like that. like me really thinking about it. on the sexy scale i'm just thinking about the weird. scale never seen you. standing up before it's like. i felt very studied i felt like i felt. on like under a microscope. i don't remember walking around. that's why i said keep walking. you said keep i said keep walking. no you did yeah i said yeah. keep walking those are the only teams that's so rude. no no no it went like this. hey are you mad to. leah yeah i've never seen. you standing up before keep. walking that's how it's so rude. the rudest guy of all. time yeah uh you know. so i will say uh uh we're glossing over. the fact that my leg hurts and that's not. cool you keep i don't. know your leg hurting i want. to know why is that interesting. to talk about so here's the only thing. that i've done differently. in my life and this would make a lot. of sense but then i have a caveat. of when my leg hurts this. could make a lot. of sense you're leaving. that's slowly trying to. get away with leaving yeah so this is this. would make a lot of sense. but i want you to. wait for the caveat okay. because you remind you okay. because if i just say the thing. and be like well that's obviously what. it is i get it. but i have a caveat. i know you have learned. the word caveat today. so i did lime. scooters for hours i did lime. scooters i did lime. scooters two hours two days in a row. for hours now doesn't that. sound like that would make what my leg. hurt right oh i see. yeah sure right yeah here's the caveat. yeah okay so you said you wouldn't do. that so it's a caveat. you asked i know but i'm saying if i didn't know is that a test. no no it wasn't a test. i get it okay. that's on me but here's the caveat. that was saturday and sunday. it's gonna make you mad at what. i say and it is wednesday. it's gonna make you mad what i said. i don't know what you're gonna. say and i'm pissed it. and i'm i'm pissed i know. preemptively so tell them. what i'm gonna say he's gonna say. yeah sometimes it takes a while. for things to start. happening and it's probably the sort of thing. yeah i'm pissed it's actually. a especially true when they're muscles. that you really not ones. that have atrophy but have are like less. commonly used by you right. you don't use your leg. muscles you don't walk anywhere. you don't get on a bike. ever you don't you don't do. you don't run dude. i'm i'm slacked you what i i do. jumps i'm great what is. a jump what a jump. is jumping i jump what are you six years old. no i'm just saying i i work out. sometimes in during the workout you jump. yeah to wear like how what. you're working out you're like okay. now now i'm doing jumps. jumps is a good workout. dude i jump i believe you but i don't believe that. you do him everything's so light. everything's so light so strong. bouncing all over um so so yeah. so anyway so that's what's up. and that's fine but i bet. i was there yeah right. when you were screaming. first an eyewitness an eyewitness i bet. you you hurt yourself when you almost fell off the scooter. okay well so oh now we're airing it. now the truth comes. out we have a witness and you got screwed over for that. let's just i didn't fall off. the scooter okay it. sounds like you all david first. of all david fell off the scooter. and rolled and tumbled on the grass. and we went like like doing that. it was so funny we have it. on video how did you not. dude i'm so pissed at you what. you're saying how could you not tell me. that i'm telling you right. now but how could you wait. this long to. tell me it's like your leg. it's like it takes four days for your leg. to start hurting how could you wait. four days to. tell me that you have on video. our friend david sullivan who. has the largest skull. bone yeah in the world did the earth crack when his head hit the ground. no but i will tell you what. wow it's gonna it's it's well i didn't get it. with my phone we got it. with the actual camera so it's gonna be on the vlog. so i'll send you the vlog. when it comes out. it'll be the cincinnati. columbus vlog whatever it was but oh wow. but dude it is the tour. report but dude he fell and and i mean. oh my god it was so [ __ ] funny oh he got it wow and i watched it happen. it was right next to. me he rolled past he's 46. dude he's 40. what did he say. the first thing after he got up. man but when he was on the ground. was he's like oh he was a defensive. he was smiling no he was like okay. good he knew it. i know i know i wish it. was damn i know i wish it. like hurt a little too much. but he he was rolling and couldn't stop and and was smiling. as he was about to. fall because he knew he was [ __ ] that's great it. was so good that's great. but that i still wish he was nervous. or like wanted to. make it seem like it was gonna happen. or it doesn't hurt. yeah yeah yeah yeah perfect that's always the best. but no it was great. it was still funniest it's still a high. hilarity but so it'll be on the vlog. but so make sure you sign. up to my crystalia. channel but um yeah yeah yeah but uh so anyway so that's what happened. so i think that that might be what my leg. is but if not it might be uh you know. who knows maybe it's a [ __ ] huge why would your leg. hurt because david sullivan. fell what do you guys. so twins i wanted him. to know that the reason. why i fell is because of um no. the reason why i have is david fell. i did not fall i know. that i get it it almost fell. and what you did. i wouldn't say i almost fell but did. you almost fall because david almost hit me over no no no it was separate. it's everything so why are you denying. it because i want people to. know that 10 miles an hour. what you had to. do to stop yourself from falling. is you probably twist your knee or something. like that yeah how could you leave. that out me yeah. i don't even remember that. happening but not leaving it. out you're doing another one. talking think about how it happened. and now i remember it. happened okay wow blocked it. out blacked it out but i don't know. if that's what it was. couldn't bear to think about it. anyway there are four days ago. that that happened and now my leg yeah dude. yes because you don't use your legs. a lot that's why i do. use my legs a lot. i do jumps okay. but anyway dude i'm fit but we should go. sign up for lifeline luxury. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. um and uh and we're gonna do episodes. just where we just do that. and not take people's videos. insufficient so uh because a lot. of people like that part. of the show exclusively so that's what. we're gonna do well we asked what. would you want to. hear if you had another yep. a lot of people yeah people said exactly. what we're gonna do so you're welcome. yeah put your money where your mouth. is and keep it moving. right isn't that what you said. to the guy keep it. moving keep walking yeah yeah yeah yeah all right. so uh let's go let's go let's take some first. submissions let's do it hello. big fan robot chris. i saw you in oakland. a few years back. matt delete is confused as one. of the best podcasts of all. time thank you thank you here's the dilemma. my friend who is very lonely. one on facebook a while. back and was looking through. his friend's friends list and finding women. that he could hit up. for nudes not the way. i would go about it. but to each their own. i guess okay just ended up sending. news to this person. who he thought was perfectly. legitimate and after exchanging the nudes they sent. him a message asking him. for 500 or they would. share these nudes with everybody on his friends list after paying this person a few weeks passed and they came back asking for another 500 i don't say. this cycle repeated until he paid them i think twenty five hundred dollars and then they stopped reaching out to. him they did a year. or so has passed now. and they are reaching out. again for more money what should my friend do. should he continue to. pay this person who is threatening. him or should he just say [ __ ] it let's moment. of silence for this absolute [ __ ] before we dive in here i mean how dumb why do you want to. send over some nudes without even like like you don't go. online in general financial bill. and try to. find like people to. send people to. exchange people have different kinks. though i guess yeah i mean i guess i mean i definitely know women. have told me like men. send unsolicited which blows my mind. yeah who ever got a dick. pic and was like huh. i think i like this. guy that never happened. i've never in my life. sent a dick pic. yeah that's yeah yeah so i just i don't i don't. trust that [ __ ] so you're the opposite of this guy you haven't ever seen one even two people i know right okay so so here's the thing the guy maybe to. like friends i have like to. you okay are like okay well that's yeah. but not not zero women that you know. deserves an explanation but i'm gonna. pretend but uh one time. i put a cloth over it. and i said oh no there's a ghost. in my house and i sent. it to brian callum. okay well i believe that. um scary so um but but but i have a friend. that this has happened to. i do too yeah it's common. yeah so your friends even dumber. for that reason if it's a thing that people know about it's a scam it's like that nigerian gold. scammer or whatever i think it's not. as known as the nigerian. thing maybe not but but that's just like the nigerian. thing still works i guess. this still happens. yeah and i think you know. obviously he made a mistake. by paying anything to. begin with your toast it happened. it's coming out yeah the end. that's your it has to. be your mentality right. yeah it happened the the photos are gonna come out. and that's that i guess but but it's possible. that that they would never do. anything if you just ignored them. that is it's possible. they would never leak. anything because like they're not getting money. it's just it's more worshipful thing. is it's gonna come out. if it's going to. come out the money. has nothing to. do with it yeah basically i mean. the but i'm saying that's the way. you need to. think so let's erase. the 25 2500 you already did. it it's already in the hole. it's already gone bye bye now. we're gonna see it again. bye bye don't need to. do all that but yeah uh i don't really don't like the last bye. bye bye bye 2500 that's gone. forever yeah that sucks it's a goodbye thank you. for coming loved having you jada sorry. to see you go but you're gone. all good okay um so now. you're back at zero and you're gonna say. no money for you yeah i'm done. if you need to. do it do it if you you know. whatever but don't message me. anymore i'm gonna give you no. more money if you have to. blast my photo to. everybody i know so be it no i don't even. think you should say then okay. they're not gonna do it. well they might not but this is what. you do to ensure. that they don't oh okay. the way you say that. yeah is like this send it to. everyone right and then don't say anything. else go ahead send it. to everyone bye don't don't. hit me up anymore. i think that's the way. to really make sure probably. right yeah because you seem like yeah. you legitimately don't care but they already. know he cares because he paid. 2500 right but people grow people change. and maybe now he doesn't care. so forget also here's the other thing. dude this guy has maybe tell this. guy this uh you don't who cares. who cares it's i get there's the shame. involved or i sent the nude. but honestly i've never sent. a nude that's that's an anomaly it's very rare that nobody it's very rare that you find somebody that's never sent a nude right yeah sure yeah who cares they all know they've secretly done it so who cares i don't i don't get i mean unless you've got like some seriously some small penis or some [ __ ] which i don't if this if this somehow happened to. me i need a wide. lens and somebody was like i want. to show everybody yeah if you don't pay. me 500 i would just be like can't. wait huh yep look can't. wait all right all right can't wait you're not gonna get my money. yeah i know i'll do it. you know what i mean. i'll do it uh actually you know. what no stop it stop right. there let me do it. yeah then i would blast the exact. same photo of me. to all everyone in my friend. group take pictures of a screenshots as proof. send it back to. that guy just to. show them how much i don't care. at all right right yeah yeah but we're also very different. in that hole who cares. confidence thing you know. i don't i don't know if it's i'm not taking it from. a confidence standpoint though it's actually just like a common. sense standpoint they're never going. to stop asking for money. so do you have any money. no right yeah so you only have one alternative is to. kiss them goodbye and say yeah. but don't do it off. with you yeah okay off with you right. but i i think that um it's just i had a buddy. that that just happened to. and he said oh no. i guess just send it to. everyone because i'm not going to. pay you and and he said that. and the person never did. it yeah yeah okay thank you. yeah i didn't see i didn't even. know that but yeah um it was an idiot he's an idiot. for doing it that which party. is needed for for sending. a picture to somebody that he didn't well. i don't he so didn't know that. unless it's your girlfriend or or something. or boyfriend well obviously okay. obviously that's okay but if it's somebody any less than that. don't ever do it and also don't do it. if it's your girlfriend or boyfriend. because they're they lie first of all do it. if you want if it's someone you think you trust like whatever. life is short yeah. and and who cares. if something goes sideways. and like but just like don't look for people. you've never met to. exchange news with yeah. that is stupid exactly but that's somebody. but that's his kink. probably so it's like oh i mean. that's a strange king. yeah well they're strange ones. anyway your friend is an idiot and already messed up. but moving forward he doesn't have to. keep being an idiot he can stop being an idiot and from now. on be less of an idiot right. all right so give them. that advice from from us to. him sealed with a kiss okay. yeah okay cool all right. next one foreign jiu jitsu back. in the day which is crazy. to me because i couldn't imagine you rolling. around with a bunch of sweaty. dudes well what i like that but uh i trained jiu. jitsu full time and i'm injured right. now and i just want to. know how you guys deal. with like when you can't do your passion. or your job due to. an injury or like life. circumstances like when something is so pivotal to. your life uh that's like an anchor that you do. every day when you stop doing it. it like you kind of feel like well what am. i doing with my time. so i'm just kind of curious. what you guys would do. any advice would help love. you guys chris i saw you in austin. and it was amazing. thanks bro keep killing it. and thanks thanks bro i'm just like i look like he does. jiu jitsu yeah he does look what i mean. yeah he i bet. he's good at it too. um well if it's just fulltime. yeah uh it's uh yeah well when i did that. was actually i was thinking about this. the other day i always think about the other day. how weird it is i agree. it's weird that you like that. no it's not it. is from the outside obviously. it's up to. you no but it's not because you know. it to be but if you know. the deep side of me. and i'll tell you why well maybe you need to. be more open about your deep. side because nobody you're you're an enigma. and a mystery i like no oneonone stuff. what does that mean. like i i don't like sports. people usually think like oh oh oh people that's not. the reason why okay yeah and i think same with him. it's the closeness of physical. contact i like the mixing stuff. bodily fluids and weirdness yeah a lot. of potential weirdness you know. um well yeah but also [ __ ] man there's some weirdos. there uh so and i love weirdos. but yeah i was just thinking about this. the other day how much it. sucks for people who do like combat sports. or or martial arts. how much time like when you're injured. you don't get to. do it that sucks dude. it's happening it happened back in the day. didn't it like you got well so you know they say if you're not hurt. you're not training right. but uh yeah my knee yeah i got knee surgery. but then uh you know i don't know you have. to figure out i don't know. what your injury is but it's like it. obviously it's all part of it. so you know they say that. a lot of the advancement in even physical. stuff has to. do with you thinking about it. while you're not doing it. uh which i always thought was interesting. but um yeah yeah i you know. it's just interesting yeah like take the time. that you would have been training. to think about right. previous training sessions what could have happened. differently how you could do. certain things at certain times. that's that's actually a good point. yeah yeah so there's that. it's not it's fun obviously but um it also isn't gonna have the same. effect on your brain like you just like you're not no you're sitting there. not moving but but if you're worried about productivity. versus none like that that is something. yeah but it also helps in a different. way i think yeah you know. so um you could be thinking more. critical about it rather. than just reacting in the moment. but um yeah i don't know i mean. my passion is you know. stand up but uh i i took a break. from it for a few. months but uh you know i i don't know it's uh it. was okay it was okay. a year actually i said i don't know how long yeah. i didn't do it for a year. but um i mean i was dealing with. other [ __ ] but like you have to. like you have to. just learn how to. be okay with it maybe that's part. of it dude i mean. especially with martial arts. they say like a lot. of it is in your mind. and a lot of it. has to do with you. know so maybe just the waiting. part will help yeah. i think you i think you actually. do like do yourself some kind of favor. and not think about how much it. sucks that you can't do that. other thing and know that. you assuming it's a longterm injury and it's going. to take some time. to come back from it. you're gonna have to. find something else that at least. sort of somewhat fulfills you and i would just say be open. to what that might be instead of sitting around. being upset that you can't go. train anymore think of it. in this way i i'm gonna just be the reality. is i'm going to. be out for x amount. of months or weeks whatever. i need to find something. else and then find it. some of the most interesting things that i either. think about or read about. or look have read like looking. looked into uh have i've stumbled upon. because i was like what i think a lot. of people call being bored. but that's why that stuff isn't boring. like at any second you can stumble into. something that you're really interested. in yeah that's how i got into. cobbling so give give yourself a chance. i would say like uh to. find something new yeah. you know what's cobbling cobbling is. making shoes uh oops i knew it. i know i didn't knew it. while you were saying it but i was insecure. about knowing it because i thought maybe it was wrong. but we said making i go. shoes with you i didn't like it what you did. though it does but but that's necessary. for me so let's go. to the next one. stop always thinking i'm looking at you. i'm looking hey man. hey chris um my name is dede. um i guess my question is uh late at night. my roommates will get up. and turn the ac on oh they'll. blast it i get it. it'll be like um you know. maybe 54 degrees outside. which is pretty cold where i am. and um they'll they'll um they'll they'll make it like 65. and then sometimes 69. as well um which is not you know. no you don't do that. i know that that's wrong. i guess my question is what do i uh what do. i say to. them you know i want to. be a mean guy i appreciate them. i think they're nice people. i just i don't really know. how to how to. go about that because it's uh you know it's cold. all right thank you i mean. how much is okay sounds like your radio. i mean he's also an actor in in movies. with molly ringwald yeah well he just he's got such a good voice. i mean that guy should 100. be on the radio yeah. have his own podcast you gotta you gotta my advice. to you is start a podcast. no look that's horrible did. you say that this call is. for me because you know. i hate that [ __ ] marco. yeah uh you wake up. and put the [ __ ] heat on that's [ __ ] up dude 64 degrees then you gotta be hot and uncomfortable like oh i love that it's not but okay but that's not what never put the air. on if if it's 54. degrees outside you there's no reason. to ever ever ever ever yeah ever. just tell your guys say why. don't you open a window. yeah this is [ __ ] i wake up. freezing i'm gonna get sick. yeah it's also very very possible. this is true of most dwellings. you could very easily be in the room. that has the worst circulation for the. air and it just comes. out and ices everybody. no matter where you are. in it or what. time of day whatever what it's like. outside they could be in a room. that has like worse like a less effective. cooling off of the room you need to. let them know yeah that your room. gets freezing and also it's already. cold outside why can't you just open. a window if he hasn't let them. known know at all yeah that's and that's what you say. you say yo what's up. with the room i feel like because this is my room. is really cold when you put the air. down so maybe you could just open. up a window that's the move. but if you've brought it up. a bunch of times and they haven't said anything i don't think he's brought it up. there yeah i don't think so either. but if you haven't then you got it then it's worth all that. warfare sure break the thermostat yup. break the thermostat break their legs. yep dump ice in their bed. when they're sleeping yeah you know. in their moms in their shoes. before yep icing their shoes. yep steal money from them. steal money from them. yeah okay stuff like that. so we figured it out. yeah i don't know man. do you like what do. you like your temperature at right. okay so what do you put your thermostat at because you have to. put it either 70. yeah put that 70. but then it'll dip and then when it does. it comes back up to. 70 or back down to. 70. so 70 as well. so it's hot out i put the ac on 70. okay so what i like it's cold. i put the heat yeah okay so that's very uh how do i say it. a rudimentary irregular yeah that's very rudimentary but it's rudimentary it's crude it's simple. that's what you do yeah. it is simple right. but i do why would i complicate. because because things are a little different things are the bodies. aren't so aren't so simple. are they well from body. to body i guess not right. so even even honestly one. body take one body that's not so simple. i don't think that's your point. though so yeah that's true. but my point is that you need to. have some sort of finesse with it when it comes. to the air dude. i totally agree okay. you gotta have the right. touch my house happens to. be like that got it got it. okay it took me a while to. realize to realize that your house. is finesse was just kind of kind of rudimentary. it also depends on what room. i'm in if i'm in my bedroom okay other rooms. it's different okay um i have um i like so here's here's my thing. i like the temperature 70. 4. that's what i like that's the temperature. so you never want the ac on because rooms. are rarely that hot. so i put the heat on 76. or 77. what a maniac. because it doesn't go. up there it doesn't know. because that would be rudimentary if i thought that. i should put it on 74. but then it's it. also goes up to. 77 and as it. never turns on as it. gets to 77 it. cuts it goes back down to. 74. it never gets below 74. oh see that's not my i know my move that's the finesse. don't let it be above. or below depending upon if it's too cold. or too hot can't you. need the very minimum to. be yes what you like right. but then don't you like 77. no it's a little hot. so why are you setting it. because if i set it. at 74 it'll dip. down to 72. no it won't yes. it will the second it. goes below 74. if it runs in the different. houses are different well. that's because you got to. make sure the thermostat's in the right. place right but but you don't do that. you just get inhouse i did it. when i got my house. i did it i said the thermostat goes. there but that doesn't mean. that that's where the vents. go the events go where the vents are. already you bought the house. no no i had to. put in ac seriously yeah. yeah yeah yeah for real. okay so that's why it's built in like 1908. wow nobody ever thought to. put ac in back then they were just first summer. i lived there it was filtering. most miserable thing really yeah. and then wow dude it's it's uh peace. on earth since then all right. no one yeah i think another. one yeah hey matt hey chris um sorry i'm driving. from work but i just can't. stop thinking about this question. that i have to. ask you guys really need your advices. uh i'm an er nurse. i'm literally leaving work right. now whoa and i'm trying to. get out of virginia. beach um i've been here. for three years and i don't think i would need to. be nice anymore. um so i applied overseas got a job in england whoa cambridge it's a threeyear contract um the only downfall is this the pay is like [ __ ] uh to. the point where i'm afraid that i won't be comfortable. nor be able to. travel like i would plan to. if i went there so i also applied back home. to san diego and got the job. offer that also includes a hundred thousand. dollar signon bonus which is. pretty much unheard of for a nurse. so my question is if i should be practical or not do. i go back home where my family. is get that money and actually have money. to travel with or do i go. have an experience in england. and just say [ __ ] it no anyways. help me i'll definitely go to. san diego oh really bro. well i'm trying to. take into account what she thinks is what would be best. for her not what would be best. for me i would obviously go. to san diego but she is. someone who wants to. travel wants to. try new things she could travel with that. money i guess yes she could but she could also be in a new. place yeah she has to. exciting yeah yeah but i mean. i don't know something sounds. fishy about that england. [ __ ] like uh like a horror movie no no like you have this romantic idea of what it's going to. be like and it's just not going. to be of course it's not. going to be that right. no that's true no matter what. it's worth pointing out yeah yeah uh you know. what san diego is like you're from. there it's because the weather's also i mean. san diego's weather is absolutely unbelievable the greatest. so i say go back. there make that money yeah. look if you're going to. make more money yeah. so much also a lot more money. right so much to. the point that you'll be able. to travel and wait i mean. that seems like a nobrainer. yeah i get why you are hesitant. to do that but let me tell you something. about like being back. where you're from it's not. as bad as like movies. and tv shows i totally agree bro. it's just a place you know. really well i totally agree unless something. truly traumatic happens to. you somewhere right it's just a place. oh yeah i do that's like every other place. that's such a great point. so yeah also also you it's not like you're not in you're it's not. like you're going to. fargo you're going to. san diego which is a place. you know it's beautiful weather. it's near la it's near you. know it's near a lot. of other places is like it's also where you're going. isn't like paris or or berlin. it's like a place in england. she didn't even say london. true so it could just be anywhere. yeah and and places in england. are anybody ever been depressed. okay imagine exactly being 10. times that yep and every time you open. your eyes and having to. go like this a lot. what and then you see their teeth. and they're all [ __ ] up well that's for sure. but yeah yeah england it has its great. things like london yeah and that's it. and i love it i'm not badmouthing. england like i love it. i don't know who i am. oh okay i am really. yeah but you've been english. but it doesn't matter the point. is she might want to. go to england that's cool. but like this could be in a this. could be like slough you know. i mean like if you don't know. where you're going to. be you've been in england. you've been in london where else. oh that's it i haven't been like around. it okay cool yeah i'm too scared. most people are the google. image scariest uh generally the worst. people on earth wow why. do you say that. i think they're naughty. naughty bad bad inside something. about growing up there. you just you're naughty. naughty bad bad but it's an adult. by the time you're an adult. children i feel bad for them. but it's something the vibe of that. place whoa scary. stuff so deep creates monsters. england creates monsters next video okay. that'd be a good. uh title for the episode. hey man chris 12. i know. i have a scab on my channel. i've seen the other guy. but uh my question is point. that out my name's aaron. spelled aaron yep okay. and i knew that because it was 47. times a day what's up. what blood boiling why every time blood boils yeah. so what's what's a good. clap back or a good spin move. to when someone calls me. a ron say hey. [ __ ] so yeah i just okay i'm a small car and i want to. stop i really need some help. yeah have a have a litany of them. ready to go though. like yeah yeah the dickhead's a small. [ __ ] yeah yeah tubbo yeah yeah sure you know what i think about all the time and i hate to. do this because it's sort of like it's like bigging you up. but thank you ever so be it when you remember uh kian everybody. listen yeah okay one time. he said wait what is it. the one time he said you're like friends. with them so you guys oh yeah yeah yeah yeah one time. he like went over the line. and he was like you got a big ass. nose oh yeah and then you were like you said something. like and i'm paraphrasing so maybe correct me. yeah at least i don't have a big. ass yeah right yeah. yeah that was good because he was kind of fat. he was fat so it was good. smashed him smashed him so jealous. kian was great man he's a cool. dude i love it yeah but yeah the only people that he ever hung out. with in high school. was they had funky last. name yeah or first names. or parents that didn't speak english. you know my mom might have been funky. last names because like they had immigrant names. like even the yeah right. the the more american signing things which always that's what i'm saying. or because mom would be like you know. it's really great you're making friends. here in la when we moved. to from um southern california. from new jersey but i can't be friends. with their parents because they don't speak english. yeah that was a real thing i'd be like marcus. you're gonna have to. pick up a [ __ ] language. huh yeah i gotta look. up some japanese is a really. good friend you gotta learn. polish for idis mattis yep. you know was it polish. i thought it was russian. no he was polish all. right and his sister was in my grade. right exactly alike in. fact she was so beautiful. but it was upsetting. to look at her because she looked so much. like itis oh really so much. like artists wow man. all right well that's what it. is man uh hi itis i'm morgan. because i didn't because i didn't want people to. think i think the key. and had a big ass. was a very good friend. that's why i'm saying good. things but that was also when we were young. he might be you know. what it wouldn't surprise. me if keane was very handsome. i was surprised by fat. so uh all right threw him. a lifeline then took it right. back love you guys so much. like such a nice person. a boyfriend and we were having a house. party last saturday and so we got the house. ready i helped him. clean i bought us a lot. of alcohol and made some jungle. juice and jumbo juice. i made it sounded like such a big. deal that i was there. and like meeting all of his friends. and he knows i have social anxiety. so i told him these things and i hate parties. and so i told him. these things that would help. me and it made me feel more. comfortable and just not freak. out and the first person that got there he didn't introduce me to. them or to. anybody what and then from that. point on once that first person got there he wouldn't stand by. me or look at me or talk. to me include me in his conversations. or anything like at one. point we're literally in the kitchen. and he got everyone a shot. except for me like and i was standing right. there and it was like what where the [ __ ] am. i here like um but yeah so that was pretty. shitty and we were supposed. to be moving in together. like my lease is up super. soon and i thought we were super. great and solid and apparently we're not so any advice. and i get that it's his house. and he had to. entertain people but like i was his girlfriend too yeah and that's a bit extra this is super weird so any advice on that would be great okay so here's one thing just to. consider first off maybe he forgot. forgot what that she was his girlfriend. just just during the party no no no you don't. think that was it. i think it's really weird. and it's hard to. argue that that wasn't intentional. if it was it probably i want to. say it wasn't you're just yeah. you're inclined to but i if that is just if she's just spitting facts. right that's impossible to. believe there wasn't some kind of intentionality to. what he was if if exactly. what she is saying is true. which is obviously there's it's always somewhere. in the middle so we would like to. hear what the guy said but it's i doubt. your mission she doesn't sound still angry. about it though sorry. for my sense is she's telling the truth. or at least it's understandable. that that would be her version. of it does that make sense. yeah yeah i'd like to. know that like what she must have. brought it up right that's i mean. i want to. know imagine if you didn't bring it. up to him i want to. know what his reaction is like when you bring it. up and if you did bring it. up to him what was his. reaction like because that's um really weird. and i feel like yeah in did. they break the most generous. note because she said i had a boyfriend. and that's how she started it. i had this boyfriend at the end. she implied that their lease is coming up. she thought everything was good. but now she's not sure. that's the vibe i got okay. that's what i understood rather uh before. she totally finished my initial thought. was he probably is because i you know. i know people who have never experienced. a single moment of anxiety. and i mean that's a lot. of people yeah i know people yeah and they they cannot. they cannot not that they will not not. that they don't want to. not that they want to. disrespect it and poo poo on. it but they cannot understand. what it is yeah you cannot. explain it define it it's not. possible yeah it's not an experience. they can have so they need to. listen to you and sometimes. that just it's not that. they're trying to be rude. or dismissive or even not pay. attention to your needs they it. just for a lot of people it. can't register doesn't make sense. and it's not that they're not trying. it just like bounces right. off of them as for the social. thing being said yeah. it's still dick should at least. that should make him go. the other way yeah okay. like am i being like am i introducing enough people. like are you happy. everything okay you know the fact that he got everyone a shot. except you again it should be the opposite. you should come over i heard you do. you think can i help. you like i know you start. you ten shots and then filled you up wow and then and then put her to. sleep put her in a room. so you don't have to. do it her anxiety. wouldn't have been you know. yeah i just think you know. you are right to. be deeply perplexed i just think go. go into confronting him about it. which you have to. go into confronting him about it. not with anger but with like with that. yeah confusion yeah don't don't be as you are. and deserve to. be upset try to. show the side that is more just plainly. confused like i told you we talked about it. what happened like what happened. yeah you know definitely do that. and let him respond. and depending upon how he responds that's gonna. dictate how either angry. or you know understanding you are. moving forward why do you have a blue. chip's hat because i saw it. and liked it and i loved the movie. you know i think about this. movie all the time why because you have the hat. no because i remember distinctly. thinking i was so excited. to see it and i was begging dad. to take me and he took me on opening. night to see blue. chips starring nick nolte shaquille o'neal. and fernie hardaway it's christian. jt walsh uh no that guy. looks like christian laner but no he's just an actor he sucks. yeah he sucks what he sucks. at acting yeah yeah he's terrible. he was just like an actual basketball. player oh it's like an amateur somewhere yeah okay yeah uh there were three main basketball players. in the late nurse. a cool last name on later. yeah well he kind of cut me. off and okay you asked me. a question and then okay i was kind of answering. it and then you just slammed. me it was yesterday. yeah no blue chips is a great. movie i think about a lot. it's it's personally meaningful to. me because of the opening. day dad thing yeah it's like it's of a really strong. memory of the whole thing and when i saw the hat. i was like that's perfect. for me oh cool you know. what i'm saying yeah i wasn't like looking. for a blue chip son. you know right right i took it i took calvin. to uh see mario the other day. i didn't even know there's a new married. movie until you told me that. well you live under a rock. it made him nope it. made a billion dollars so i i know that. now okay because i did. my work after i learned. about it yeah and then i took him. today to get his haircut. and it was so cute. man and those two stories related. well my yeah my point. is those core memories those. memories oh oh yeah you never know. when they're gonna pop up. but i think as a dad. you want to. try to have as many. of them as you can man. it was so funny we're playing we were watching mario. and and he was like just watching it. and then an hour. and he says is it. over yet oh wow that is. funny dude and i was like no. do you want to. go home and he said yeah. let's go home can i bring my. sprite wow what happened nothing that. he's just three he's done. doesn't do movies well no he he i mean. it was like an hour. into it and he sat. through a whole movie before. in the theater yes but yeah but and then uh we we left. and i was like what'd you. think about that movie he said it. was good but it was a little bit scary. yeah yeah and then i said well who's your favorite. character he said bowser. and i said why is it. because he's scary. i said so you like bowser. and he was like yeah and i was like i don't understand. whoa you're so conflicted. already you know they're gonna be such a deep. adult you know i know she's like carl young. has a threeyearold i like it. but i like it for a bunch of different. reasons and not just because it makes me. feel good i like to. explore the shadow in the mario movie. yeah shadow of self yeah okay. so what he said after that. go ahead all right. next one my husband's a big. fan of the podcast so shout out. to him if we can love him. my name is tabby. i'm from iowa and our debate. lately has been homeschool versus public. school uh private school if you want to. throw that in there. too uh but we're leaning more towards homeschool or public. school just because we had our first kid. it's going to. be a little while um but she was due the same. day that chris became a double. dad so congrats oh cool um yeah what are your opinions homeschool versus public. school and um if you guys want. to ever come out to. iowa that would be pretty cool. uh have a good one. thanks i'll just teach i'll just teach your kid. um perfect for me i i think homeschool is i i know. times are changing i you know i think more people are doing. homeschool now but like i just feel like you get so much. with other kids you do. but i think if it's homeschool you got to. make sure there's tons of other planned. social activities whether that be you know. sports or yeah what are. the i mean i don't even know. boy scouts girl scouts yeah but things like that. where they are still thrust into. situations not by choice that. they have to. socialize and you know. work with compromise and all those things. learn those skills uh sharing all that stuff but i will say you said times. are different now i dude. i would be really really selective and careful. about the public school. i sent my kid to. because things are so crazy. right now uh and if if really if the public. school wasn't the real deal. wasn't good right. and that might in my bones. i knew that i would figure out. some way to homeschool what. about private school i mean if you can afford. it right yeah it's very expensive. but like who the hell can. afford price right. right well she did say throw that. in there i know but i assume yeah it's expensive. be a bank breaker even if you can't afford it you so you would you would do that. homeschooling i would 100 do that. but here's the thing i'm really smart. i could handle that you wouldn't. be able to. do that what meaning you could. either be the teacher no i could oversee. it i'm not the actual teacher. but i couldn't know i could teach it. i could teach science. i could teach social science. i could teach music. i continues i could teach dance. i could teach history i could teach world. history and american history okay i could teach english. literature russian literature and i could teach comparative. literature go ahead yeah between russian. and english literature um hey it's time. for music here we go. uhhuh not gonna sing that. you know first one lord. first exercise here we go well i mean it's not christian school. it's glory that's from glory. they're sitting around the campfire. the movie glory did you recently. watch glory nope i always remember because i know i was gonna use it. for a joke wow no. i do that i do like me. and blue chips but your version of it. i know who chips. yeah okay i got a bunch of jokes. about bluetooth i just chose. not to do them. okay well all right so let's see what's up. with the next one. this is it so sexy. yesterday i was um out. with some friends and after this bar. like we were just walking out and then we just bumped into. another person she was a woman and she started. talking to us and it was great. it was a background and then suddenly in this. group of five we there. was this uh someone fired ah really bad. like the smell was just [ __ ] terrible. okay it was it was awful. okay and seconds go by. and no one mentions it. uh just i'm just i think it's one. of those smells that need to. be mentioned yeah yeah yeah it's so strong. that how can you not how can you ignore. that yeah and i was just in this. turmoil in a turmoil well. conflict of should i say something. should i should i shed light. on it should i make a joke. about it because everyone's smelling it. everyone has to be so many years. right but no one's mentioning you so what would you do. in that situation is it. okay in that situation um no. is it okay to. mention uh that you smell. something afar or you know. a fart even like the sweat of [ __ ] in a house. okay you know to. mention it's obviously intruding i just get ones. like this what do you think what. do you mean ones like this. oh far you're the one. who let it through. the way he says fart. is just f a and then a bunch of h's. death so what you don't. get ones like this. what do you mean. you don't get ones like this. well i mean i want to. let them through because i want you guys to. understand eviscerate them really wow playing god. playing god so i mean i would just say here's the answer. yes it's okay is it. okay you know what i mean. you're basically asking expert. you're basically asking somebody is you're asking us. is it okay to. mention you smell something. the answer is resoundingly. astoundingly obvious answers yes the the most dick. game show host of all time. um i think that you uh first. of all let me just say. this yes it is is okay. a hundred percent and that's [ __ ] obvious. but how many times have you been like oh you smell. that and someone's like no. no all the time so i wouldn't assume everyone knows. it that's the first thing. i thought actually yeah okay. good so i think this guy. is really off on that. yeah he just thinks his nose. is like what what is he like two. years old he hasn't gotten through. like i know realization he might be something. from the other because that is how calvin does. videos it was so close. he zooms out as just like a baby's body. uh yeah dude that's that's the everything's all. right everything you might smell. even if it's a far dude. so insecure the guy. is it okay to. tell people i smell something. did it you know. yeah also you know what to. say whoever smells dealt it. i don't believe that but also dealt it. whoever smells like i get it. but what if everyone else in britain. or wherever he was is just like this. should we uh everyone everyone i don't know. should we should we say something. we don't say something. did you get other videos. of the same [ __ ] situation. from other guys do i say it. smell it doubt it because i know smile and i don't say something. i don't think it's me. i mean dude you know that's just absolutely. [ __ ] astounding that he sent that video in but it's okay you also pull it back just pull it pull it back pull the hand back it's gonna be okay why if we see your neck. it's okay yeah yeah if you see where your head. is on it's okay. yep you know don't run. or don't smash it in your face. all right do we have another. one all right all right quick one lightning round. hey dangly earring boy. hey chris qvc there's a guy. at my work that constantly sniffs his nose. every five seconds and i was thinking about maybe putting wet cement. up his nose okay let me. know what you think i should do i can't even i know. dude it drives me nuts. and and it's almost like a little while ago. the guy wouldn't stop sniffing dude. and i i was losing my mind. i was i was actually looking at him. like because i want him to. look at me yeah. i'm right and he never looked at me. but here's the thing if you're willing to. be that confrontational why are you not. willing to ask him. right it's the same thing. to me ask him. ask him because you know. why because this way. the looking thing is more. me and and i want him to. be like you know why. uh it's a trap i want. him to be like why. you being a dick. like why are you looking. at me like that and then i could be like oh well. it's an anomaly with how much you're sniffing. so you doing that is putting like the meat. out for the leopard to. snatch into there you. go trap it and kill. that's what i'm doing okay. so you're trapping leopards. it's also the sexiest way. to do it i constantly think about how to. be sexy yeah you actually. are uh so i think if you work with somebody. there's a way to. do it that you're not going. to be a you might be a little bit of a dick. no matter what i mean. wet cement you know but there's a way. to do it without being a tremendous dick. which is i've noted i've noticed you like or you're always like sniffing. is like they're like something. going on like yeah you're all right. not yeah not like it's something. wrong with you but like yeah. is he's a coke. yeah you just do that. no i mean it could be something. as simple as like i have a constant post. nasal drip yeah which was right. right you wouldn't be mad no. you wouldn't be mad anymore. no yeah there's a reason. they're okay yeah exactly which is why. you can ask because then they'll be willing. to tell you if there's no reason. yeah then you can just if he's just like no. i don't know what you're talking. about you could be like oh oh i hate. you yeah and that's it. what if he was like why do you keep sniffing. he says because somebody obviously fired and i don't know. if i should admit. it dude i think that um yeah it's maddening definitely bring it. up or you can. say hey man what's the deal. with uh where do you get it. and when he's like what she's like i'll never mind. and then later i'll be like where do you get it. he'll be like what the coke. man like you have a [ __ ] hard coke problem like what happened to. me what at the clipper. game the people that are within us every episode what the audience. um and i was at a clipper game. with dad clipper game with dad. going to the bathroom. some guy with like a nice leather. jacket kind of a mock turtleneck uh. beard but like trimmed super. manicured and like short hair. that's the same length. as his beard yeah i remember him. like it was yesterday. i see him making the line. toward me okay which is comment. of the sporting event you. think people may be walking toward you but they're not. this guy definitely was walking. towards you yeah so by the time. he got to. me i was like what kind of in my body. you know wow yeah and he and so i didn't say. that though and all he said was do you have any coke. come on and i swear. i i was like i was so shocked first of all. and so i just told him. the truth which was no. right and the this is the reason. why it's a story he looked at me. and actually actually said this. really like i just i am. coke guy what if you cut to. you you had just white powder all. over your face wait where were you. where how old were you. uh late teens maybe or yeah. what like 17 18 but probably yeah. not 20 dude i wasn't even 20. yeah you must have been like i mean. i just saw you i don't know. dude maybe i looked like his like i don't i have i don't even. have a guest dude. yeah yeah yeah maybe you look like somebody. yeah i don't even have a guess. that is pretty but he was stunned. that i didn't have any coke. uh wow i didn't have any coke. to sell him he was like shocked he's just like just so rude. to do that you know. what i mean like so rude. all you're doing is saying you look. like a guy who does coke. a piece of [ __ ] like you yeah right that's basically what it was unreal. okay well that's a funny story i don't remember that. i'm sure you told me. that though yeah no way. uh you haven't all right cool. well that's it well you know. you can sign up for a patreon. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. uh you need to. get christy uh chrisley tickets. that's me chrissy dot com. i'll be in nashville. i'll be in colorado i'll be in uh boise. boise i'm starting to. say boise boise is. right no it's boise. um pennsylvania montreal all sorts. of places in canada uh and if you have a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline which is. what we just did 2139738095. if you want if you want and you should want oneonone session. with me go to. imaginelea dot com we'll sort it. all out and uh also uh the lifeline. merch is at lifelinemerch dot com. uh we appreciate it how about you. leave a uh uh what do you call. it comment and uh make sure you're subscribed. that helps us out we appreciate you. guys thank you very. much hello please hello hello. 