 foreign [music] hello everyone and welcome. to a super good productions congratulations. congratulations [music] what up what up we painted you know what we painted the fingernails black. because we were in seattle. and portland and that's what we do. and we're on our grunge. tip dude runner grunge tip. sounds like an std but we are on our grunge. tip and uh we're keeping it real. you know what i mean. i got my water bottle and uh i'm drinking. arrowhead water everyone always makes fun. of me for drinking. our head water they say that. it's not good but i disagree. um cool god you know don't i don't have covet. you know i um well first of all let's actually. do this um we appreciate you. guys listening and actually let let's do this. we changed the name of the thing. because cult was for sure. shadow band let's subscribe make sure you're subscribed. to the channel on youtube. audio's going fine youtube let's make sure. you're adding to the uh you're you're adding. the algorithm drop down a comment subscribe. hit that bell notification. actually if you hit the bell. notification it would really help uh because that's what we want to. do here at congratulations. we need to build this. log cabin and we can't build this. log cabin if we're not building. the cult so we have to. just keep building honestly. it's all about building um and uh speaking. of building we are going. to be in lakeland. florida we are going to. be in daytona florida uh jacksonville. is pretty much i think that's sold. out san antonio sugarland texas new orleans. providence rhode island and new york. chicago kansas city springfield. missouri chris d'elia is coming with his don't push me tour. and that's mine i'm speaking. in uh third person like i'm ricky henderson. but i'm not i'm crystalia um and uh so go to. chrysalia dot com to. get those tickets uh we've been having a lot. of fun over here. on the on the friggin youtube. channel and also on the other youtube. channel the crystalia youtube channel. we got that one. sip coffee reviews we just dropped the san diego. one we got a uh a few fun ones. coming up a portland one. and a seattle one we're doing them. everywhere we go uh and we're having a good. time uh but you know uh it's been good. dude it's been good we have been traveling. i went with my family. i went with denny love. i went with lulu gonzalez my tour. manager my cameraman sam and uh we uh we went to. portland flew in a day. early and uh got that uh that that that that uh you know it's gray. in portland it's just always gray. in portland and it's always gray. in portland and it's always great. in seattle and that's how it's going. to be and i know that. they say it rains. a lot in seattle. but let me tell you something. actually it never it actually i don't know. it's like a hacky joke. and i talked about this on my instagram. story uh and just it it. actually it has rained every single time. i've ever been to. seattle and that's crazy. that there's a place. like that also it rains. all the time in vancouver. and i'm just like vancouver. is great seattle's kind of cool. too portland uh you know. it's got its stuff it's gotta get it's got to. work out some kinks apparently. it's a lot better now. downtown you know downtown um wasn't so good. back when they were doing the riots. and they were talking about how the riots. were actually just you know. one block and it was about for about a day. and a half even though. the media made it seem like it. was uh for about eight. weeks and it was the whole city. that was burning but um you know. the media is great so it's just the meat is. great and the media. doesn't lie so that's great. so um so yeah so that's what's up. um and it is gray. important and it is gray. in seattle so to. do that i match with the gloomy. atmosphere with my uh you. know because i get him where i fit in dude. i fit in dude. that's my thing as i fit in have a deep. me for acceptance so um yeah dude. super good uh uh the home. of lifeline the home of the congratulations. podcast here um portland was the number. one city where people yell. out of their car and go dude. chris leo life rips i couldn't believe. how many people were yelling. out of the car you could see it. on the uh tow report on. portland i told my sam to. keep the [ __ ] on guard because it seemed to. be like the place where people just yelled. out of their car at your boy. and what can i do. you know um but yeah man. um and uh it was great. the portland show was fantastic. the seattle show number one. was fantastic sold out the second one. was absolutely fantastic uh did not get to. sell on that second show. but it's all good because we still sold. over 4 000 tickets it was like 4. 200 tickets so whoopsie. daisy dude uh he keeps his seats. warm right but not for long. because they stand up. and clap so um yeah man. uh i love doing the road. i love having my family. with with me calvin and kristen i mean. she's out to here she's pregnant. as all get out and uh we're taking a whole family. dude um and calvin uh i had a little cough but he's all. good it was not covered. we tested them uh we give them. a written test and he passed and um but yeah he's at the point. where he just take takes. the one a little bit of snot. and then boom and then boom and then just wipes it. back so we got him. i got him a nice patagonia. [ __ ] because we were in you know what i mean portland. and that's where we go. that's where you guys so i need to. get a jacket where can i get the kids. jacket and we're gonna get me. a jacket some guy. goes um poor uh patagonia or rei. so i go to. patagonia because it was way. closer even though he said they were both. the same distance and rei was way. further but i said okay. we go to patagonia had. a little bit of a a jacket for him. a little one like a little jacket i was. like that's the one 3t. let's get it and then i was trying. jackets on and i couldn't fit in any of them. didn't know what was going. on then i realized 100. was in the absolute women's. section colors so what could i say dude. they got the pink they got the cool. turquoise and all that and i tried to. do it and i had to. put on the xxl and even still it. didn't fret then i went over to. the men's sector they got more. muted colors but i got a really nice tan one with it with a maroon pocket. and he fits if it's nice you know i get my chapstick in it. dude whenever i go somewhere. that's gloomy i gotta hit. the chapstick because you know. what i mean it. gets very very chapped. dude this podcast is the number one. podcast in the world it is the most popular. podcast in the world the numbers. lie and uh we love that you're listening. we need to keep doubling this. you need to. help out here and spread this. called you need to. help out and do the work man. we're basically mormon dude. you know we're basically mormon. and you just gotta spread. the world we gotta get these elders out. there we gotta be knocking on toward the door. have you heard door to. door have you heard the chrisley have you heard the congratulations podcast yeah no i haven't okay let me let me sit down and watch it on youtube. you know what i mean. um but yeah man um you know. we had a good time. on the road and uh let me. go to uh actually my uh my notes. dude portland is absolutely the whoa. it's it's woke okay no actually let me just even. get the people i saw in portland were like people. that were like um that would be like in one. scene or two scenes. of the teenage mutant ninja turtles. cartoon like humans like they wear like a bandana. that had like some indian. design on it or like somebody. with green hair and a nose ring. or like a woman with a mustache. like they they were like people that knew bebop and rocksteady that's what the people. in portland look like people. that like went to. went to high school. would be up in rocksteady when they were younger. that's what they look. like but all grown up now portland is uh you know a nice kind ofish city. i guess and i heard that. the the i went last time. i went with 2019. you know. we had a good time. i was in that square with the where all the homeless. people were hanging out and uh i was like oh apparently the homeless got even crazier. and i went and then i looked this. time barely saw any homeless people i saw a few homeless people. but i was actually surprised. there were more homeless people in seattle. because i heard from you. know buddies oh man. portland is actually you know that you don't. want to go there and i'm like i went there. and it's fine and i was there. we stayed at a cool. hotel called the sentinel and um yeah can you turn me. down a little bit um just a little bit. and uh i went there. and there were there the when i first got there. and i actually did this on um on stage. but there was a guy that was like hey when as soon as i got there. he said he i was walking. on the street and he said first of all the hotel. guy i said hey where's a good place. to eat and he's probably going. to want to. go to pearl square i was. like where's that i think that's what it's called. i was like where's that. and he was like three blocks down. that way you can't miss it. and i said all i got to. do is first of all when you ask for directions. out of a hotel it. is mindnumbing how they do because let me tell you because the the the people who check it the people who are the people who work at the hotel they got the desk there and the the door is always in front of them so you walk into. the door and you see the people. that are checking people in and you walk up. okay so that means that they're right. in front of the door. there's like a little bit of an area. where people congregate i guess. it would maybe be you know. the lobby sometimes will lobby. to the right. of the left but the the the the actual desk where the bell. [ __ ] people are you know what i'm talking about the people that live that work there they say they're there okay so they're always there so then i go up into. my room i come down i always say oh i i remember when i checked in. okay yeah you remember okay. remember with me oh you're a new. person i didn't see you yesterday. but hi i'm here i don't. know if they told you but i'm one. of the people that live here right. now for a few days i go. okay i always go down. and every time i say to. somebody that works at a hotel. what do you call. them the [ __ ] chicken nugget people. concierge concierge because i'm french. because we're all french you know. change it right. just have it clerk so i talked to. the clerk and i'm like hey every time every hotel i ever go to. hey where's like the coolest. kind of coffee shop. or the coolest lunch. place they start by saying all right. now you go out of the hotel. and you take a left. or you go out here. you take a left. that's what they say. they go out you take a left. go ahead take a right. sometimes the hotel is on a corner. or on a cornerish area. so you don't know what door. they're referring to. and they say take a right. take a left and you think wait do you mean. as soon as i step. out of the hotel. i take a right. or i start walking because you're already doing the hand. motion like this so that i'm walking that way. and then i take a right. from your hand motion that's always what happens. so i say and i slow. it down to. him i say excuse. me excuse me clerk so when i step out. of the hotel i'm outside of the hotel. turn right and that's the right. you're talking about that's what i do. it now am i annoying. yes is it okay yes why. because the customer is always right. i don't really believe in that. but in this case when i'm the customer yes so they say take a right. and then they say three blocks or four. they're always like you know. it's three four blocks and you get to. the square area and it's a this. time he was like dude. you'll know when you get to. the pearl center area because everything. changes that's what he said all. the shops and everything. it changes you'll feel it. he said walked one. block didn't change yet. walk two blocks didn't change. yet walked three blocks didn't change yet. walked four five six seven. i walked eight blocks. didn't change i walked nine blocks. i'm looking at my cameraman. sam who's also my friend i'm like yo. bro do you think that we went too far. because it didn't feel. like a chain remember how we said it. felt like it changed and he said yeah. i do remember that but this all looks the same. to me i said let's go. one more block dude. i win 11 blocks finally. we got the pro. street why did he say it. was three [music] dude. he said it and i'm and i don't understand. why people don't just say. the right you work there. dude i'm lost if you don't give me specific. instructions guess what i'm just kind of one. of these homeless people over. here in portland now i don't have a home. i don't know where i am. okay and i'm straggling right. about like six blocks the first. person i saw in portland had long green. hair and it was a dude. i don't know you know. i don't know i don't know and he looks at. me and says well you know he had a mustache. so i assumed it was. a dude but that's probably you know. remember in the 80s. if somebody had a mustache dude. straight up now i'll bet. so you have a full beard. and you know a large the hose. you know i don't want to. get demonetized but a large hose. and and just be like hey i'm a mom. you know and you're like okay. so you know that's and that's fine. with me i'll give it i don't care. so i i he says hey want to. fight for abortion rights. and i'm just like now i just got off of the plane. and i'm looking for a coffee. shop by the way now i can't even ask. you where pearl i was gonna ask. you where the pearl area. is pearl center but like i can't because like i don't want to. talk to you because now you're trying. to get me to. do duty and like someone now i have a duty. to do and i said you know. what i'm right there on your side. bud but like nah i can't do it i can't and i kept walking. he wanted me to. sign something you know. but it wasn't just that. right they say we just look we're trying. to get signatures but they're not just trying. to get signatures right. they're not clear and then we'll get your email. and then we'll send you and then if you can't and then i'm just you lied. right so we lied. okay i hope for the best. and you took advantage of that. and i by the way i still don't know. where pearl said the pearl pearl square is. that's what it was and so just you can't. i don't understand the signatures. thing by the way yeah. we have a petition. oh okay yeah yeah so we have a petition. and um uh we're getting a bunch of signatures. and then we're going to. give it to. somebody and then they're going to. maybe change what the [ __ ] going on and you're like oh okay so how many people get gotta sign it. well we're trying to get 10. 000 signatures oh wow. that's a lot of signatures. so does that mean that if you get 10. 000 signatures they'll reverse. it no well no but that's our goal. oh well why is it. your goal well because that's a lot. of signatures oh okay so according to. who us pretty much. the people signing everything oh so the people who are doing the signatures. think the 10 000 signatures. is enough signatures to. help change people who by the way. don't want to. sign it to. change their minds yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah oh well if you're deciding the number. why not make it 55. so we want. 10 000 signatures and then we think. that we'll probably be able. to push push these issues to. the people who absolutely don't. believe what we believe but we son. this is the most liberal way. to fight for something sign get more. we need more signatures we need to. fight with cigna in the meantime. conservatives are fighting with sis. with for things by actual fighting. by actual you know what i mean. with actual fighting right. so you do the math. how many signatures you. need you need you know. how many signatures you. need to change something in america. over two hundred thousand do you know. why that's the majority. of america and then we'll start talking okay. let's start talking after you have 210. 000 signatures okay you got 10. that's nothing dude you got five thousand. two that's nothing dude. you're like the people on twitter. they don't nobody gives a [ __ ] nobody reads this [ __ ] nobody cares there's 0.04 of the uh of the there's like what nine percent. people in america are on twitter. and 0.04 do the 90. of the tweets or some. [ __ ] oh he's got stats. dude frank's thomas's slugging. percentage in 1996 was over. 400. oh it's got that dude. he's got stabbed holy. [ __ ] he's got stats. turn me down a little bit still. about hot that's my own. fault i thought it was good. but a little bit yeah. a little bit there. we go he's got stats. dude twitter equals nothing. dude by the way oregon. is hilarious they put out. a [ __ ] article they were like protests are protesters are ready. for dalia dude they go. protesters are ready for delia. dude they wrote an article about it. so i'm like oh [ __ ] okay i guess i'm still relevant. if people are this mad hey i did the show. people showed up two two people showed up. hey media shoot dude the two people showed. up and they disguised their faces did. you do it oh i'm showing myself. on stage and so are 2800 delivers showing [ __ ] gangbusters dude. we love it dude. don't push me you're trying. to push dude you trying to. push so here we go two right. wings dude you got a [ __ ] fly it around. in a circle dude what am. i supposed to. do quit my job no dude. not if 2 800 people. are gonna show up so anyway. dude it's like between the abortion. right so by the way dude. i'm all for it. man do whatever you want. to do do i want to. you know what yeah yeah how about this. next guy who asked me. i will sign it. because i don't even here there. you go godspeed i hope you [ __ ] help. now even i hope there's so many abortions. just even i hope everyone's just nothing. inside and just i hope. people are so happy with just you know. what get rid of comp. here i want no condoms sign. can we get signatures for. no condoms all the dudes. yeah oh yeah no dude. i'm into it spreading gonzo that's what. we're doing we're spreading gonzo what's gonzo gonorrhea. spread it you want to. spread it yeah we go. raw that's what we do. we nut up in all. right cool but apollo parliament i. got actually i got 210. 000 signatures it took me four. days it was very quick you got to. be honest uh it was all the men that. signed it and then also some [ __ ] so anyway parliament. thank you very much you guys. don't wear those wigs. anymore huh. i'll talk to you uh so let me know. when the thing happens so that's what's up. dude so portland and when they're just like you know. what i mean stay weird. or whatever they do in all those [ __ ] keep it real i went to. this [ __ ] powell bookstore the biggest bookstore of all time couldn't even believe it. they had levels dude. there were levels to. this [ __ ] like it was a [ __ ] meek mill song is that him. no clue but dude. they had so many levels. and then they had so many books. and then they had a children's section which i went. to with calvin because he loves books. and guess what we went to. go do we looked at all. the books we read some books. i got him a dino uh robot. and then there was a book. called good night racism. for kids dude and i what there. you go dude and guess what i did. i bought it for him. because i don't want my son. to believe in racism. i want him to. know what's out there but i want him. to try and he needs. a lot of signatures he. wanted them to i want him. to grow up to. get so many signatures against. race hey we're stopping racism. do you mind signing this. that's what i want my son. to be doing you know. in a in a in a woke area. with a different color. hair you know what i mean. and a premature must whatever. it is and then it and then so i read i bought him. good night racism. read it read it. to him the message. is good it was kind of like one. of those books that was getting a you. know it was like this. won a prize and was like all. right but it's a really or is. it just kind of what it's yeah. we know what's going on here. right okay by the way no children's book. should win prizes you know what i'm talking. about i'm just saying yeah. i get good children's books. are great and they shape the culture. but also though dude. is it really i mean. is it like you know. what i mean i could write [ __ ] 300 000. children's books before i could write. the client and that that that's not even. a like a a well you know it's not even a well. i mean it's good. john grisham yeah he's good i'm still too loud. in the headphones i don't know. what's going on here. i'm sorry is it just something. that's going on with my computer. okay it's that one so you're doing. the wrong one so there. we go now we got it. um he was doing the wrong. one so it's all good. he said he wasn't but he was because when he changed it. and i saw his hand to. the other one then that was when the volume. finally went down oh well you're saying that. that's okay so the master went down. and it's okay right. because it doesn't mean. now the whole volume is. going to be lower on the youtubes. subscribe to it. so yeah i got him. a book called good night. racism and then i got him. the foot book which talks about. feet kind of actually kinky now. that it's not someone i think about it. um and then went to. uh seattle was just awesome. and awesome and gangbusters dude. we had such a good time. dude i love i love people who come to. my show dude i am i've fallen in love. with stand up all of i've fallen. in love with stand up. all over again when i came back it. was a struggle had. to go on stage. because i couldn't [ __ ] out had to. show calvin what you were supposed. to do in life. when you get knocked down. did it was a struggle. for months now i love it. again dude i love stand. up again okay i love it. and i love you for coming. to the show and i love you. when we do meet and greets. and to be honest. i used to. hate doing meet and greets. and i don't hate it. anymore people are [ __ ] nice usually one i do like a hundred meet and greets. each show i sell a different. ticket for the meet and greet. a one or two of the people. out of the hundred people smell. very bad and that means 98 of you smell. good and that's great and some people are too. loud and some people are laughing. in my face about things that aren't really. that funny but they're just geeked. out because they're meeting me. and whatever and i'm grateful. for it you know i realized the longer. i talk about this the the the the more. not grateful i sound but i'm very grateful. for it it's very beautiful. i i like meeting everybody. man like you guys make me. emotional man you really do you make me emotional um so seattle. we did the shows two shows. denny and lulu killen brought them. along fortunate to. have them to open. for me and uh you know. check out those tour. reports on the crystalia. official channel um i don't know what to. uh i don't know what to. i don't know what to. tell you you know we went to. [ __ ] walked around in seattle. in seattle i took my son. kristen was too pregnant. so she stayed in the hotel. and we went i took my son. to the pike's pier or whatever. the heck it's called in seattle. and uh just people were the guys. behind the fish. market like yo chris come here i'm like oh what's up dude. i love when dudes with rubber aprons. know who i am you. know just makes me feel extra. good i'd rather people with rubber aprons. know who i am then you. know what i mean uh benedict cumber bun. and um and so he's so they're like come here. chris i'm like what's up. and he was like what's up. little man to. calvin i said what's up. dude and then he starts. moving the fish they got that. that thing that pokes out. they it's a trick they have. a guy behind the thing and they poke this. like stingray that comes popping. out and calvin got a little bit scared. and i was like look at that. fish what is he crazy. and he was like yes and then they were like what's up. little man and then we saw [ __ ] crabs. dude my son la my son loves crabs. okay he loves the crab. raves on youtubes and [ __ ] where it goes and then they have like all different versions of it they have like like paw patrols faces on crabs. and it's just like and my nanny. will just play it four. hours for calvin and i'm upstairs. trying to take a [ __ ] nap and it's just the cat meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow me oh it's a cow one oh it's the fighter jet. one there's like you name it dude. by the way the kids videos. that they have they have so many different. versions it's like if you can think of it. it exists um they said about porn. but it's actually true. about these [ __ ] crab rate videos if you can think it exists. but um so he saw crabs. and we it was it. was like eye level with him because they were in the ice you know all dead. and i don't know if he knows what. they were you know all dead. and my son said is that crabs. and i said yeah and he said did i have pinchos. and i said yep and he says did i come out. and i said we can't. take them out because they're there. so people could buy them. and then eat them. and he goes oh and he just stood there. and stared at the crabs dude. and it was so cute. and before i knew it. they started hawking the fishes. they started throwing the fishes. dude you know how they do it. you've seen them do that. where the where they do. they throw the fish. and they catch it and they go hey oh hey like the most idiotic. tradition like don't do don't throw food. and also on top of that. don't throw smelly food. and also on top of that. don't don't throw smelling dead. smelly dead food [ __ ] it up. but you know what i'm talking. about right probably gotta laugh. if i didn't [ __ ] it up but it's all good we're just in our cars. we're chill we're having a good. time you're in your cubicle listening. to me you're at home. doing some cleaning chores work. or whatever this is not. like it's on stage when you go on stage. and you see me. on stage you get an act that. is absolutely ripworn and thought about. but when you're doing this. putt a lot of people say. oh i like his pockets. i don't like to. stand up oh i like to. stand up i like his podcast. it's different dude you got to. know the media you're doing okay. so anyway dude um so yeah we went to. the pike's place then we went to. the gum wall which there's a gum. wall you know i don't like you know what i don't like any kind of wall. that's not just a wall. and then that's it you know. like you go to. places and it's like oh well the lovers. here put the locks on. the chain link fence and now and you're like oh so you do it. with your lover yeah it symbolizes dude. i don't want my walls symbolizing. nothing dude i want my walls to. be walls channel infects to. be chilling spanx if i love someone. that shit's for me. dude but people are like oh yeah the gum. was like some [ __ ] put who's who's the biggest [ __ ] out of the thing there's a whole. gum wall under the pike's place. thing and they're just i mean. the amount of gum that's on. there it's just like hundreds of thousands. of pieces of gum. and it's disgusting. right you're googling it. look at it it's disgusting. right it's so gross. right some of them. are hanging down like it's been chewed it's just disgusting. it's the kind of thing that if you even get like this. far away from you're like i gotta take a shower. you know and so it's a gum. wall and like i'm trying to. think of like because there's like the the the [ __ ] let's you know cuda with the cuda. effect right like the first guy. puts his gum on the wall. that guy's just kind of a nare. to well right he's a guy. that doesn't want to. wait to find a trash. can maybe he's got the world. on his shoulders and he's got a chip right. because he's like you know. what the world never treated me. well why the [ __ ] should i throw this gum away. [ __ ] it boom he doesn't think of it consciously. but he thinks of it. subconsciously right he's got the piece of gum and he's like [ __ ] it there it goes on the wall i don't care about that wall like i don't care about anyone. who's gonna look at it. right i'm just mr. uncaring and then there's the guy that's worse. than that guy that's like you know. what i'm gonna put this on the wall. cause [ __ ] the world right. the first guy is like i don't really care. i don't think about it. consciously i'm in my subconscious. [ __ ] but the worst guy is like hey this gum goes. on the wall like he laughs. like that right [ __ ] this man i like that it looks bad. okay so i don't know who the first guy. was to put the gum. on the wall it was either. that guy or that guy. but after that the second guy. is just kind of a follower. so you got the first piece. of gum there then you got the second gum. and the the second guy that comes. up and he's like oh that. guy did a [ __ ] it i'll just do it like you're the guy who wouldn't actually stab someone in the neck. but you would push a button to. where a light would light up. next to a guy with a knife. and then that was the thing. that would make him be like okay. cool they told me. when it lights up. i stabbed the guy. in the neck so bam. and you knew full. well that pressing the button was gonna make the guy. do it you understand. so that's the second guy. who puts the [ __ ] gum on. the wall and then the third. guy he's more of a follower. too because now it's not even. unique to one person that's unique. to two people which makes it the same. so the third guy's like dude. i'm not even just following one. guy i'm following two but then it becomes a thing. where it's like oh [ __ ] there's the guy that realizes hold on. you know what this could be a gum. wall that guy's the worst guy. that guy's the worst guy. because now he knows that he's mobilizing. the wall into an eyesore and tricking. [ __ ] like families walk. down there oh wow. look and i gotta go. show calvin look this is. gross but isn't it funny. and i don't even think it's funny. all right a lot of problems. in this world dude. and that's one of them. and then i went to. that place ghost coffee. ghost ghost ghost alley coffee. or something is very good actually. it's very very good i did. on the one sip. um so yeah seattle was banging. seattle was you know i thought the second show. wasn't going to. be because it wasn't going. to be enough people there. but holy [ __ ] it was 1600. people so okay so check that. extra paper scoop that up. right um and calvin came to. the show and it was awesome. with my wife and it was [ __ ] great. [ __ ] great right um where'd you put this thing by the way one other thing in bolt wow on the on the on the topics google. sheet got it temp no. dude it's 15 off i asked him. to get it get it. i asked him to. get it more uh pure spectrum. cbd uh i use it. every day it keeps me. calm dude if you're a cbd user. great if you're not a cbd user. and you have anxiety. and you have some sort of thing. that like i i also you know. what i've been noticing that i i don't know. if this is a health thing. or what but my heart. starts beating faster sometimes. it could just be an anxiety. thing cbd nips that in the bud. dude and my favorite one. is pure uh pure spectrum. i love it and uh i got them. to give you guys 15. off so you can go to. the pure spectrum cbd uh. uh website which is uh check out. you check out a purespectrumcbd dot com. type in the code. congrats and you will get 15. off of all your cbd needs. it's great dude um i really love. it i get i have the gummies. and i also have the dropper. that i use every day. i'll put a drop behind my tongue. and i just let it kind of chill. for a little bit for about 30. seconds i just let it have a good. you know what i'd let it do. i let it just like kind of journey. around the bottom of my tongue go. to the back of my cheek. and just roll back it's like it's window. shopping right and then all of a sudden i just i either. let it dissipate or i take a huge swallow. and then oh what do you know. after doing it for about a week. your boy feels a. little bit more calm and receptive. so that's fine i have a better. mood all year round because of this. cbd stuff so go. check it out 15. off the congratulations podcast. listeners get it that's pure spectrumcbd. dot com uh code. congrats it's a wild world. that we live in huh. i'll tell you it's a wild. world that we live in when i heard that alec. baldwin is going to. be charged with manslaughter dude dude some d.a wants blood or what some d.a does not like the walkers here's the thing. to it if you are a liberal. i don't know if alec baldwin. is a liberal or not. i have no [ __ ] idea to. it i don't know as a matter. of fact if i started to. know i would turn around. and not pay attention now. i like alec baldwin and i'm talking about i like him. as a person i've met. him a few times i've done. his show a few times he's always been cool. to me i like alec. baldwin i'll go one. further i like hilaria baldwin. partly because her name is almost the word. hilarious and that's in my line. of profession but i like both. of them dude i like how her name is almost hilarious. and his name is almost alex all right. they're both not names. but i like them and i like that. feeling i like he's got 40. kids that's great dude. he's about to. pop out some more here's the deal. man if you're a liberal. i think it's a little bit weird. i don't think it's awful. i think it's a little bit weird. if you're a liberal and you tote no. guns and then you do. movies where everybody's shooting everybody. up right you don't know. if i'm a republican you don't. know if i'm a liberty you think look i'm a centrist. you see me popping guns. in a movie go like this. okay i guess it makes sense. you know he gets black lives matter. yes but also we get to. some business a little bit. the lady has a six million dollar. house why do you need that why shouldn't that so it's like all right. oh dude there's still [ __ ] peanut butter. on my shirt i thought i washed. it gross i'm a dad. so um so he gets so he so he you know if you look if you live under a rock. if you don't know what the hell happened. alec baldwin had a prop. gum where he had to. shoot it in front of the into. the camera pop the camera. boom there was a bullet. in it and then killed the camera. lady uh horrible sad terrible just so bad uh all around you're supposed. to have somebody check this hand. the gun to the actor the actor is. supposed to be like. great i trust you with this. these are blanks. boom and that's supposed to. be you know all's well. that ends well but no all's well. that didn't end as well. there was a bullet in there. i guess the [ __ ] person got the job that was the a.d because the nepotism or whatever it is but everyone gets jobs because in nepotism anyway you know and because it's all who you know right especially in hollywood but so now he's getting charged with it well it's like a year later right with because he killed this uh woman and if i were him holy [ __ ] man i guess negligence manslaughter like he's gonna be in the same category as somebody who drove drunk and ran somebody over that's not fair though to. me because um hello. he didn't do that he trusted someone. is the other person gonna get [ __ ] i don't know i mean they're definitely out. of a job but it's like it's just horrible. and it also makes it worse. for the family involved i feel. like i mean i'm not involved. but i i don't know man. it's all sad i just couldn't. believe it he's never gonna go. to jail obviously he's got a lot. of um what's that. game show he does what is it match. game he's got a lot of match. games to shoot i did. it twice i did match. game maybe three two or three or four. times i can't remember but i remember when i was a match. game i showed up and they were like hey just so you know they had already shot an episode. and they're like just so you know. the crowd is really bad. i was like what do. you mean and they're like they're like not laughing. they don't really feel it. you know they had all these guest. guests on there they're like you know seven actors and actresses and i was like oh that's a bummer. okay well whatever let's go. out there and try our best i went out. there and lit. that [ __ ] on fire. dude i mean i was doing straight. up stand up and i just start. oh [ __ ] i mean i started just king king king yucks dude. i just was absolutely like. people thought they weren't going. to be laughing and there. i was in the shadows. just with the i mean and i go and halfway. through i'm like they said this. was a bad i was like that's the same. crowd they said it's the same. crowd but we don't know. what happened oh i know. what happened person. who guest starred on alan. mcbeal five times you got a comedian. to come do cleanup. prepare the yucks i mean i was like bad. crowd dude are you kidding. me and i just start people just eyes. bleeding just just [ __ ] themselves in laughter. oh [ __ ] dude yo looking back. at the guest stars looking. back at [ __ ] makai pfeiffer and hey you guys thought this crowd sucked huh. well it looks like they got another thing. coming impression or whatever i did. you know what i mean. and just dude are they sitting higher. right now can you i can't. look at them dude. because there's smoke. coming from the [ __ ] flames. at how hard i'm shredding. and i just want to. know if they're sitting higher because they're standing up. laughing or if they're sitting higher. because they're on mounds of their. own [ __ ] from laughing too hard. you know what i'm talking. about dude hey makai hey makai and the guy. who used to be. in the seven up. commercials you needed a comic dude. so anyway they go they saw what i was doing. and they go there. the producer comes over. and he was like hey man. keep going basically looked at me. and said double it. basically looked at me. and go like this hey we see what you're doing. put on a jet pack. try and actually kill these [ __ ] and i go say no more come back. from a commercial break i said i can get i can get i can make them. dizzy do it he goes. make them make them dizzy. dalia i go all right. dude you write down. the things on the card. bro i was writing down. things on the card i remember one. dude i wrote down a joke. and i was like in my head. i was like this isn't even a joke. i would do they said push it so here. we go i wrote it. down i don't remember even. what the thing was it. was something like grandma's come like something just not funny. right but i was already killing. so i was gonna kill no matter. what dude when i showed the thing. they go oh the crowd. loses their mind cut the producer comes out. he goes hey hey hey what was that. and i was like what and he was like well we can't use that. and i said oh i thought you're just gonna bleep. it out man you said go. for it and he was like yeah. well we can and i go. well you can't tell do you know. what i mean somebody who came up. in the trenches of the comedy. store at 1am in. 2011 to go for it. even further than i already had. the crowd dude i was helping people. out like neil degrasse tyson. he was getting laughed by. proxy i'm up there doing billions and billions. of billions and billions and they're laughing. and then he's saying billions and then they laugh. right you're getting laughed by. proxy so you want me. to push it and i'm already. in the pocket dude. here we go with grandma's come. and then we gotta cut it. out and it's okay right. so we have to. redo it but you know it's fine. it's just got real pro. i got real problems i guess. files done um yeah so oh kylie. jenner named her. kid airy airy ire which means [ __ ] in arabic you know check hey you're pregnant for nine months check you know hey hey kylie you're pregnant for almost 10. months that's the dirty little secret is. that pregnancy is actually almost 10 months. check dude hey you named. your child [ __ ] hey real quick take an afternoon to. check dude i mean the kid's. name's [ __ ] remember when [ __ ] the idiot amy. schumer made the [ __ ] her kid's name was like you know. barbells to the face. or whatever the [ __ ] it was what was it what was her kid. she had to. change his name it was like ropey jizz. to the jaw or whatever. the [ __ ] kid's name was it was like i freaking forget what. it is she changed it. it was supposed to. be something that was like it. was like hey didn't you check does. it say all right. but if you said it a certain way. how do you spell it. schumer who cares. she's the worst um child's name change here. we go it was jean. attel fisher it was genital hey say it a few times genital dude. her [ __ ] this idiot named her kid. genital ropages to the jaw you know wow barbells to. the face man i mean. so like of course dude. they ultimately changed gene's middle. name to david after look. just totally and then she was going. to give it to. gene atel because. it's david david tells her favorite comic and friend or whatever. and that's the the then she got accused of ripping off all. his [ __ ] jokes or whatever well everyone's a lunatic. anyway dude i'm heated today but it's all good. i flew in and i'm all. sweaty and i got peanut. butter on my shirt i'm full dad. mode and i love you all by the way i love you all even her i pray for my enemies. you heard me i do i sit and i pray. i want the best for everyone i talk. a lot of [ __ ] and you know people who have like you know been shitty to. me i still talk [ __ ] but i don't you know i'll have a meal with you man not that you want it but i get it everyone always thinks that they're doing right even even honestly hitler. was like well i'm doing the right. thing even though what he did. was awful he still thought what he was doing was right. and we have to. understand that because there are no. evil people in the world there are just people that are misguided and wrong. nobody is out there trying. to do harm. i really fully believe that. unless it's a heat of the moment. thing then of course it's a different. story right you said what i'm sorry. you said what i'm gonna. hurt you that's what that's what they do. but um yeah this this was a this. was a joke that. they wrote in the chat. in the chat no do you know. gpt no what's that ai oh my god. so chat gpt the ai. that's ai you asked them. to write a joke. in the style of crystallia. about mortgages and this. was what they wrote holy. [ __ ] one fire came through this is what the ai joke. machine the chat gpt this is the joke. that they did about mortgages. in a crystallized style you. know what's even worse. than a mortgage a mortgage. um you know what's even. worse than a mortgage. a mortgage on a haunted. house because you know they're not just gonna take your money. they're gonna take your soul too oh yeah. they're gonna take that soul and they're going to. use it to. pay for their own. mortgage in their own haunted. house it's never a recycle of spooky. pain hahaha how did. they even honestly get it. that good i mean it's a horrible. joke but for a robot that's [ __ ] amazing that's like did you see the south park. where it was uh uh funnybot or whatever. i am funny bot. what was that was that what oh dude. so funny awkward and it just kills. everyone awkward you know what's even. worse than a mortgage. a mortgage on a haunted. house because you know they're not just going. to take your money. they are going to. take your soul too oh yeah they are going. to take that sold that's my favorite. part they're gonna take that. soul like it's an elvis and they're going to. use it to. uh pay for their own. mortgage on their haunted. house it's an everending cycle of spooky. payments spooking spooky payments all right you just did a joke. about pelicans in the style of crystallia. all right what's that incoming he did. a joke he put in the chat. gpt write a joke about pelicans in the style of crystallia here's the joke. you know what's the weirdest thing. about pelicans they can hold more. in your beak than in their belly. i mean they look. like they're carrying a whole damn. fish market in there it's like dude. where you even stall that. fish do you have a secret compartment. or something are you a pelicated a damn. clown car wow dude this. makes me hate me i would say. that one that one dude. it gets infinitely better. the more you ask do. another one wow that's unbelievable. i would say that this. i'm holy [ __ ] [ __ ] am i not that good do another one wow that is unbelievable how i did it also how good of an actor am i to. actually do my flavor on it. even though i didn't write it. right one more um okay yeah so stand. by here i mean this is unreal. that's unreal the way okay. this one i'm gonna really do a joke. about cookies in the style. of chrisley all right here we go. i kind of agree with that. that one of the republicans. was a good point. oh god here we go. hey you know what's funny. about cookies i like how my jokes. start like this you know. what's funny about cookies. they're like hey have a bite in me. i'm delicious but then you eat. the whole damn bag and you're like oh god. i made a huge mistake. it's like cookies are the gateway. drug to eating the whole damn. pantry next thing you know you're eating butter. straight out of the tub. calling it a day but you know. what i don't regret it. not one bit ah that. didn't do that part but that. last part i don't regret. it one bit wow that's the worst. joke i've ever heard in my life. that last one was the worst. joke i've ever in my life. the second one bang though. i might use it. to my set dude i'm gonna do it. and i'm gonna see if people know thanks shout out to. chat chat it says special my next. special be special written by crystalia and chat. gpt that's hilarious that pelican one. is awesome um all right. well look man uh i appreciate you. guys uh kylie jenner. named her son [ __ ] and i appreciate. you guys look like and subscribe. dude hit that algorithm. we gotta double it dude. we gotta doublet we got to. keep doubling it man. and you know this cult. needs to be growing. if you're not growing you're dying i've always said. that dude we are super good. so uh make sure you're subscribed. actually because a lot of the people. dude my friends been hitting me up. they're like dude i was subscribed. and now i'm not subscribed. anymore so you know what i mean. uh we appreciate you guys. and thanks for listening this. podcast is uh really fun and it's the best. podcast in the world it's the top. podcast in the world we have time. to talk about the hardest. thing issues go to. see chrisley dot com. uh to get the uh different. dates i'm gonna be in chicago. illinois kansas city chicago illinois. kansas city springfield missouri tulsa. utah daytona hmm uh i'm in jacksonville. this weekend i think that's sold out. san antonio sugarland texas new orleans. los angeles providence rhode island new york. new york and a bunch of different. spots boise idaho cincinnati. ohio columbus ohio minneapolis uh. yeah come see the act we love you. guys hey guys that's it. for youtube if you want to. catch the full episode the uncut episode the unedited episode. the uh raw episode of congratulations. going over to patreon dot com. crystalia and for six bucks. not only will you get the full. complete episodes of congratulations but you will also get an extra episode. a month there's like 21. of them there now you get the backlog. of all of them just for six. bucks and uh you get extra content. and uh and that's that dude. so going over to. patreon dot com crystallia. thanks [music] thank you. [music] 