 [music] runk peterboro ontario. crystal dot com we got tickets. coming up here duth minnesota. thunderbay ontario lexington kentucky birmingham alabama. all uh coming up here really. soon get your tickets other alabama. dates too um and oh wait. i'm going to actually be in london. ontario on f i skipped that. one on uh friday saturday yeah. chris dot com go get tickets. and now here we go. we're in the 400s this. is the 41st episode of [music]. congratulations you ever get that stuff. stuck in your head where it's just like. for no reason pow pow. power wheels pow pow power wheels power wheels my. uh actually that's not for no. reason because um somebody was talking to. me about it earlier. and saying that they got it. for their daughter and um i i you know. the mind is a funny thing. because i immediately remembered that. jingle and i haven't thought about that jingle in hm. 30 years pow pow. power wheels power wheels um cincy. how i did it. and but it's a good uh it's a good. song they they make good jingles you know. they make good jingles out. there this h what is this i i wait hold on. you know what before i even. start let me get my magic. mine going no besides that. though what is this pure super. water you know some nerve. right super water some nerve. to just call it super. water super do make you gay. that that that's a gay. word super that's if you use the word super you mostly uh go out. to dinner with men if you're a man. uh but whatever uh do g. guys date i they should just you know. they probably got to. cut the the they cut they they probably cut to. the chase real quick. but uh you know unless you're a hopeless. romantic uh and uh look it's all. good uh i had a uh a fine. week a good week i was in mallen. texas and also bowmont texas um we got on the plane. denny denny and i and um i can't remember how it came. up but we got on the plane. and he was ahead of me. and he said i'm he said to. the stewardess he said i'm sorry. i don't know why cuz she said. why uh what do why. are you sorry and then i said he farted. and and that's a great joke. that you can just do okay. if some somebody says they're sorry. and then another person says what for you. just chime in with he farted. or they farted or she farted. right uh and that's just a hilarious. thing you can do and i was being hilarious. and uh i did that and the best. part was she didn't even. know that i knew him. right so there's this guy walking. on a plane and he says i'm sorry. and then she and then she says sorry. for what and then i said oh he he just farted. hilariousness ensues okay then the the stewardess says oh my gosh no oh gosh. you don't you don't want to. drop a bomb in here. and she she just except she cut herself. off because hey ma'am. you're on a plane and you work. on a plane you're not just some you. know yuck yuck sitting there you. work on a plane that. word should be void from your. vocabulary period right. you work on planes. so she says oh wow. yeah boy did he just drop. a bomb oh sorry. i can't say i shouldn't say. that and hilariousness ensued. even more and that's and that's great. dude that's not even necessarily fart. humor it's just all around. good good silly. banta sick in um. but anyway what's super water premium. hydro look at these words on this. premium hydrogen infused water elevate functional fuel. pure super water this is all on this. and then i go and then i go to. the nutrition facts down the gamut. 000000000000 nothing's in it. no matter how many words you. put out hey nothing's in it. dude premium hydr [laughter]. premium hydrogen infused water elevate functional fuel. pure super water dude. just z0000 z0000 lying it said supercharge. your life lying chill. me i'm more fun that way lies. drink me quick to. activate hero mode lies drink one to. three cans daily for super stat. lot dude what are we kids. you know you know what i'm going. to drink this and i'll let you know. how i feel i [ __ ] myself um no but uh speaking. of which my uh my whole family. was sick we all got sick. just one at a time. it wasn't like the whole family. went down i don't know what's worse. the whole family going down immediately. to where you're just chilling. and nobody can do anything and you're like whose job. is it to. go get me turkey or is it. or is it man. it was her then me then calvin and then billy but billy didn't even really get it. cuz he's an infant. but he did kind of get it. a little bit but not really there. were just like so many underwears. around our floor just with like i picked up one. today i don't even know. how long it was there. for just with a [ __ ] staining in it i'm like all right. oh i just picked it up. walked it all the way. over to the laundry room. as i'm walking it i look. at it my hands just oh just holding [ __ ] like it's car keys. um so anyway a lot. of poop and fart humor. let's veer away from that i don't mean. to let's get it. to something nicer right. took my car out for the first. time at night new car. right and um it's green. it's oh it's a color of duck. [ __ ] whoops and um i didn't mean for it to. be the [ __ ] color of us. of the stem of broccoli. okay i didn't mean for that. right not the top part. okay the bottom part whoops. didn't mean all right. okay yeah okay it's a color. of money all right okay. fine yeah oh what are you. going to do but it's stops people. right they go what color. is that anyway i went to. in and out in and out how annoying. is that that jingle is not good. i mean i i don't know innout is so good. but in and out in and out that's what a hamburgers. killed it dude all about dude. i think honestly in andout commercials. are terrible yeah we got a we got a guy. locked in there he's per. he's pered in there he's he's in there. the p's in there and he's holding someone. hostage oh what do we do oh get in and out hey we have in and out what hey i'm coming out. in and out in and out that's what it. would be like um so i got the uh i took the oh got a text. he popular folks oh is that you just send me. that yeah okay let's play. it let's play it cuz it it. is kind of good though. if you think about it right. if you think about it okay great my you. know what when you when you do. a when you go to. uh your uh your texts on the um computer and they don't catch up. hey dude do it quicker. i'll just play on my phone. it goes like this oh there's two different ones. [music] out out that's what [music]. i oh yo it's so weird. that people go in the studio. and rock this [ __ ] you know like not even the guys with guitars. or the singers like there's other guys. there too like guys who do the bass. and stuff some guy. just oh can we go again. like that here what's this. one here this dude. and out i mean just had it. on deck for no. reason you know uh just sent it. to me immediately talking about innout just had the innout audio. on it already super cool. just super cool to. do that um but yeah uh i was at innout went in there. i love being a comedian. and let me tell you why. one of the reasons that this is one. of the many reasons uh when people say as an okay so also i've acted in stuff. too before right. but like thank god i'm not. an actor cuz here's what happens. if you're an i figured this. is a life hack i. figured out way. too late where people say. dude where do i know you from i used. to be like oh maybe you seen. me in something i don't know and like but what can you name. stuff and you're get in this. thing where you're you. either name something that you've been in you either. don't you either don't respond. and you say like oh i've been a lot. of things you you guess and then you're sitting there. while they're thinking which is awkward. or you say oh it's from this. and they go no i didn't see that. and then you look like a piece of [ __ ] because you're like oh okay it's not that um okay well yeah i guess lot of people didn't see that but so i now i just say because i haven't acted in stuff. in a long time. so now i just say oh dude. you probably see me on. tik tok or instagram i'm a comedian. yeah dude it's a life hack. if you're famous it's a like life. hack okay just say you. could do that also if you're an actor you can. just take that actors are so corny. huh god actors are corny god actors are corny like what did. the [ __ ] guy say uh glen powell uh i got it i got it i got it i got it i got it he goes yeah. you go here we go here. we go glen powell said this. when they show up and pay their $15 for a ticket. they'll at least be able to. say i know that this dude. is going to try. to deliver quality he's going. to summon every bit. of himself to. try and deliver quality a butcher um dude. i wonder think a delivering quality. i think of i think of meat. so summon every part of myself. you know like you satan. like he's baba hey are you baba. duuk dude oh dude hold on. on what's the character. hold on let me. summon every part of myself. hold on hold on. who is it b. elub let me let me summon every. part of myself guys can you get some candles and line. them up in a circle please. thank you and uh let me sit inside. can you do a one of those pentagrams thanks. okay here we go. uh and we're about to. shoot okay hold on one. second light these up. here we go okay. let's go dude and he's just acting in a romantic. [laughter] comedy um uh so yeah so i was at in and out. and uh for uh forgive me. i was at and um i get there. and pe somebody says oh where you from. i say tik tock. i threw that thing out there. and i'm like hell yeah. dude got out with it. freak yeah dude um life hack and then uh um and then uh he goes uh and and then i leave and some like she's probably like 20. walks up to me from one. of the outside tables in and out. uh and she says uh excuse me and i go. here we go again. sweetheart it's probably from tik tok. right and she i'm a comedian. i don't know if you and she just hits. me with this now the she says excuse me and i say yes and she says would you mind. if i prayed for you. and i'm just like i'm sorry. and she says would you mind. if i pray for you and i was like sure. you know what i mean. like what do you say. to that even if you're i mean. i'm not really religious. no uh no ma'am no also i want to. see what it's all. about right what you gonna do. what you gonna do i'm all four. standing there watching someone. do something do you know. what i'm saying like it's so awkward. but not really if i just think about how it's not awkward. and i go we're all in a world. where that you know. there's a whole galaxy out. there and there's another galaxy. out there it's so big we don't even matter anything and she's just sitting there and um so she starts. praying for me. you know hi uh hello. father uh uh we just wanted to. i just want to. pray for this man. i know he's a voice. for for people and people know who he is and this. and i'm just i'm just like whoa. man and she did it. i said thank you very. much like and i mean it. you know it very sweet. of her right like i don't know if it's real. or not but she she thinks. it is so thank you for doing. that and um but she was like do you want. to go sit down and let's go pray. and i was like no no. no i got to. go get my food and she was. like oh why don't you well. let me just stand here. and do it i said all right. so i did it and um and uh i i don't know. if that's something that happens. to people or what but the amount of times. someone's come up to. me and ask to. pray for me is probably six times and that's too much. huh that's too much. that's too much of a random. thing to be happening. happened six times in a lifetime. i'm only 44 honestly even if you're ads. too much but you prayed. for me and i feel pretty. good now maybe that had something to. do with it um it was a weird. experience at innout though i forget. that innout is like a place. where like kids go. at like 9900 p.m. to be you know. because they can't go to. bars and stuff and uh anyway that's that's it. she prayed for me my. wife dude is like she hit me. with the i live in westlake now. and so there's not much to. go well i don't know what the things. to go do are yet. right like the coffee shops. clos at 4: you know. by 4:30 p.m. i'm like itching. my neck trying to. be like maybe there's a i guess. i i could go to. starbucks and um and it's just what what it. is you know it's fine. the the i i love it. i love it there right. and uh my wife just hits. me with i i have something you can do for me. and i'm like what what right. because you got to. side eye that when your wife. says i have something you can do for me. because it it hey dude if it's not fun. why if it oh if it's fun. if it's cool if it's an interesting. thing hey hey wait a second why. aren't you doing it. hey wait a second i have something. cool you could do for me. hey wait a second if it's cool. wait a minute why aren't you. doing it like she's going. to be like yeah i was going. to scoop up a couple. of [ __ ] on the way to. target no hey dude hey wait a second. so i said what is it. she says oh you can you c. i got something on facebook. facebook marketplace which is serious. killer central by the way. if if i'm a serial killer and i really want to. start serial killing or if i want. to go on like a crazy. binge facebook marketplace dot com. hey hey i got uh you know. uh lawn chairs come on bye. yeah how much so cheap. yeah real what the $15 for for. each for all of them. what i'll be right. over stab stab stab stab blood under my dig. dig under my house crawl space. store store the body don't get caught. for 16 years yeah hey xbox one. for sale what new in box. really yep how much 40 bucks. how does that make sense. come on by hey i'm here. for the xbox dingdong open. stab stab stab stab drag. under cross spas dig. push in above the other guy don't get caught. in for 16 years. facebook market killer facebook. marketplace serial killer the facebook. marketplace killer it took me too. many times to. say that but um anyway i'm like oh okay. um i'll i'll go i'll go what do you what. what did you get there. and she says a bench. hey hey hey thanks for being frugal. but i don't want to. drive 40 minutes away to. get an old bench. get a new one. have them deliver it but this is one. she wants this is an not. an antique one but it it. was it was like a and it wasn't she was. like i got it for such cheap. they normally go for thousands. of dollar she got for like $100 and i'm not going. to lie it's a cool. bench but i like it. so i go i go i like where is it. dude she's like oh it's right. down up the way. a little bit dude. it was 35 minutes away oh [ __ ] dude you know it's just i'm in the blazing heat going to. get a bench from facebook. and i'm like is this. my is this it for me. like is this guy just gonna show. up i'm going to. show up hi i'm here. for the bench stab stab stab drag. or dig dig under the crawl space. on top of two other bodies. i don't get discovered for 16. years and so um so uh i go i get there. and the guy's outside of the place. the most cool normal dude. ever right right just a regular guy. in a good way not in a regular way. boring way was a nice guy. gives me the the bench. and he says uh there you go. puts it in my car. have a little small talk. and then i say so she said 125 right. and he said h. you know what i'm going. to be honest with you. uh we said 100 but uh i don't want. to lie to. you so i said thanks. bud and i give him 110 to. split the difference because i'm a nice. guy and what he did. was nice dude instant karma that's how i do. it if you do karma to. me i go instant karma back. to you right so i give him the thing. and then that's it i i i i leave okay i bring the i bring the the [ __ ] bench back. i set it up of course. i set up in the wrong. place even though she told me. where to do it. i did it she it. was different she's like not do it. like this okay and she just sit stands. back looks at this is my dude. this is my wife sometimes. just like this you know. do you have a do this. is the number one thing. a mar a married. woman does with kids while while window. shopping dude my mom when she would window. shop she would just yeah that would look good in there right. and i'm just like like so she's staring at the the the chair. and she says this is amazing. i love this chair and she says where's it. from and i said oxnard she said no but like what's the history of it. and i said ah it started. at this guy's house and i drove it. over and she says you didn't ask. the guy and i was like ask the guy. what and she said uh like where it comes. from and like all the stuff. about it and i said oh [ __ ] of course not hey i have a dick. dangling in between my legs hey. what the heck balls are. under there whoopsie then it's an inch. behind mind to. my anus hey what the heck. are these tits or a chest. she was like you didn't ask. the guy said ask the guy. about the history of the b two guys. you know this guy's wife. made him do it we're just in a culd. theack in the street he put a bench. in my if i ask this. [ __ ] hey where's this bed from he goes huh. what it's from my living. room dude i he we don't no. cuz it's a dick. dangling and the balls. under that the t behind. that and the anus. to that right hey sweetheart. what's on the opposite. side of my anus. oh that's right some lgin in charge dude. i don't know where any. bench is from i will never know. where a bench is. from okay and she asked me. like i thought like i dude. she said isn't it a she looked at me. she said isn't it a given for me. to ask like i dude. i don't even know if if if i put the bench. in my car started driving. home didn't look behind me. for 10 minutes and then tried to. remember what my wife had me. pick up i wouldn't be able. to do it okay. and she wants to. know the history of the bench hey ask first dude. i said why didn't you ask. she's like i don't know i thought it. was cool it's a given when you get there you find out. some info about it hey no isin. that amazing so i i mean. that's just the difference between a man. man and a woman i i i i i i i truly can't i even i can't. fathom just you know like women. just they're so different than men. it's like and i know it's like it's not even. like it's hacky to. talk about but it's like dude. my we had a play date with calvin. his friend the the the the mom came over. the two of them were just like i dude. i i go it's like they're talking and stuff. like for for for minutes and then they'll go. you know to me and i don't know. they say you know. and i go oh i don't know yeah. is that can i get out. of it with that who who you. know what i was thinking. about pants you know just well there's a place. called pants town in westlake where you can buy pants. and i was thinking of that. that's a cool i was like that's kind of a cool. name it's funny too right. pants toown is what i'm thinking of like that. meme i wonder what he's thinking. of pantown um it's just it's just crazy. but men dude you know. every every time i think men are the [ __ ] like you know you go back. and forth you think of look. women are amazing amazing in their own. way and men are amazing in their own. way and every time i'm like man. women are amazing in their own way. or or like when i think like man. men are the [ __ ] right like i i don't i think men are cool you know i know men get a bad rap. nowadays and stuff but like i'm like men. are the just utterly there. there lot a lot of them. are pieces of [ __ ] but i'm like they're awesome. you know i'm feeling good. a lot of cool men out. there men in my family. and then dude i'm just like on american. airlines and flying and i don't have they don't have the they have that. thing where you sign. up for the internet and you can just watch free. stuff on your tablet so i forgot. i had a tablet because i i use it. to sell merch. when i go on the road. and i like oh i could just look at it. on there like an idiot i didn't think about it. right and um and i got the tablet and i started. like what am i going. to watch and i'm like have shitty. stuff that american airlines is just going. to recommend so i see. this thing and it's called control. alt desire now that's what it's called. worst title however worst okay you know and whatever i i click it because it's obviously. about a guy it's a limited. series about a guy who is probably. you know you don't know yet. because you didn't you didn't read. about it a guy who's probably like m murdered a family. or something and you're like i okay. well this is right up my alley. because i'm a human because all humans. do now is watch murder. porn and that's all they watch is. murder porn and crowd work so like the number one. video would be like if matt rif got [ __ ] stabbed on stage you know while he's doing crowd work hey what kind of kn is that and uh just so so uh i'm like all right this looks this looks good i click on it threepart miniseries i go oh um and they go i'm reading a little bit in the description is more than it seems and drummed up the past and oh go bro oh are you kidding. me click immediate okay now it's cool. being a dude and then you see something. like this and i don't think i've ever. it's on paramount plus by the way. you can watch it i don't think i've ever. i don't think i've ever been. more angry watching something. probably i have but i can't think of it. in recent memory this dude. was living with his parents. until he was 28 which whatever i don't you. know who's to say i think it's pretty. old but he was a twin. okay and his twin brother. also lived at home with his parents. you you you decide i don't know. if it's weird right it's weird. it is it's totally weird. and so they both become anesthesiologists okay. weird but good good jobs one of the highest paying you know. like medical jobs or whatever. they're in school to. become anesthesiologists uh one of the twins has like an outburst of anger. towards somebody and then gets thrown out. of school okay this derails his whole. life and he then becomes a nurse. because he can only be a nurse. and then after that he gets thrown up. being a nurse and it just like he can't. deal with it in the rejection. and then he starts just saw he sees. a my free cams ad. and just clicks on it. right like that one. time that's just that one. time you're like all right. i've seen it enough. i'm a sucker click right. all right this is the seventh time. i've seen this i guess i'm supposed. to click it click oh free. no credit card okay well click why not oh wait. look at these chicks hey all right. rocking so he finds a woman. on the cams and develops. some sort quote unquote relationship. with her starts talking her. whatever over i i don't know. it's been a year or two. he gives her $200,000 of of gifts. that's how they make it so it distance. you like oh you gave him. yeah oh yeah he gave me thank you. for the coins thank you for. the gifts hey hooker. you're taking his money now that's fine. i don't give a [ __ ] that's cool. that's a job straight up you're a hardworking woman. and he is a hardk sucker. just giving and now this guy is well i don't know. if he's a hardworking you know i don't know whatever it's probably stressful being a [ __ ] cam girl yeah you know and so he so the guy basically is like well okay i love her now like like a dumb dumb dude. like a oh we have a a thing. now she we talk on. the phone i love her now. he giv her $200,000 the family. tells him stop stop doing this this. is money that you had and you've taken. money from us they got fullblown. addiction right so he goes ah nah. and killed them all hey killed his twin. hey guy and he's and they're doing a documentary. about him and they're interviewing him. and the whole time he's on zoom. talking to the documentarian. and he's smiling oh dude. i wanted to saw his head. off some people just can't hack it. right wow i i can't. believe that that really honestly. that was just it was so sad. and so [ __ ] up it's good though. paramount plus uh james r. jones died and i was like somebody. sent me that dude i have like one group. chat of friends that like for some reason. it's always the [ __ ] when someone dies they go hey this person like i don't give a [ __ ] i i i no not that i don't give a [ __ ] i don't ever. add to it. it's other people always sending and i'm like okay. and they sent j james. james r jones died. and my first thought was he he was alive. dude he has he was 90. for 30 years dude he was old when like he was the voice. of darth vader how old was he um field. of dreams lion king you know. that that was icon great actor uh he's one. of those guys you look at and you go oh distinguished. you know him dennis hayesburg morgan. freeman the three most distinguished. [ __ ] alive uh michael kane is distinguished. you know can't really just be a regular white. guy and be distinguished. you know you got to. be at least british. or black um but yeah rest in peace to. james r jones uh i saw i saw uh this picture of um dave batista. my old bud i haven't talked to. him in a long time. and it says he lost. like 40 pounds of muscle. he looks he went from doc. worker to hair stylist like and pearl necklace is just killing. it dude [ __ ] yeah he's a cool dude i really like this guy but my god he lost a lot of muscle. how do you even lose. muscle he still looks he. looks good though i don't know i don't know. if that's got to. be weird for him huh. he's been so big for so long. that gray beard's cool. though huh i want my [ __ ] to. go gray just [ __ ] how do you lose muscle. by the way you just stop he must be. having a time of his life. or is he sick. or just doing blow that's no. he's not do and blow i. know that um oh th this was so funny. dude the the the the bro. look at this video body. armor company demonstrates the stab. i mean wa wastes wast zero. time wastes zero time body armor. company demonstrates their stab production on. their ceo first of all oh man. it's so funny when the ceo. is like and if you don't believe. me i'll try it. on myself like this is what remember they did. with the lifelock guy and then 95 people stole his identity. here's my social security. number on the billboard. i'm sunset boulevard now just everybody's. him but um i love that. dude because you know they're [ __ ] a little bit right. it's like when it's like even when you haven't. had sex with anyone and you go get an hiv. test you know you don't have. it but you're still like oh man. i can't wait till that. doctor like i'm thinking about it. hi so it's negative. no i know that i i knew. i didn't [ __ ] anyone i'm just saying i did go into. jacuzzi who knows i use. a public toilet i know they say you can't. but so this ceo is like and to. prove it stab proof by the way if you're stabbing somebody. and you and you you know. what let's just watch this. video here hold. on wastes no time just gives him a [ __ ] straight up butcher's knife. and this dude who works. for the ceo just yeah thanks. a lot here we go. all right one stopped stopped and going. to do it again. and showing the knife and again. here we go another knife. oh did the gangster shank oh. oh a machete right. here just hates his. boss [ __ ] cut his cut hit his leg god you know what this guy could snap oh and now the baseball bat just bash his head in oh he turned he almost hit his arm dude. here's the thing about this. i i there's no way. i would do the body armor. thing and then but even more so. there's no way i would be the stabber. i don't trust myself. not snapping i've never done. a stabbing motion like that over and over again. hard into someone why wouldn't i lose. my mind and just start stabbing his mouth. you know dude hates his boss. so much didn't hesitate a second i'll do it. me here the volunteer. i i'll do it and then does it. and then here's the thing. about a you have a stabbing vest. on first of all what you know. who's walking around with one. of these on oh it's a bad neighborhood. let me get my stab inv. vest all right i'm ready here let's go here's the other thing. dude you stabbed that. person one time and you hear king you go whoops. guess i'm going for the face. right in between the eyes. dude you don't go you. don't go oh i'm really getting him. i'm really getting he's not [ __ ] iron. man you know what's happening. up whoops up to. the neck blood baseball bat just keep not bashing. his head dude if you're trying to. kill someone you're going to. you're going to do. it this is stupid they need a whole knife. retardant suit just walking around looking like [ __ ] ultron hatte his boss you know they [ __ ] up a good brooks brother's shirt but whatever um is brooks brothers they're not around anymore. huh they are oh oh this. was so good dude this was so good. oh this was so good oh this. was so good there few things i like more. than kind of [ __ ] this is too bad two baseball. announcers going off script. just kind of going off script. and feel a certain type of way. about each other and dude. it's really good this morning. to the field but as i was driving. here i was thinking it'd. be great to. get a place that's close. you can walk back and forth. first of all what are you doing. already like don't even say. those things just be like hey can kimet is up. you know hey dude instead of that. say ball three these announcers will. you're not vin scully vince. scully would just have a conversation. with himself for like just nine years. he just never stopped i feel. like vince scully when the when the g. when the game ended he just kept going. like all right well i'm walking in my car. and taking a few steps it's been harder. to walk ever since my hip surgery. which was 5 years. ago definitely scully is making uh strides. in that department of walking. but actually not not uh back. the way it used to. be before the hip surgery. swinging a miss start the car. always makes me think of if looks could kill. the old movie with richard. greo that was the first time. i ever saw a keyless remote on a car. ball one um so anyway. uh this guy is just talking you. you know i know you mentioned don zimmer. living out the apartments out. in center field but i just had a lot of time. to think on the team. bus today because it was just very quiet. here we go so you'd rather. me be chatty i wasn't feeling great. i i haven't seen you in a long. time right you don't work road. trips anymore when i'm on the road. so i thought we would catch up. but it quickly was evident. that you weren't in the mood. so i gathered my thoughts. about how it would be nice to. live close to. wrigley walk back and forth to. the part i already said it. my wife interesting narrative that. you're put together both. my wife both my wife cuz i've been told by. executives that you prefer to. work with ruko oh laid the [ __ ] smackdown when he said you prefer to. work with ruko my wife dude. both guys i'm married. to both guys that's why. that's why you two guys. are matched up all the time. i mean that's just what i heard. i don't know if there's i just put it together. that the road trips. you don't want to. go on that i end up working with ryan ruka. because we're willing to. work the games on the road. my wife dude that is so incredible. that these grown men were just like yeah yeah the mariners are playing the red sox however we got how did it start yeah and you know you weren't very talkative on the bus this morning. already dude you aren't very talkative. on the bus already how how much did. that other guy that really irked. the other guy right. cuz the field as i was. driving here i was thinking it'd. be you weren't talkative. on the bus isn't necessarily a [ __ ] you right. it's like a well you know. you weren't talkative. and that could be like i don't mind. you not being talkative. that's fine but so i this. is what i was thinking. of right but the way. the guy took it and he fire. look just listen to. how he fires out right. after great to. get a place that's close. you can walk back back. and forth i know you mentioned. don zimmer living out the apartments out. in center field but i just had a lot of time. to think on the team. bus today because it was that was it. that was enough for the second guy. i just had a lot of time. to think in the on the bus. because it was just me dude. that was enough the first thing. the guy could deal with. the first thing that you weren't. very talkative he go. was like all right you know that pisses me. off but by the time he got to. the second part it. had subsided and then he just twisted. the knife in a little bit harder. and then the guy goes he very quiet. so you'd rather me be chatty. i oh so get a load of this. so you'd rather me be chatty. dude he couldn't he he it. was one of those things where he goes. if it was in a book. he it would describe it. as i heard myself saying because he would already be saying it. because he didn't think about saying it. it just jumped out of him. wow dude wasn't feeling great. i i haven't seen you in a long. time i i haven't seen you in a long. time i just thought we could c ch. up right you don't work road. trips anymore twisting it. twisting it in or when i'm on the road. oh s he doesn't like him. twisting it in taking the knife. bringing it all the way. up to his adams apple dude. so i thought we would catch up. but it quickly was evident. that you weren't in the mood. so i oh oh back down. to the balls up. to the adams apple balls. adams apple balls adams apple balls. adams apple dude just slicing and dicing up. up in the brain dude. and the guy my thoughts about how it would be nice to. live close to. r out the anus. up in the brain out. the anus up in the brain. this guy interesting narrative the most angry. thing you could possibly. say in an argument is wow. interesting narrative interesting narrative that. you really just kind of got you. got going you worked. out right really interesting. narrative that you worked out. there wow who's writing this. book it's certainly not an autobiography by me. you're putting together cuz i've been told by executives. that dropped about to. drop the most conversational hirosima bomb of all. time right here you prefer to. work with ruko that's why no no flash. first dude that's what that. was the flash and then n seconds. later you get hit with that radiation wave that's why you two guys are matched up. all the time dude. this is phen this is phenomenal. dude this is phenomenal i that's just what i heard i don't know. this oh dude. this is what i heard that's that's not me. you're don't shoot the messenger. i just put it together. that the road trips. you don't want to. go on that i am back. up into the brain. ryan willing to work. the g balls brain. balls just straight up colombian. necktie um wow. guys are great this. is great this is michael k. and john flery you know um that's just great. i guess uh kendrick lamar. is going to do. the super bowl which is like dude. all right it's a bop. yeah it's a bop. okay yeah it's a bop. don't don't play it again. dude it [music] yeah. yeah yeah dude it's a bop. okay the first time i heard it. i was like i don't know second. time i heard it i i admit. it it's a bop. yeah it's been stuck in my head. for you know ever since. the and like i guess lil wayne. was going to do it. oh because he's in new orleans. um and now people are pissed off. dude you don't have to. they don't have to. pick [ __ ] lil wayne. also how many musicians. come from new orleans like hey you know. throw a rock walk. down that idiotic. boulevard and just she said it's unfair. nicki minaj denying a. young black man what he rightfully put into. this game for no other and then your ego. likely referring to jayz she. said wow she continued bringing drake's. name into the mix your hatred. for birdman drake and nikki got you pushing. lil wayne lil wayne. the goat punishing lil wayne. nola what's good eminem stood firm. on having 50 c come. out a white man sh [ __ ] sad can't say the rest of it um surprised i could say that much honestly um so he's not going to. do it uh that's they could just pick whoever right. they can pick whoever they want. you know jayz was the uh. partnered with the uh super bowl ever. since 2019 to. try to revamp the uh. halftime show and uh so that's what that's what that's. all about he picked uh kendrick lamore and i got to. hear that song more i don't know. uh when when will we be back. i'm almost done almost done. with pod um so yeah. he's going to come. out wait the super bowl is october no when no when's the super bowl. february right no october is uh baseball. so okay so february so it's it's september. dude he's gonna play that [ __ ] song rain for it's going. to be so old by then. dude w w w w w let me do my stuff. dude i'm gonna go i i do if i have to. and it's a good song. it's a bop i admit. it drake is a hit maker. though huh i put on some drake. today and i was just like all. right say what you want. he's a hit maker. dude i mean just crazy. uh let's look at this. [ __ ] here dude the guy had a seizure. at my show did i talk. about this yet on the podcast. uh i always say that. i think it's been like three times i've talked about it. uh don't need to. bring that up anymore. but um let's get my computer's frozen. hell yeah well hell yeah. um um and the presidential debate. is on tuesday i mean. what it it's only going. to get weirder like it's got to. get so weird oh wait hold. on what's this turban son. yo that's the first time. my man got a turban. nypd you knew your culture. you know that's not a [ __ ] turb. what is it what is it. you going to ask. me what yeah i'm asking you what. is it look it. up what is that bro. has no idea it's a turban. right it's a turban. what [ __ ] white guys always it's always these guys it is it's always the white guys dude god damn yo bro you ever seen a nypd turban. son yo that's the first time. my man got a turb. if you knew your culture. you know that's not a [ __ ] turban. what is it what is it. you going to ask. me what yeah i'm asking you what. is it look it. up what is that bro. it's a turban right. wow dude what a [ __ ] idiot always these guys so dick dude so dick oh man what a he said what a [ __ ] idiot dude just straight up cuz he knows the guy can't do anything cuz there's cops around um that's cool man they should get the and uh bikinis with badges on them since they're going to. be giving everybody you know. their [ __ ] they should be doing it they should be doing that just a a black guy with a do rag on his head with a with a with a badge. on it yo son yo son spread him. son just so new york. with tims on everyone. else got black all the other cops. got black boots he's got timberlands. on yo son spread them. son hey son now i don't need those handcuffs. i'm gonna grab them come. on right quick in the back. there we [music]. go just [ __ ] uh you know a dodge charger cop. car um look it. up the guy goes you. going to ask me. look it up dude. that the most new york. thing this is the most new york. thing that could possibly happen. is a dude just straight up not giving a [ __ ] harassing a cop. not really actually harassing but like just bothering you know. and then the cop. just like chiming in and the dude. being like know your culture. you know like some woke. bs on the [ __ ] ny in new york. and then the dude. just laughing in his face. calling him an idiot is s in new york. all right that's it thank you. so much everyone for listening uh that's the end. of the youtube uh show if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. just go on over to. patreon dot com christalia and sign up. and you can also listen. to the other patreon only episodes. there's like 40 of them now. go over and get them just for six. bucks patreon dot com chrisa. thank [music] youfuck [ __ ] [music]. [ __ ] [music] 