 [music] runk hey guys it's the it's the episode. of [music] congratulations [music]. congratulations it's uh the episode of congratulations. uh and we are um off. up and running and it is time. to get into it. you know uh i wow brian ken. just texted me stupid idiot. he wrote okay all right. uh let me actually read some of the texts. he sends just out of nowhere. just out of nowhere. uh he writes here we go. hold on uh the oh god the guys i guys he text. me the worst ideas sometimes. okay okay just for no. reason for no reason out of the blue texts. me chris deia todo list colon. things to do again. after that colon which only means that he copy. and pasted this to. a bunch of his friends. and change the name things. to do first thing feed. my kids second puss. around like a [ __ ] third nap four push some more five go to. bed and then he and then a separate text. he writes true or false. let's see what else let's see. what else he writes me um he says okay. he says uh how's your workouts. going great i bet. huh for no reason no no. no no oh wait three text. he writes o no no no he writes. hi okay then i write. what the [ __ ] okay man okay oh hey man and he and i say don't flirt. with me on text. and he says oo wild. cat cat meow and then he writes how's your workouts. going great i bet. huh i said okay. man they're good but yeah but chill. and he says i bet. good is an understatement. do you push until you think you'll explode. then collaps into a dripping pumped [laughter]. heap oh for here's another for no. reason text out of the blue. writes uh wait let me read. it first to. make sure there's nothing incriminating. um okay here we go. i'm pretty original at the end. of the day for example this. reason doesn't uh what does that mean. this this reason doesn't bother. me at all you spelled spelled spelling. mistake you i'm guessing. are in a corner feeling. scared or feeling set even though you're under the covers. set okay well he definitely voice texted that one. and ruined it whatever. whatever it's a big disappointment but he text. me crazy [ __ ] um anyway uh um what was i going to. say i was going. to say something about brian. k or no i don't. know anyway what i'm what i uh what i am going. to do is um uh talk about well. you know it's episode so we're having a good. time we can play stuff from youtube. and they won't demonetize us. because it doesn't matter. cuz we're not demonetizing it. and you guys get the the raw. deal you get the real raw. deal you know you get the real raw. deal right i went to. get my well went to. today to get the uh i i'm getting. i have to i'm going. to get a colonoscopy because i'm i'm not quite. at that age yet but why. not get it out the way. right it's the only curable cancer. which i didn't know and uh is is colon. cancer so um i am going. to do that but what what i have. to do first is go. in for like a pre thing i got to. go in and i got to. talk talk to. the doctor and he has to. tell me what it is. and then he asked me. two or three questions. that could absolutely be over. the phone and it's just to. get your money i would think right. because it's just i'll just let me show. up the day of put the thing. in my butthole for 20. minutes if you got to. snip something out snip something out. if you don't all good i'll come. back in 10 years right. um but i don't want to. do this colonoscopy but i have to. my uncle didn't do a colonoscopy till he was 70. something and everything was fine. but one in 20. people get it that cancer. that's what the doctor said to. me couldn't believe it so i'm like oh man. and my grandma had it so i'm worried. all good didn't mean to. start the podcast like this. but well also i told him. i' take that selan husk selum husk cyan murphy husk and uh that. he said that he uh to. to to make my my fibber good. you know and he's like and you take it. every day i said no no and he said how much i said well not very often actually. he's like so every now and then i was like maybe yeah and then he kind of rolled. his eyes and i was like why. am i even saying i take. it you know um i used to. be such a hardline about. that [ __ ] though with drugs i used to. be like if somebody smoked weed. i i thought that they were like they do. drugs do you do drugs. no i mean i've done. it once or twice. oh so you do drugs. i would be like that annoying. kid like such such an annoying. kid but i went to. my colonoscopy and i guess he can't eat or drink. for a whole day and i was going. to do an 8 a.m. colonoscopy. but here's the deal dude. i'm always thinking dude. i'm always thinking all right. i can either go monday or tuesday. on those are the days he puts. the things in your butthole. and snips out pups and what whatnot. and takes a camera and whole film. crew and looks in the if his film crew. runs into my film crew. on my back that' be hilarious. but um so he it's either. monday or thursday so they said how about thursday i said know i'm going to. be in victoria bc then can't do it. then by the way victoria bc. christ dot com um and i said well so they say how about april 1st. monday i go what a great. perfect for me april fools. i'm going to get aosc. me that's great comedian i love it. okay 8:00 a.m. i go. all right fine okay. let's do it i'll wake up. early i'll do it who cares. the day shot anyway right. because you had something up your butt. for 20 minutes no homo but i did. but no homo even no. homo or homo if you had something up your butt. for 20 minutes pretty much. days over right can we can we agree. can we agree with that. um so i mean even for women. if you do anal. can we agree with you. day's over if you have something for 20. minutes right day day's over. all shot right that's why. you don't really do i feel like you probably. if you do anal. if you're in anal you don't do it. in the morning you know. i feel like you do it. probably from 4:30. on right and and days up. days up right so uh you know you have dinner after that even if it's early. go to bed like an old person. but um anyway uh i was like okay. i'll do it at 8:00. a.m. [ __ ] it the day i'll be shot but i'll just relax. you know it's a monday. i usually do congratulations. on monday but you know. what maybe i'll do it. on a sunday or maybe. i'll do it on a saturday. who knows you know i could get crazy. with it so they say let's do it. 8:00 a.m. monday i go i say okay but like an idiot i'm there i'm like okay wait no wait i fly back then wait how many days does march have i'm like such an idiot you know and she's like well go to. the 31st i was like okay. then i'll do it so then i come back. and on the way. back i'm like i don't want to. wake up that early just cuz somebody's going. to put something in my butt. also it's weird right because i don't want something to. go up my butt period. why am i waking up. early to do it. let's just do it in the afternoon. which is what they do. on thursdays and i'll just find a thursday. i'm not out of town. furthermore i go m i go i come i fly. back sunday okay so check this. out now this is where i really start thinking and this is really the [ __ ] and this is what i love saying this kind of stuff on my patreon because this is the depths the very depths of me that you guys get to. unlock that not many. people get to unlock because this is the patreon. episode i i go to. i i i come back sunday. the day before my this. is the most boring [ __ ] thing i've ever talked about in my life. i'm talking about flying and colonoscopies whatever. i fly back sunday my wife. says because she's going. to come with me right. my wife says let's fly. back really early it's easter. i want to. be with the boys. i say okay cool right. so i'm going to. come take the first flight. back from not north carolina. but uh virginia and i can't eat i can't eat from 8:00. a.m. to 8 a.m. 24. hours now i'm like well i'm going. to wake up and take an early. flight so that's going. to be a full 24. hours of not eating right. now i i get i'll probably be sleeping. for well i probably won't be sleeping. that much of it to. be honest okay cuz put it this. way i wake up at 8: i got to. start by not eating all right. cuz it's already 24 hours. and and i'm going to. be doing the putting the thing in my butt. put the film crew in my butt. so i'll probably sleep. because i'll be nervous. cuz i don't want a thing in my butt. for 20 minutes less than normal. okay so i'll probably get to. be honest 5 hours. of sleep at the most. so that's 19 hours. of not e eating that's a lot. now check this out dude. and this is where the lot. the logistics come in if i'm doing. it on a thursday i cannot eat. at 3 the day before. wake up late on on wednesday. and not eat from like. say i wake up at like 11:. on wednesday i don't eat. from 11: to 11:. on the next thursday but i already knocked. out the beginning because i'm i've been sleeping and i've woken up. hungry in my life [music]. twice that was very quiet. but it's okay we we'll juice. it up right for the thing. i've only woken up hungry in my life [music]. twice so now i'm like oh [ __ ] i'll wake up at 11:00. do 24 hours of fasting but check it. out i've already knocked out so i'll go to. bed a little earlier. and then wake up late. on wednesday bro it's going. to be like only two three hours. of not sleep and not [laughter]. eating then i'm going to. wake up i got to. take that that stuff though. i got to take that. stuff right that flushes you. out where you're just hanging out you take the you drink. that stuff and it makes you just makes you do it's like laxative right. by the way why can't i just take regular lative you. ever take regular laxatives that you i mean. you can't go anywhere you got to. [ __ ] everywhere all the time why do they why do they got you got they got to. give you a thing remember in the ' 80s. dude when my parents would do it. they'd have a jug of water. like a [ __ ] [ __ ] working out at the gym just a jug of water. a not water the xx. [ __ ] and then they drink it. and they just be [ __ ] all all night wow. vivid memor vivid memories of. my parents drinking uh that stuff anyway. i don't want to. do it but i you got to. do it preventative right. so i'm gna do it. and the doctor was like do you want to. go out way out do you want to. go out for 20. minutes or do you want. to be in that twilight. stage and i'm like i kind of want. to be out but then i'm like i don't want to. be groggy just put me. out in the twilight stage but then i'm like what if i really like it i'll be a drug addict from then on and i guarantee [music]. it um but anyway uh so yeah so that's that's kind of what's going. going on dude i had a [ __ ] thing this week um i don't people are just they're just they just are gonna be dumb. huh and and it's not. everybody everybody's not dumb but everybody. together creates dumb right. like everybody get for instance i have 2.2 million followers on instagram. if i post a story i'm going. to receive dumb right. even if it's very easy to. figure out or whatever. even just a regular thing i there. are too many people on my thing. following me to. where i can't receive dumb. right so i will receive dumb. no matter what so my life. is going to be inundated with dumbness. pretty much because i'm posting right. so i dude i go to. this [ __ ] i i mean i guess it's like an outdoor mall kind of a thing it's where i work out and eat sometimes get coffee whatever um and i i talked about this on my story on my instagram but the guy a guy blocked me in dude okay i go i park i go to. workout i come back i'm blocked. in and like an idiot i'm. like this like an idiot i'm. looking for my car and i'm like where's. my car for way. too long and i noticed i'm like i thought. i parked right here i did. park right there there's just a guy blocking me in so i'm like wait i was right. the whole time my car. is just in front of that. guy's car because i pulled. in a little further than normal. all right i pulled in a little further. than normal because there's no wall. there's no wall right. there's no wall so i can just pull in a little further. as far guess how much i can pull in as far. as i want because i'm not it. doesn't affect anybody as a matter. of fact it makes people's lives easier i pull in a little too. far then the person to. my left and right. can open their doors freely without. diing anything and i can open. my doors freely without. diing them so what i'm doing. is good what i'm doing. is a good i did. it that way because i'm good okay. now i do that and i go. awesome now i go work. out i come back someone because i pulled in too far. is now pulled in behind be blocking. me in i can't get out. because of something i did that's good. now what kind of car. blocked me in yes you guessed. it a lime green. jeep of course he did. right so i'm pissed off. and i'm like what the [ __ ] kind of [ __ ] i can't get out now i live here now i live here and i'm i'm pissed and i'm not pissed you know what i'm not even taking it personal. i'm pissed that jesus. christ has made these kinds of people you know i'm just like come on god you ever get so mad. where you're not just angry. personally you just go ah come on god so i'm like i i'm i'm there and another guy parked next to. me says i'm leaving you could swing around. and come out and get out this. way if you want to. and now i'm even doubly pissed. cu i don't want to. right i don't want to. have to do that. number one number two i don't want. to do that because i don't get to. be here when the guy gets here. and then get to. be mad at that guy. dude this is how so insane. right but i don't want to. live there so i'm like okay. i guess i'll leave i'll leave [ __ ] it thank you good. good idea i leave right. the lime green [ __ ] cars there sticking out okay so i put it on my story the amount of people the amount of absolute morons that are telling me i double parked that are telling me i parked wrong. they're telling me i parked i park. like a jack's ass so. i deserve it dude. i just go all right. okay i got time. today i guess i guess i got time. and i just posted a bunch. of stories after that about how you need to. understand that this is what happened. who cares people were still. dumb after that they say. no but i still would have been. mad because you double parked oh i just exp. oh he just explained. how he didn't double. park but okay oh he just explained. how he didn't park. but okay absolutely bonkers dude. people just are they just don't think see. this is the thing because i get i get i ask a lot. of questions sometimes my wife. is like hey you know. the answer already and i'm like but i want to. ask about a specific part of this thing because i want to. make sure i know and maybe yes maybe i'm a little autistic. but also i'm you know what i'm doing. making sure a lot of people should be making sure. more what happened the other day. uh my oh the brendan's party. thing i was such an idiot. on the text and i wanted. to unload on my wife i just wanted to. be like wait a minute. what the [ __ ] did this happen. why did this happen. and i just sat with it. and i we were texting and i thought you know. what i might be wrong. about this but i'm sure i'm not i had all of the texts. to make sure that i wasn't wrong. i was looking at the texts. and i go i know i'm not wrong. you know why because of looking because of seeing the evidence because of seeing. the words that are on my phone. right now that's all the evidence that i need i'm definitely right. so i get to. be mad had but what do i do. i go you know what me. i've had it worse off. before maybe i'm still wrong. even though i see i'm right. so i back off the heat. and i say you know. what babe i'm sorry a lot. of times i just don't really. get stuff can you explain. to me how this happened. and guess what she did. explained how it happened. and then i looked at the text. again and saw what it. actually [music] said you ever. see something that's not there. you ever see something that's not there. how about this you ever. see something that's not there. twice how about this you ever see something. that's not there a few. times that was me so. sure and then i said you know. what instead of getting mad. let's just quadruple check with someone. else's eyes oh okay. my eyes are [ __ ] done then my brain. just doesn't compute i just [ __ ] dude i had a conversation. with my brother and my dad. the other day and i forgot two. separate things two different times and my brother. says man that's happening. to you a lot lately. so great it's not getting any better. i mean i've been saying i need to. take ging gooba but i don't take it. maybe i should really actually start. taking it what the [ __ ] is gko baloba. anyway let me look at it. up i mean i know kind of what it. is it's not the tea with the balls. in it is it no no. that's soba wait what is that. gco baloba is a plant. oh okay well do they make a tea. or what soup no. the not the soup. the what's that thing that was super. la oh yeah it's pills. right the g go. boba pills yeah yeah. yeah what is ita boba. te remember does anyone. even take that anymore. it's an asian thing right. yeah but these [ __ ] morons with the [ __ ] i'm sure it's fine but like i don't this is the number one white chick thing you know it's like they just want to. drink tea with balls in. it because they're so like it's different. you know it's super annoying. this is like what it. didn't really pop off. like a yoga but it's basically yoga. in a in a in a in a in a in a glass try some they got cool. different colors i'm. a sucker boba dude. i i somebody told me. they're like no you got to. try it though and i go all right. you with that attitude i'm not even. [ __ ] [ __ ] i'm not i'm never [ __ ] with it now because of that and i and i made that a thing and it's a thing so that's fine um i got the uh the yeezy uh te i paid $20 for a yeezy te and it came in the mail and i got it it has a one on the back you know and uh the guy who was on twitter that was making fun of the yeezy that i talked about last few episodes ago he uh it's the same shirt he has and i [ __ ] wear it and i think i look i [ __ ] i like it dude but i'm going to. wear it when i work out. i probably won't i wear it. just lounging around the house. you know how i do it. um kanye i guess has a big. big bed i've thought of this. before i've thought of this before. so i want credit look it look at how big kanye. west bed is i've thought about this. before i want a bed that's just the floor. of my bedroom and you put a mattress on the whole. floor when i was a kid i remember thinking of that and thinking yo that's going. to be when i'm an adult. can you just do what. you want you know like what is it. about kids imaginations. you know like my kid if it was up. to my kid he would just be different. people or things all day. this morning he was a cat. he was a cat he said. look look i'm a cat and he's just walking around. like a cat and i was like oh cool. look look i'm a cat falling. and he falls down oh that's cool. look look you see. this cat over here. i'm like all right cool. you know what happens. why can't we [ __ ] do that anymore. that we really you know. something really sweet about. that you know and i get it. we have responsibility in jobs. and also are in reality. and kids aren't but like well they're in reality. they just don't realize it. they think reality is a little bit. different they think reality. is a little more fantastic. than it is right. um like my son earlier. he was like look i'm in a box. and he was completely halfway. in the box i i'm like i can see you. you're not in the box. you know but i didn't break it. i didn't say that to. him i was like oh what's in there. he hey i pretended to. open it and um but my point. is what's the what's the where's it. you know where's it uh i when i was a kid. i was like i'm going. to get a bed. that covers the floor. of my bedroom and it's going. to be you know what i'm going. to be the best adult. because of that right i was just like i'm never not going. to do this [ __ ] i'm never not going to. be dreaming like this. and be a [ __ ] kid i'm never not going to. do that [ __ ] and you know look i'm i'm 43. i i tell jokes for a living. and i'm silly as [ __ ] and the other day. i was joking with somebody. i don't even remember and i was like i can't. believe we're this doing this. [ __ ] the other person was older than me but i'm like that's the life i [ __ ] created and that's fine but at what point. did i decide it wasn't a good. idea to have a whole [ __ ] floor. bed in my house i just kind of lost. that there i don't really want it. anymore isn't that weird our our our wants change you know i don't like that i wish i like the same. stuff when i was a kid. if i did be having a lot. more fun i see my kid. playing with transformers just having such a good. time dude and i'm like man. i i want to. have that good of a time. but i instead i'm having a great. time watching him but i'm smiling. like just like watching and smiling like it's the end. of a movie or something. you know and i'm like the character. that learned a little bit. and um i don't know i don't know dead. at mercy medical hospital. in williston runners participated in the london. marathon today less than a week. after the bombings athletes nbc okay. the worst newscast broadcast dreams. and motion organization has a fun. time for the disabled a deadly avalanche. kills five in colorado you're watching. the sunday on nbc. north dakota news your news. leader in high definition. gay [ __ ] [ __ ] good evening i'm. no oh aj clemente oh this. was years ago right. i mean this could not have been yeah. 10 years ago. it was posted so van. to you may have seen our newest. aj on in c. north dakota news and he'll be joining the weekend. news team hey guy. she's talking it's obviously on my co. anchor tell us a little bit about yourself. aj um thanks van i'm. very excited i graduated. from west virginia university and i'm used to. um you know from being from the east. coast i love it dude. the first day and he exposed himself. too because he was like yeah. so i i i graduated just and now there. my job okay well welcome. aboard aj than go. right a fatal atv crash happened yesterday. in williams county officials say. kevin george rolled with his atv. while turning from canal. to 151st street george was thrown from his vehicle. he was not wearing a helmet. and pronounced dead at mercy medical hospital. in williston runners participated in the london. marathon today less than a week. after the bombings athletes paid tribute to. the victims of the bombings. with a 30 second moment. of silence observed before the start. of the men's elite race. and the m wow why does hea. news your news leader in high definition. gay [ __ ] [ __ ] why does he just say gay [ __ ] [ __ ] dude like don't say once you should have a rule when you get behind the desk you're just like i know somebody could be your might dude that's unbelievable evening i'm van you may have seen our new and still good evening i'm van you may have seen our newest aj. on c north dakota news. and he'll be joining the weekend. news team as my coanchor. tell us a little bit about. yourself aj um thanks. van i'm very excited i graduated from west virginia. university and i'm used to. um you know from being from the east. coast what do you think he was trying to. say what do you think he was trying. to say this is incredible. aj on nc north dakota. news and he'll be joining. so they're in north dakota weekend news. team as my coanchor tell us. a little bit about yourself. aj um thanks man. you can tell by the um it was [ __ ] you know why. because the um was two different. notes oh um if if if you go um you can have a comedy. um the second you [ __ ] start look um um that's you're done. you're done that's the end. the you you you know. what your last word should. be in that sentence um. cuz you're not getting anywhere. good after that thanks man. i'm very excited i graduated. from west virginia university and i'm used to. um you know from being from the east. coast okay i think what he tried. to say is i'm used to. the weather like the cold weather. from being from the east coast. okay yeah because north dakota. right because it's cold let's wow. that's great dude the the the the the newscaster. fails are so great. and i think it's because it's the ultimate. you had one job [ __ ] all they have to. do is get information to. you and when they just blow it. and they're like this just in schno. henbury it's just so why is it so beautiful. to see that [ __ ] you know why new let's look up. another one newscaster bloopers bloopers i don't know if i like what is it oh wait what was this one i've seen this one i so pale you're on it. what the officer don't. laugh for dui these are these are i am. i am got d. it's okay no no no oh come on. dude this one look great. it's okay come a little closer. alligator do they know okay. so so all right all right. so this is 2 minutes. in an alligator the newscast is holding an alligator and then there's two wranglers and the male wrangler. is a male and female male wrangler. is holding a smaller alligator or crocodile. whatever and then the woman is just watching okay. hold him tight hold. him tight hold. him tight i am. i am him i am i am. got him am it's okay. all right you got it um first and last time. i am i am i am what oh this. guy fell hold in amazing. dude that's the one right. before dude he just falls in and it's oh man. russians falling are great cuz they're so serious. it's okay come a little closer. the amount of times the guy. says i am let's do an i am counter. here we go here by do. they know they hold him. tight hold him. tight hold him. tight i am i am. him i am i am. got it i am it's okay. all right you got it five. of them five i am and the guy. was hold er donald and can you spell pr. the last f i i s t. l i s oh no that's so stupid. in the news this morning. the next time you pass. gas make sure no police around. a man in west virginia. faces assault charges after police say he passed. c andant the officer laugh. after the man was already arrested. for dui according to. police report say cruz i can't even get through. this he passed the gas. so loudly the office. said it was quote very odorous. and created and created contact of an insulting. or provoking nature okay mr anor see. that wasn't even right. that to put that story in there. was wrong that was wrong. man i didn't even see it. when i was looking through. this cp he stuck. that in there very odorous. i mean you know i can't. believe h janus turning 10. we mentioned oh come on i'm sorry. what what i'm sorry it's it's one. of those it's one of those i totally fell for it. didn't i what an idiot. yeah i think it was a trick. i think i think you're right. i think it was a trick. name i think you're right. that's great i think you're right. wow yeah think i sneeze. here uh man i could watch these kinds of things. all day huh [ __ ] man wow sneeze. i madebe she st is that. sneeze kind of sneeze let's watch a little more it's just fun who asked for that shout out who asked for it oh wait this one look who asked for it this is i have to. go back and look baby. it's legit and i have a sick. mind but that's the way. hopefully there's not a 10yearold. really with that name out there. who uh wow there's apparently they're the most popular. creatures right now this time. of year beaver breeding those little guys are cute. and cuddly looking the beavers i've seen are bigger. and not yeah and they don't look. as friendly so i don't know. maybe i've seen my beavers in the wrong. place hey guy making it worse. getting fired moving on getting. so fired you know that's so dumb. that they call vaginas. beavers um like what dork. came up with that i remember when i learned. that at even when as a like nineyearold. i was like what that's stupid. [music] welcome i mean dude. this [ __ ] thing and please enjoy the stylings of the [ __ ] eaters dude just well that guy not even doing it oh oh martin sc says he's in there that's cool. i mean the one. guy who's going he really you know. dude these guys got so many chicks after the concerts. how many are there. i mean there's just like a hundred guys. oh that guy not even. doing it just an old guy. that was just doing this. oh that's disgusting what that. guy did side. to side all little how many guys 1. 2 3 4. 5 6 7 the worst. thinging 8 9 10 11. 12 martin scar 13 14. 15 16 17 18 19 20. 21 22 23 are you sh. 24 are you [ __ ] me dude. 24 guys got together just also anybody. can do that [ __ ] you [music]. know i wish i was in it. and they this pan. by me and i was just going. like really go for it. why aren't they going for it. why aren't they going for it. probably because it was like the 70s. or 60s dude are you telling me now. oh my gosh i'd be killing. that [ __ ] every song would start with an m and here we go we got the [ __ ] eaters coming late. late after late tonight on jimmy. kimmel show we got the [ __ ] eater. stay tuned um what is that so not talented. i'm doing well how are you fine. what's your name and where you from. johnos from italia new york bab i see stop playing with him. damn we see your fit describe it. right quick what that describe your. outfit my outfit uhhuh z. your top got a little got. a little got a little zip you know. keep me warm z. z your sweater cashmere baby. cashmir out of sight stop playing yeah got ceramica pants. these ain't nothing that's actually cool. this guy penman classic. john penman of oregon handmade you. know what i'm saying royal cap this. this will this will hold up. in 30° weather 20° weather. rainstorm coming down on it is 10x. bieber it's going to. keep you warm you know. that's right that's right talking about something. that isn't this exciting stp what would it. be top and bottom baby you know. that middle you know. what's so funny is how of course j. carlo espo is the happiest. man you know his career. just has gone he wasn't even. get getting really [ __ ] until he was 50 something you know oh and now he's in some show. that's coming out that looks absolutely terrible. that um the new show. that's coming out where he's like basically. it's the thing where like he gets famous. for playing i'm not saying he's bad he's not bad. he's great but he he he does. the one thing very well and now this is the this. is the show that's going. to tank because he's doing the thing. and this is the show where he's doing. the thing and everyone's just going. to be like oh we're we're done. also he's the lead role. um yeah i didn't know he was um italian. i guess the name is italian. yeah um what is this. [ __ ] pting scandal massive. theft translator changes story oh that's the key. that's the key dude. learn a different language and just speak that and have a translator if you [ __ ] up you can't get canceled nah i didn't say that the translator [ __ ] it up he's the one that said the nword it wasn't me he said i said it shi otani's lawyers say the dodger superstar has allegedly been the victim of massive theft reportedly accusing his now former interpreter oh okay of taking funds the interpreter i that's you can't really the one thing about this is he can't be does being an interpreter can't be like sorry i misinterpreted what he said you can't like you can't use that defense. so you're [ __ ] oh i thought he said 4.5 m ah four $450 now i get it oh i was wondering why i wanted to. wire transfer me $4.50 four 4.5 million okay. that that makes sense okay my my bad. i get him fired but but i i just misinterpret. uh he claiming on tuesday. that i was paying off. his gambling decks okay. so the interpreter said that. he was paying off his. gambling decks and then he changed. his story a day later however to. say otani was unaware of the. payments mura who has been working with otani for. more than six years. was in soul korea uh with otani and the dodgers. and they opened a 20. 2024 mlb regular season. i don't know wow that's pretty wild. i guess it's boring. right but for wait billion. million oh million yeah gambling. debt well that was well. remember what's his name. supposedly had a 50 million apparently that's fake but um obviously he otani wasn't happy. about it and said he would help. me out to. make sure i never do this. again missour said oh yeah he decided to. pay it off for me. i want everyone to. know wow oh so they're so so they're saying that. the baseball player was is. is bad cuz he was betting. but he now he's saying yeah. no he never did right. but he wanted people to. know that he didn't right. wow crazy crazy crazy um and cb inced this was wild saudi. arabia's first male robot perving out. how is that by the way. check that's someone check that. that's a robot that that. that i mean you know. what i mean it. could be like the um the [ __ ] things in uh the super bowl that the creator made this could easily be just a a guy with a [ __ ] mask on. if you wanted to. if you want it to. grow up you just do it. you could just do that. right there whoopsie that's that. would have been amazing. look here we go say. robot what are you doing and he just says she was asking for it. she shouldn't have been walking. down that ala at night. she wasn't she's a news. reporter well she shouldn't have been wearing that a blazer and pants. well what about all that ass. what about all that ass. programmed who made this robot uh. wait was [ __ ] okay makes sense it was uh robin thick robin thick. dude remember when he remember when he they took he took that picture with the girl. with the woman and he and they took the picture. of him and behind the camera. captured the mirror behind him and his hand was fully in the girl's. [ __ ] it's fully in the girls. vagina and they were like what. the dude if that was now. he'd be beheaded robin just look. it up i shouldn't even bring it. up it's be h. it it wouldn't matter the guy. too big to. get canceled um uh uh uh you see it. how what what do you type. in uh vagina grab mirror. picture there it is you see it. it's in there dude well look he got his hand. in there i mean it's just straight. up in there dude. dude that is so that's who made the robot. i am sorry she shouldn't have been wearing that. she shouldn't be walking down the alley. late at night like that. all alone maybe when was this. by the way does it say. see this is crazy like i you know. what i mean if i did this there' be nine articles about it. um 2013 yeah back when back when you could kind of just like you know. do whatever um wow so funny. well i got uh i got i got you know. i gota be honest. part of me just wants to. watch those newscaster videos and because they're so [ __ ] funny dude. it's the ultimate maybe we watch these that deserve a skills. get [music] me well. we know what's going to. happen here i mean if the right. one's not going to. get you the left one's going. to get you you know. then what you know. what he deserves that. just for what he's wearing this. is a [ __ ] dick tracy villain. like to be in this. suit alone is crazy. to be in the suit. doing this is insane deserved it. a 10 that's a 10. we found a 10 dude. we rarely get 10 that's a 10. oh okay the top comment. is dressed like that you deserve it. there we go there. you go here we go surfing over. a table wow that. didn't go the way. i thought i was going. to i thought he was going. to go fly and he didn't even. get there dude let's see hold. on let's see what that. is what number out of 10. 10 10 you didn't get that. hurt so 10 i kind of wish you got a little more. hurt on that one. honestly that one was okay. he was see probably seemed like he was okay. um okay stomping on a metal. bar no that's a fake that's no it's not. fake huh cuz the way. they got laughed you know. it was his friend. dude watch what happened step. on a thing that's like an eight. maybe oh wait i already i that. one so that that one okay that's like an eight. um let's see over here. bro i can't believe let me. think about firecrackers like if you're over eight 17. and you're playing with firecrackers. what are you doing dude. what are you what are you doing. there's there's exceptions like if you have kids. and they want to. see firecrackers and you're 40 and you i so you like them you know but if you're doing it like oh dude check this one out. you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] oh man now you do go over there here oh you're doing that you're i [ __ ] more firecrackers are the thing that you after like age. 16 you just go oh wait. it's really just seeing a bunch. of lights i am done. with that there's all the versions of this. i've seen all of the pretty much all of the versions. of this all good pack it. up but some people will just be like hey you going. to the fireworks right. and then people just blindly like yeah. why cuz it's a certain date. and we're near a ferris wheel. right because it's always right. and so like if you're over 16. [ __ ] with fireworks and you're not part of the exception. you just kind of deserve it. whatever happens look swinging around swinging. it around that is fantastic. swung it around like he's uh got one. of those um one of those bad. guy like in a jun club vanam movie. they like a chain with the hook. at the end of it. and swing it around his body and it just lit him up dude oh [ __ ] he got [ __ ] the back of his head oh he's [ __ ] he got [ __ ] i love how he hasn't noted one word dude his hair's gone in the back that guy didn't get blind. wow that's a 10 maybe the way he reacted was great. the way he reacted made it a 10. cu he jumped a little bit. and his foot went up. oh dude whose fault is. that the driv no yeah. well no no it's the drive. well it's the it's both their faults. equally no it's probably the passenger's fault. a little bit more it's got to. be you don't put [ __ ] up on the do one time i was driving with my brother. and i had like a a information on. a piece of paper this. is before cell phones and i needed the information. and i was driving home. from school and i gave it. to my brother i said hold. this the windows were open. i said hold this. i need it it's important. uh give it to. me when we go. home and he says and he goes all. right takes it put it on the dashboard. i said no don't do. that it's going to. blow away he's like no it's not i'm like yes it is it's on the dashboard. the windows are open i was like it's going. to blow away he's like no. it's not i promise. how about this i promise. it's not going to. blow away and i said really and he said yeah. i said okay it [ __ ] goes like this. like dude it taunted us. it it literally was going. like this part was the part. was going [ __ ] you matt and matt goes to. try to grab it. it goes it like dude. it was like a cartoon it was and we laughed so hard. dude but i was mad and i i i don't know that's crazy. um wow tinder here we go. some tinder man i can't. believe i've never been on a dating. app in my life it's just never happened. i'm hurt he says what. had happened i was short. question mark i mean was shot. by gun oh wow oh my god go to. the hospital already there he says why. are you on what why. are you on grinder and then he says i'm looking for and he says i'm looking for i'm looking. for a longterm relationship dude. wow this is ultimate funny because it's got the typo the reveal. of what happened and then just the obvious. nature of what this guy's asking. i'm hurt what had happened. what had happened so black to. be like what had happened. um i'm hurt what had happened. i was short question. mark i was shot. by a gun oh my god go. to the hospital already there why you on. grinder i'm looking for longterm. relationship dude this that's like a greto marks joke. holy [ __ ] that's hilarious. that is so funny send it to. my friends here's another one. uh appropriate i okay it. says let's look at it. i don't get why y. think this is an appropriate. eighth message i have the opposite. issue it always reigns when i'm working and i don't get to. enjoy like i want to. and then the other person says i [ __ ] with rain. as well but i like clear. skies on it at least. one on at least one. of my day off days or something. i don't know what they said. what do you like to. get into on days you. get both clear weather and schedule. i don't know what that means. just try and get outdoors and [laughter]. active bro people are just so insane. online the guy writes just try and get outdoors and active. then right after that he right. he writes sometimes a massive pair. of titties and the other person. writes dude and then they write. my bad lol they don't give a [ __ ] dude. it's the least effort on on. these dating apps bro. just try and get i mean. dude wouldn't work you know. wow good ss ah people are the worst. huh anyway that's it. you guys have have a good time. uh go to my website. chris dot com to. get some tickets i'll be in your city. add new cities all. the time and uh that's it. f we're having a good time. have a good have a good one. see you [music] guys. [ __ ] than you than 