 foreign [music] hey guys what's going on. it's a new day. dude congratulations podcast uh welcome. to the new episode of congratulations. [music] i can't wait for minneapolis. this weekend i can't. wait for minneapolis on saturday. milwaukee friday the day before and then i gotta take a month. off i'm taking a month. off i think uh until may. when i go to. columbus and cincinnati ohio. uh and i just announced. dates in pueblo. colorado where is it colorado springs. colorado where is it in tucson. arizona uh i've been there once um so go to. chrissy dot com get tickets. i'd be in salt lake. be in a bunch of different. places and all that [ __ ] um the great. thing about today is i'm nauseous. as [ __ ] so that's awesome. that's just great that is. just fantastic that i'm so nauseous. it's so fantastic i'm so nauseous. and it's so fantastic. that no matter what for two. weeks my tummy is going to. be doing all sorts of things. so that's great dude. camp can't even i mean that's just so great so thank god. dude it's like winning. the lotto only you um have to. keep going potty and also you think maybe you might throw up. so that's great dude. i mean i'm so happy. about that um and uh i got my new sunglasses. they're red so everybody. watch out i'm gonna be looking a little bit spicy. uh and uh i do have yellow. sweats on so i was walking. around today pretty spicy. and i got red sunglasses on. and yellow sweats on. walk around pretty spicy. so it's all good and i was thinking. about man a lot. of people are like dude. you're 42 or whatever the you know. you're 40 what what are you what. are you trying to. do with your the way. you dress and it's like you know yeah. and then i actually was in austin. uh i did my shows. and i'll get to. that they were great but i was leaving. austin and i ran into. james marsden who's like the nicest guy. in the world you know. and he was like hey chris and i was like oh what's up. dude and we shook hands. and then i walk away. and i was like how you been he's like you live. in austin i'm like nah. uh i'm just doing a show here. and maybe he lives in austin. i have no idea but i walked away. and i'm like man that sound really like there's a like he looks good. he's a handsome dude. he's aged well and like he's just dressed well. and i'm like i dress like i'm in a hoodie. and like and then i'm like man. i'm 40 something years old. and like people are like yo why you dress. like that and it's like maybe i just need to. start dressing with like button downs. and a really nice blazer. you know and just a really nice blazer. with like nice jeans. and those shoes that like you know the like kind of they're not their boots i guess. but like you just slip them. on and then they're like the the kind that. like you you like the town. is just gentrified and then the people are wearing those boots and i'm like man. you that's the kind of thing. that's the kind of guy that's the kind of guy. i want to. be like though that's what james. marsden is like he's like the kind of guy. you see him and you're like ah maybe i gotta like maybe i gotta like buy some sort of like. v like like or like a crew neck. from you know maybe i should go. to like j crew you see that's the kind of guy. i gotta be like dude. you know it's like we talk. about grower grow or die. that's what i talk about on. that's what i taught on this. podcast and it's like dude. yeah but also i just keep flossing. with these hoodies i just keep. getting real nice with it. of course dude he keeps adding laces to. the shoes because that's what the hype. bees say and ah you know it's not like i've got an over. the shoulder bag but dude. i keep the i keep the sweats cuffed and then when they said go. wide at the end your boy. bought once that were white. at the end you know. they bunch up real nice. over the laces so it's like all right. but maybe people see me and they're like i gotta get more. hip i don't know dude. but all i'm saying is you see. james marsden in the airport and you start. to doubt your ways. because that dude's got a nice smile. dude and he looks in your eyes. and it's just like man. i don't know i'm impressionable. what can i say babies. i'm impressionable but aren't we all in a bit uh maybe we're not all. maybe we're not all impressionable but my gosh. dude was i not at if i if i were to. tell you i was not at jones. on third in studio. city eating some broccolini and tuna right. before i was just unloading. in the toilet i'd be someone else because that's what happened. to me if if you picture. me an hour and a half. ago just not unloading the sarlacc. pit you know what i'm talking. about just absolutely well. that's the most disgusting. way anyone's ever put it but i mean. man it was so bad. and then i was so bad. that i almost i thought i was going. to start throwing up. yes dude i just was nauseous. man and i still am but we fight through it. and we do the podcast. don't we we fight through. it we do the podcast. because i'm here for you. i'm here for you. dude and a lot of people but you know i've been flirting. with maybe ending the podcast or whatever but not really but you know what i mean but i think about it. right because it's like how long is this. podcast gonna go and we need to. make this log cabin already. maybe we'll just make the log cabin maybe every podcast will be live from now. on just in the log cabin. in the tall grass you. know cause i guarantee if i had a log cabin. and some tall grass people. would move and go there. i know i have enough fans. you know but it's like i don't know. maybe i'll just keep it. online keep it virtual i'm not sure. i thought that the metaverse. was going to be a thing. for a while and it's obviously not gonna be a thing. yet uh but it could be it. could be coming up soon. but i'm happy you're here with me. and uh and we're gonna keep doing this. podcast yes dude we're gonna keep doing. this podcast we can't stop it um they're gonna kill. people in uganda if you're gay. huh that's pretty crazy. they're gonna kill people in uganda. if you're gay you die. and that's insane how about that and america's. up in arms about that. and then people are like well we got enough. problems don't be so up in arms about another country. when we know that china and you know. russia are pretty much on their way. to just nuking us but that's you know. that's neither here nor. there when somebody's in uganda saying stuff. like you know don't identify. i look if i think if you're gay. be gay be gayish be honestly. be so gay like be so gay. to where you're just dancing. everywhere and just roller skating. but in uganda you can't even be like i'm gay. or you get killed and that is absolutely. unreal the the the it never stops you. never the thing things never stop you. know i'm talking about and i know that. really be basic but things absolutely never. stop like uh they they used to. kill gays and then it was celebrated and then everyone you you know thought back when the grecian people used to. literally have sex with other. guys and think it was manly. they used to. think it was like that. like if you didn't do it. they're like you're gay you don't you. don't [ __ ] guys okay what are you a woman. you know what i mean. and like and like then it became out of fashion. and then in fashion. and now uganda is just like let's start. this over all over again. let's just start killing and that's just. too much i think everyone should be totally totally totally gay. and a matter of fact. if you don't [ __ ] any guys as a guy in your whole life. i think you personally i think you need to. be stoned and here's the deal. i have not done it. yet but i'm only i'm uh you know. 42 i'm i'm a spring chicken. especially when it comes to. gays because dude you ever see a really old gay. guy that guy's floating. i mean that's the most gay. guy and that's awesome and i can't wait to. be there because if i'm not if i don't if i don't look dude. if i don't [ __ ] one guy in my life. for real stone like i stone i think i also think it's super gay. of uganda to. be like hey we're gonna kill. you if you're gay because really that's means. they're all secretly gay. if you have a problem with something that has nothing to. do with you you've got some issues. in with inside of yourself. like i used to. say this on my first special i said if you met your friend and he was always like dude. [ __ ] butterfingers huh. butterfinger butterfingers are [ __ ] [ __ ] you'd be like what happened between him and a butterfinger yeah anus pretty much if you've got a problem with some it has nothing to. do with you it was in your anus. you know what i mean. so you got a problem with gays yeah. guys enjoy this um anyway. these are the kind of hardhitting facts. that we talk about here at the congratulations. podcast but i just think it's a big. uh you know i think it's a i think it's a big. issue when we talk about the hardhitting issues. here um i think uh you know. i want to. be in a world where it's just fine. to be whatever you want. and except for pedro pascal. because he's just in too. much [ __ ] the last of us was it that's the you know what's got to. be crazy when you're a star. like that and you just go like this. oh this is the year. like josh brolin in 2021. or 2020 i think it was or maybe even 19. yeah it was 2019. where he's like oh this. is my year i mean. end game i'm in all sorts. of [ __ ] you know what i mean. he i like i'm a model. i wrote a book. whatever he did i have a cooking. show you know it's like uh oh dude. this is it this is your year. and when i have that year. for me i'm [ __ ] so many dudes [music]. i can't wait to. see renovations honestly jeremy renner's coming. out with renovations i'm going. to the premiere he invited. me to it and it's on i can't. wait to do it there's a q. a afterwards i'm gonna meet him. and i can't wait dude. that song by dmx ready. to meet him that's about. me and jeremy renner um so yeah uganda get it. come on dude get it. together uganda dude. send me over there guys. guys guys guys guys guys guys listen. i think the problem lies. within yourself um i didn't even. know by the way that digital blackface. was a thing i saw this. article on cnn cnn is i'm i fully. believe that it's just trolling. at this point cnn it. is so weird that look fox news. is say what you want. about journalism used to. be awesome right journalism used. to be great like in the 80s. and [ __ ] it used to. be a bluecollar job that people would have and they would fight. for the common man. none of the journalists had degrees. and then all of a sudden it. became in fashion why because the movies. [ __ ] it up dude movies would come out. and there were like every third. movie was about a journalist just like hey i'm trying. to get to the bottom of this. and like a cool guy. in like a tweed jacket that. was like you know uh sarcastic and smarmy would take down. the man and then people wanted to. do that because rich. people saw those movies and were like i want to. be a journalist so they went. to school for it and now they're in their ivory terror towers and they don't know [ __ ] about what's going on with the common. man they're just like oh dude. i wanna you know. i want to. talk about these issues that don't matter. and so they're now who's the new york. times for who's cnn for it's for [ __ ] woke. women who are 50 years. old that feel good because they feel guilty they. feel guilty so they feel good. for fighting for issues. about things that don't even. really matter and they're subscribing. to the new york. times it's a 10 million subscriber. base a year and that's balling for them. dude and cnn they've got the what they so they they say. oh you might be here's the thing. too the article about digital. blackface they don't know what the [ __ ] what to. know about digital blackface. what is digital blackface. and is it wrong. when white people use it. how about how uh if you just put white. in the uh title people will. click it digital blackface. here's the here's the here's how the um so digital. black so here's what it. is digital blackface even. though it's nothing what it is is they say. when you use a gif. or a meme or a picture online. and post it in reaction to. something and the picture is of a black person. overly emotional or sassy. then you're doing what's known. as you're committing digital blackface. okay now we all know. that that's absolutely nothing because sometimes. you just pick a meme and you use it. now they were saying if you use the meme. where the person's like. ain't nobody got time for that. okay and you know what i could. you could argue that to. me and i could be like all right. i get how if a white person. uses that they might think it's funny. because the black person is being super black and sassy. you know and what they know. to be black and sassy. and so they're perpetuating that. you know stereotypical so even though. already it's a fine. line when you say that. because like dude i'm not thinking about that. [ __ ] if i post a meme which i don't do but like ah and i wouldn't post it ain't. nobody got time for that. meme or whatever but here's the thing. if you call white. people racist about everything. then you're just gonna lose allies. right if if if so let's go back. to that so if you're talking. about that meme okay. i'll still think it's ridiculous but fine. but then they went on to. say the tyra banks one where she's like yelling. at someone i'm like i don't even know. that one and then i looked it. up and it's like it's just tyra banks. yelling they're not using it. because she's black they're using it. because she's tyra banks and then they said the jordan the michael jordan crying. meme and i'm like okay you know. what you lost me. dude nobody's posting this [ __ ] meme because michael jordan's. black they're doing it because it's michael. jordan and it's michael jordan crying. so guess what you lost austin. am i yes and here's the deal. if you are pushing me. that far you're losing an ally. and guess what it's just it's it's digital. blackface is now nothing blackface is something you know every now and then you get somebody where they're like still how about the people who are still doing it in hall on the halloween just fully knowing they're going to. lose money and jobs. and they're just like well yeah i mean. but if we're gonna dress up as denzel washington and pelican brief i mean. how are people going to. know we're just gonna look like a white guy. in a suit oh you know. what i'll do it. i'll do it i'll pay. yeah i'll probably make my face. brown and not black you know. so um but yeah man i don't really uh i don't know. so i think that cnn is. fully in the business of guys. like me because i was talking about this. with my brother and he was like dude. who who would who would agree. with this like 70. 17 of people and i was like no way. like four and he was like no. but that's not a good business. model but i think the business. model is just getting clicks because in. a sense when you click on something. you're funding they're they're [ __ ] you're funding. it in a sense you're seeing the ads. you're seeing the you know. and they pay for it and so they pay for the the con. the the the the [ __ ] the they pay for the ad. space right and i just uh i don't think cnn. gives a [ __ ] where their clicks. are coming from anymore. right and i guess i was talking about this. with kristen and they were like well that's why. joe rogan is so big now. and i guess you know he's because he's very unbiased it. seems you know he's just kind of talking. to people from both sides. of everything i don't know dude. whatever this is honestly. let's talk about pants because it's too much. it's too much but i was in how could you believe. anything the media says period. crazy crazy hey guys let's take a break. i want to. talk to you about mood. um look whether you're new to. cannabis or an old pro. there's no denying that. many of the products on the market. seem at best honestly iffy uh and when when you want. to relax iffy that is not how you want to. feel is it no it's not. uh mood puts an end. to guessing games it's 100. federally legal delta 8 and delta. 9 thc you could. have shipped straight to. you no doctors no waiting just affordable legal thc one. and ivan say this is the way. to shop for weed. which is uh you know. they never lie you shop by mood. like focus euphoric or creative. uh the product is incredible. and priced great they've been. enjoying you for it. gummies uh they've been doing they told me. the fruity crispy treats. and the thc moon rocks. and they did it. easily dude okay uh one of them's not the most. tech savvy and he did it. and it got here fast. mood offers federally legal forms of thc extracted from hemp. plants all of their products are. regularly thirdparty tested in drug enforcement. agency registered labs sourced from small family farms and grown organically however you like to. take thc mood has you covered. great for both beginner and veteran users. yippee great tasting gummies classic. flower convenient prerolls whatever yada yada. so much more ready for a good time. without the guesswork okay well order. your thc products from mood. today and for 20. off your first order and free. gummies go to hellomood dot com. and use promo code. congrats that's just for our listeners that's hellomood dot com. promo code congrats for 20. off your order and free gummies. thanks crazy um i feel like uh i went to. all first of all i did. the shows in where was i midland. oh midland dude hey. midland what are you. hey midland you got mid. in the title hey you're bad hey midland you might as well call yourself okaysville hey midland you might as well what was it between midland and ho hum. city hey midland you got me. hey try harder you know. dude and they were like well there's actually a lot. of money in midland. okay where i just saw flat. space i get that there's oil there but it's like hey i said a lot. of money here oh yeah. yeah you got big people with a lot. of money here oh yeah. where do they live dallas. hey it's not midland it's an hour. away dude midland has an 81 million. dollar theater that i played. okay uh did i sell it. out no why because midland uh was it a great. show yes the people were awesome. there in midland but even they were like why. are we here and the only reason. that night why people were there. was because me and they made an 81 million. dollar but which by the way. the theater is to. the nines we love it. and i'll go back but why was it. there i guess they're trying. to make [ __ ] popping but dude. it was literally in the middle. of nowhere i put on my instagram. story people were like why are you here. and then i looked at my tour. manager and i was like why am i here then went to. austin did two shows. in austin do by the way. my tour manager was like. hey so we booked. midland and then we got austin. and i said great. and he said here's the thing. and i said no no come back. to me before you have. to get to the point. where you say so here's the thing. so rewind get rid of the point. in your life where the thing. happened to where you now. need to come to me. and say so here's the thing. fix that and then come up. to me and say good. to go all right. whenever i hear here's the thing. from my tour manager. i go like this okay. well here we go i'm bracing. for impact right so he says we're doing. midland and then we're doing. austin we gotta fly into. midland it's it's connected already. connecting i don't want to. do it a connecting flight. is basically it's it's it's just i so don't want to. connect on a connecting flight. that i would rather almost not. do the gig okay but i just say yes because i figure whatever it's a city. and i don't think about the flights and then months. down the line where figuring out what. to do with the tour. and i'm like okay [ __ ] i guess we got to. do a connective fight. so we connect to. midland so great so then he says but and i go. oh boy here we go. and he says austin is. an hour flight away but there's no direct flight. and that's when the bee the blood red meter. just it's at the top of my eyes. right i'm bloods bloods just rising and i go and i'm like so then what the [ __ ] why don't we drive. and he says it's a six hour. drive blood all the way. up above oh now it's at the top. right and i'm supposed because don't. route those two cities together it's so [ __ ] when two cities are close together and you can play them together but you can't take a direct flight and then it's like well look into. a private jet and it's like oh but it's 20k and you're like okay well cancel everything. i'm going to sleep. so he said so what do you want. to do and i said here's what i want. to do i want to. drive through the night after my midland. show because i'm not staying in midland. for one extra [ __ ] [ __ ] sucking second so then i'm like get this is very important get the what do you call it sprinter van. where the shit's lay down. and we and we could watch like some [ __ ] dope like korean. show where we could just binge. it all night to. where we're watching the the actors dub just like hi. where have you been well i've just been out. i had dinner with megan and the subtitles. are wrong brunch i had brunch. with susan it says and you're just like all. right you know we gotta pick one. but um subtitle or voiceover. so uh he says okay. i'll do it i said but make sure that they bring the right. sprinter van he says i put it in the notes. i said all right. great so we get done. with the midland show now. we're supposed to. get into the van. and drive to. austin and my tour manager. comes up to me and he says so here's the thing. and i go no rewind your life. to where you have to. where you got to. the point where you're good. we're gonna have to. say so here's the thing. to me and fix it. i'm not a bad guy. please work with me here. and he says they showed up. with the wrong sprinter van and i said what. do you mean and he says they don't have the layback. seats and i go well we got to. drive through the night and he says i know so they're going to. get a different van and they're gonna be back. in a half an hour. and i say great. that's a little bit annoying. but it's way better and they're gonna have a tv. okay there was no tv. in the one that came with and they said great. i said great because the mystery is it. going at this point because sometimes problems arise. and i understand that and it's not going. to make anything better by. getting mad and half an hour. i could wait a half. an hour in this green. room i'm just chilling with. lou gonzalez and then he love and you know. sam my videographer and [ __ ] enrique we're having a good. time do it 30 minutes. past and he comes back. and he says so here's the thing. and i say no it's the third. time you say so here's the thing. about this moment to. me no and he says it'll be a few more. hours if you want that. van or just take this. van and i say i've dealt with all i can at this. point he says but the good thing. is you're not going to. pay for it and i say oh well that is a good thing. because it's about you know it's thousands. of dollars to get this. van and take the ride. so now i don't have to. pay for it okay but let's get in the van. and go to. austin and it's going to. take six hours and it's 12. 30 already at this point and we got to. stop at whataburger you know because it's gonna be there. and i'm a [ __ ] pig and i'm gonna have to. eat two burgers because one. burger is a snack. and it doesn't come appetite. dude so we get in the thing. dude the seats not only do they go back. i think they're a little bit forward. i'm like this and they're so bad. and we stop at whataburger. now i don't have to. pay for the ride so i'm a little bit happy. for it but also i'd rather. just pay the [ __ ] and have to. lay down shits and watch a korean drama. no tv no no sitting no you know. my videographer's on the floor. we're gonna crash he's just gonna lose. all of his body parts so we get to. the uh whataburger and they're like have you ever. had whataburger and i said yeah. but i don't remember and they say dude. top five lulu gonzalez says it's in my top. five burgers and i say really. i don't remember that and she says it is. because innout's trash and i go like this. you're lost to me. in and out to. me the best burger staying power. out the wazoo and then people are like yeah but the fries. suck dude if you're going. to a burger place. because of the fries. your priorities are all. mismatched yes yes i [ __ ] think of the good things so i'm just like all right. let's get a whataburger. what do we get now. my tummy has been on fire. and gurgling and making my anus. open up like a sarlacc. pit for about two weeks. now so this burger situation. i gotta be real careful. but then i noticed they've got a jalapeno burger. so i go like this. without thinking one please but then i also don't want. to get the thing that isn't the regular thing. at whataburger because i want the regular thing. at whataburger so i know where to. rank it in my burgers. of course yes i think about the right. thing so i also get a double. cheeseburger because that's regular my baby. so i say what jalapeno burger. you know sayonara to. this tummy and then also a regular one because i just want. to try both now they showed up. i ain't [ __ ] both of them. all of them yes did i leave one. by left over on either of them. no dude so i ate the two whataburgers and honestly. dude i gotta tell you they're all. they're good and that's it. and i said the fact that this. is in the top five. is absolutely bonkers i could. name so many burgers. better than whataburgers so the people from texas. that love whataburgers and the people from the south. are like whataburger is the [ __ ] i know what you're doing dude. i absolutely know what you're doing. you're just trying to. be in the game you. try to have an interesting. opinion because whataburger you. want it to. be the dark horse but let me. tell you something dude. it's not the dark horse. it's fine and then i ate a dude. danny love agreed with me. he was like this is kind of okay. it's mid it was mid and i don't even say. that and i've been to. midland and uh so we leave. we go back to. to austin we get there. at 6 30 a.m now. we have been up because here's the thing. too because we went to. we were gonna fly in the day. before on midland look. at that [ __ ] look at that. dude my tricep isn't even it's not even. flappy i mean it's a little flat. but if that's muscle but dude. so we we were gonna fly. in the middle of the day. before because i do that. i like to get my rest. right i used to. go the day of but now i'm like 42. and i'm like dude i don't want to. be tired so i used to. fly the day i used. to fly the day. out but now i fly the day. before to get my rest. but then what i did. was instead of that because the flight was going. to be delayed and we weren't going. to make and we were going. to maybe not make our connection. i was like [ __ ] it let's just go tomorrow. morning so we flew the day. of to midland so we got we had. to leave we didn't get picked up at 4am so we got about 3. 30 right so which means we didn't you know i go to. bed you know i'm a [ __ ] car i go to. bed at one so i got we all. had two hours of sleep. meet david sullivan and sam. the videographer who my son. calls him sam the guy because we have sam. the dog and now he calls him. sam the dog and he was call. him sam the guy the whole time. i was like i'm gonna die. guy and he says because we have sam the dog. and i was like oh my heart. melted so anyway we got other plane. had no sleep got on the van. uh the sprinter no sleep. on the sprinter i got maybe an hour. or two david sullivan sat up. like this the whole time. i can't sleep man. because i'm sharing the scene. with enrique ting and so we get to. san antonio at night [ __ ] yeah this is so interesting. and we get there at 7 00 a.m and david sullivan. dude i wake up at 1pm and i see texts. from david sullivan at the golf. course he was there. at [ __ ] nine dude he was there at 9am. with a bright orange shitty. golf shirt and shorts. that were too baggy dude. i and i'm like here i am. like why do you even. have that like did you pack that shirt. bro did you know. you're gonna be doing this. [ __ ] he had a total of two hours of sleep for two whole days three days actually two nights. so i'm like bro you're gonna die. there comes a moment where you're not you. don't even just you don't even sleep. you just like you're so tired. that you don't fall asleep. you pass away right. that's gonna be david david's gonna be like this. like he's gonna be man. i'm tired just and so so he's so tired. and then you know i'm [ __ ] at whataburger. and he's [ __ ] [ __ ] at whataburger. and he won't go to. sleep and so we did. the show and then he helped [ __ ] run the cameras. for the show and then afterwards. dude it was 3 a.m and we were eating. velvet taco which is banging dude. now i know what i look. at all there's all the [ __ ] i eat literally this is what the [ __ ] tummy is so april when i have a month off dude i'm gonna be eating salads and [ __ ] walking uphill with lunges dude. it's gonna be insane man. i'm gonna look so good come. [ __ ] me in cincinnati. when i'm in cincinnati. come may in cincinnati. when i come to. cincinnati dude i'm gonna look so good jason. momoa is going to. be like oh [ __ ] i've decided something i'm going. to do movies. again i'm going to. do movies again. and i'm going to. do tv again and there's nothing anybody can do. about it i'm gonna [ __ ] be on the [ __ ] and i'm going to. be acting so good and you're gonna be blown. away uh blown away dude. blown away i'm gonna play a guy. who stutters i'm gonna play a korean guy. no makeup i'm gonna be playing i'm gonna you think i'm not gonna play. a twink i'm gonna play a twink dude. and i'm gonna guess what i'm gonna do. no research and i'm just gonna come in blow. the doors off not get nominated. for [ __ ] because of we know the woke environment but you're gonna know secretly that your boy needs. to be nominated and i'm being dead. dude i'm gonna play a woman. a woman not a trans. woman a woman i know trans. women are women but a woman from just like you. know what i'm talking about like ben shapiro would be like that's a one. that's a woman like that. that kind of woman that's what i'm gonna. play dude trans women are women. or whatever you know i don't know. dude i don't care i don't know like some people are like yeah. but don't stay silent. or it's perpetuating that nah. dude guess what zip that's it. unzip because i got to. do the podcast but zip do it. like i'm not i don't i don't care. about all the issues. yeah i don't give a [ __ ] oh but that's your privilege. okay how about that. dude and you know what people are doing. right now they're listening to. me they're going like this. [ __ ] yeah you're right dude i'm gonna i feel that way. but you can't say it because you got a regular job. but i can because i'm on patreon. and i can because i do stand. up and dude. you know what man. it's great i can't. wait to do this. special and have it come out. man this [ __ ] is [ __ ] bonkers what if i was the kind of comedian that was like dude we're gonna change the game with this special hey guys now that my shit's out the games change dude we had to. change they're trying to. silence us dude they can't i love that [ __ ] like like and that's so funny when people just have like a [ __ ] inflated selfimportance dude whatever i'm [ __ ] so important i'm a run for [ __ ] governor previously on the governor starring chris d'elia that's gonna be me on abc dude when i come back and just [ __ ] acting as a woman governor not somebody who's trans ben shapiro is going to. be like oh it's crystalia. i thought it was a woman. he's really good [music]. previously on the governor hey guys you really need to. pass that bill [music]. previously on the governor i love you. but it's different because god there's so many judges [music]. previously on the governor no i know but god move away. move lobbyists i'm trying to. get to my meeting wow. no nothing about [laughter]. oh dude nobody grows up. and says one day i'm gonna be a lobbyist. it's never happened it's happened more. where people say when i grow up. i'm going to be a crack. [ __ ] [music] previously on crack. [ __ ] starring crystalia i really no you have to. you you have to. use one i'm scared of st. previously on crack [ __ ] starring crystalia. it's 25 dollars [music] previously on. crack horse during crystalia i'll do. it for 12. okay um previously. on crack [ __ ] starring crystalia freeze oh. no not again at least. i'm not a lobbyist. um yeah do it somebody wrote me. and they were like i can't believe you. did a post about digital. blackface uh i really [ __ ] with you for a while now but you know you said some things that really irked me about my community i i don't even know if it was a black person i suppose it wasn't they were like um you know you're saying things that really irk me how could you do this when my community is in shambles and i'm just like i just read it and i go like this huh but also everything's in shambles you know i don't know i don't know oh god no idea um i actually uh i'm good dude i want to. get you added man. i am mean i am fighting. nausea the whole time here. so that's cool i uh i'm gonna try. and not dude you know what i i pat. me myself on the backboard dude. i did [ __ ] shows this week and i had two in one day i didn't lose. my voice yeah so that means i think my voice. will be okay for shooting my special. um on saturday in minneapolis. uh what's it gonna say. about the [ __ ] uh sit with me but sit with me guys sit with me for a second because i can't i can't remember what the hell i was gonna say and it was gonna be absolutely great. it was gonna blow the. dollar so i was gonna change the podcast. game um too many. people have a podcast. huh i saw podcast. the other day and guys were just you know. what they were doing they're just talking. and it's like dude don't have that. i feel like i have to. go to the bathroom. i'll be right back. uh i'm back man i'm just relaxing bro. i'm just relaxing i had to. go potty i can't. help it i i i i'm it's like oh oh oh this this. clip dude is so funny to. me this guy is the most the [ __ ] guy of all time okay where are you working bro. you got plenty of cash plenty put you on my black i got somebody for y'all. you know what i'm saying bro. this hair is a hat you know with a brimp yeah. what's your type you like black white. i like white girls more. better okay so could not i like white. girls more better words in other words. pog pod that's what i like yeah. are you being a politician. about it in other words. park fat ass white. girls we gonna hold you. up [ __ ] to. do not someone dude. they're so trolling him does. he know this guy is so a guy i would be friends. with in high school. in new jersey i can't. even believe it dude. i would denying you my name. right here joshua henderson. all right bro all right. bro we're gonna holler. forget that taking it our. name be the last thing. you'll ever hear a little bit. of the word bro all right. bro are you taking it what's his mouth. doing dude in the middle of the guy's dog. he's just like good luck. i got it gotta go. back to that part dude. that's my favorite part i. mean that is so funny. to me hold. on come on okay. here we go oh the snow. rabbit here we go. yeah other [ __ ] so what's your name again. bro before we go bro. cause we gotta go. man hang on we ain't. gonna hold you up. i ain't gonna lie. to you what's your name. here my name joshua. henderson all right bro oh since you're swallowing so much. forget that may my name be the last time. singing voice bro all right. bro all right you take it. easy now bro dude hey good luck. don't forget about it. barack obama a little bit. about it ever um dude. that guy is so dope. god i would be that. guy's friend so hard. you can tell he's got the worst. breath of all time um i mean. there's no question that that. boy or man whatever. he is has the worst breath. of all time and it's okay. but joshua henderson is [ __ ]. oh oh his profile he is so dope. i mean the [ __ ] picture in the thing. what is it a regular video of his like okay. he's just dancing all. right well this guy's getting oh here we go. well it's not just pogs i. like king i like huge chungas too. as a member okay huge changas. um you know what is this. guy saying here what's up. y'all oh i wanted to. ask y'all something oh y'all. think i'm lightskinned or not. i mean wow izzy lightskinned. um fat ass white girls. i love that guy. who's saucy or him or the pope. is that is that that's not a real. jacket that he wore right. that's the ai [ __ ] dude ai looks so real it's i can't. like the pope image he looks so flossing. dude why didn't he do. that ai pope dude. you can't tell it's not. it's so this is ai. he didn't really wear this jacket oh. dude how do they do this. how do i do that. i want to. make ai stuff i can. do it really you could always tell because of the hands though. right let's see the pope. is absolutely oh even the hand. they got their hands okay. with this one no not really. um yeah the pope is uh he should dress. like that dude if the pope. really dressed like that in the ai. [ __ ] then more people would fall would be religious and it would and it would be like people would like it like cool [ __ ] would be religious they need a good pr too man i've been watching this chat this gpt or no sorry the the tick tock thing. about the uh should it. be banned or not dude. it is so hilarious. how the government is like oh and what about. scrolling you're just gonna let scrolling. happen and the guy's like excuse me can i know. okay i'm not done they're not. even letting them talk the guy. just is so obviously a good. guy you can just tell i don't give a [ __ ] should tick tock. be banned no here's the thing. we got way worse. [ __ ] in the world happening that's that we need to. worry about then [ __ ] tick tock. i don't give a [ __ ] have. all my information i didn't [ __ ] i don't care. dude you know this guy's so the the tick. tock [ __ ] dude about how they where's the the tick tock oh wait what the tick tock [ __ ] where the there's all that's ever come up why tick tock should just push this so here we go it's right here oh it was just right there for me here we go are neither new nor unique. to ticktock for example i was disturbed. by reports that tick tock. content modeling no she's actually being good. about it again we do not collect. body face or voice. data to identify our users they're looking at the eyes. how do you determine. what age they are then. um we rely on age. skating slk assurance gating which is when you ask the user. what hdr we have also developed. some tools where we look. at the public profile to. go through the videos that they post. to see whether that's creepy. tell me well that's creepy. tell me more about that. i mean so creepy. has his dick in his hand. well that's creepy tell me. more about that hold on. a second all right i'm ready. he's public so if you oh slam. them slander to infinity dude slam them to infinity right there you can pause the video that you choose that video to go public that's how you get people to see your video we look at those to see if you it matches up the age that you talked about slammed into infinity i've never seen a harder slam than that well he's public well that's creepy tell me more about that well it's public [music] industry because being so respectful it's a really big problem we're talking about tick tock children have died because of this do you have any idea can you tell watch this part uh congressman again is heartbreaking can you tell me how many children in america have died because of challenges like this the majority of people who use help platform use it for positive experiences that's not what i ask you can i ask you tell me the number of children of u.s children who have died because of these challenges dude just be like this two i don't know why does it why don't they just do that because the problem is he's being too much of a respectful adult dude they're really coming for that ass i don't know how many people how many people because say something how many people die because of whatever blank and the congress you know they're back on their heels again number dangerous changes look it up louder than our platform if we find them we will remove them we take this route obviously you found one today and you removed it we had to bring it to your attention i know i'm out of time thank you for being here welcome again to the most bipartisan committee in congress welcome remember i'm out of time and welcome to the time welcome to my back so lucky days ago well you know it's all good but i got you know he didn't tell me about the how many people died um he should have been like how many people how many people had the us government killed oh my god could you imagine they would have literally just shot him right there well i didn't like that answer man i still wanted to hear about you know the creepy thing i got my [ __ ] out well that's creepy tell me more about that that's a great sound why is that not a sound i think well that's creepy why don't you tell me more about. that people like creepy stuff. you know why is that why is that a turn. on why don't people like why. do people like uh secret stuff. why dude you know don't tell anyone. well that's creepy tell me. more about that well it's public. just slam them to. a [ __ ] the guy's spinning out another in a different world. what's with that dude. if i see going to. the power what is gwyneth. paltrow on trial for being too white. i don't understand every time. i look at it it's like well i was skiing. and he bumped into. me and then and then she's like it's so white woman. to be like and it was sexual. assault like what what was happening. what was happening gwyneth. paltrow what what did you do. what somebody's like i can't taste. anymore this is the whitest [ __ ] it's so white i was skiing he bumped into. me i'm gonna say it's sexual. assault and now he can't taste. anymore those are the things that i know about the case. it's too white they say. oscar's too white gwyneth paltrow. case too white and she's got the nerve. to dress like jeffrey dahmer with the sunglasses. or whatever everything is so gwyneth. paltrow here we go ski video. there's a ski video. oh did something happen oh she crashed. into someone and then a guy suing. her sanderson's original complete fought against patrick. that patrol allegedly skied out of control. and hit the back of terry sanderson another. skier who was downhill. knocking him it was down. on knocking him down. hard knocking him out and causing. a brain injury for broken ribs another i mean. jesus you know who's at fault. here in other words don't escape. the prisoners okay this is i mean. the whitest [ __ ] of all time. we will try to. get through you quickly we're at the end. of the day oh it's live. right now no way. dude no way who would watch this. dude i wouldn't even watch a johnny. depp thing [ __ ] kristen was glued to. that [ __ ] [ __ ] so white oh come on turn on please it's so hot in here hi anne um 69 got hospitalized uh from getting jumped that here's the thing about 69 getting uh jumped why did it happen. so late it happened so late i love too that. like he denied uh government. protection and it didn't. happen until i have it in the bathroom. of a 24 hour fitness. why the [ __ ] is six nine working out. like just be gross. you know what i mean. what does six nine. doing at the gym. imagine i'm on the treadmill with like big. jeans and just his hair flopping all. over just sweating so gross. stop like don't what bro rappers working. out is [ __ ] hilarious aren't they too cool i thought gangsters don't dance we boogie how you gonna work out you live weights though maybe but six nine went to. the bathroom of the uh the 24. hour fitness got jumped by some you know i don't know probably mexicans and [ __ ] smashed them up and you have to. be hospitalized because snitches. get stitches why did it take so long we don't know but he denied government. uh protection also i would have loved dude. if i was six nine i would have straight. up gone into hiding. like with government like uh protection program. i would have gone to. alaska hid still been me i would like cut my hair. a little bit and then still kept rapping. and then become another name i would have become another. i was still i would have made it. again and i would just call myself. 70. takashi 70 like [ __ ] it take all the stuff. and they like and then i just think it's amazing. that it took this long how amazing. would have been if just white guys just beat the [ __ ] out of them. snitches get stitches you know. that's it for the episode on youtube. if you want to. get the raw the uncut the unedited episode. go on over to uh patreon patreon. dot com crystallia and have added. six dollars and you get all. of the back loaded episode backlogged. episodes of uh of uh what do you call. it uh there's like 25. of them at this point. so go get it just six bucks. to get all that content thanks. very much [music] thank you. [music] 