 foreign the holidays are coming. up look look who i'm doing it. look at that the way. i'm holding it just dangling like that. but i also got a nice fat. one right there originalgrain dot com. lifeline dude i love watches. with a nice weight. with a nice heftiness makes me. feel like a man. use code lifeline for a total. of 30 off they are currently. running a 20 off. black friday deal right now. but using my link and code. will give you an extra 10. off so that makes it a total. of what 10 plus. 20. that's 30. i knew it that's the highest markdown. you're gonna get for the holidays. uh it's you know it's rare. it's rugged burl wood. check it out there's a larger face watch yep. this one's a little less. heavy than this one. but depends what you like comes. with a stopwatch timing system and calendar. date function i mean. it's crazy that's the back of the watch. to be engraved it's actually really. cool for like weddings and stuff. personalized message christmas and look holiday is coming up. you got to get gifts. who wouldn't want that also it's nice. in this personal forum. right you go yo love. you honey yo love you honey. engrave it and they get the burl wood. heftiness right on the wrist. like that rings also the sun that's are back. in stock what these sunglasses they're back. in stock now i look crazy. badass in them you could look crazy. about it yeah you could you know. be very sexy in them. not just me they're back. in stock they sold out. after the last ads and we have to. talk about it again. because they reupped they're back. so all you got to. do is use the code. lifeline at originalgrain dot com. lifeline to get 30. off and that's sitewide whoa. thirty percent off sitewide originalgrand dot com. baby check out it. could be silly too. not even just sexy but silly. so silly and sexy lifeline is an advice show for entertainment. purposes only if you need real help or advice please seek a therapist or licensed professional. [music] let's put it on. program because i know what that means and then we'll put on program. because i know what that. means and then we'll get it. to the thing okay great. let's do it here we go. we're going we're doing it. live do it live no swearing no. swearing for the first few minutes. point at me but no swearing for the first few minutes. because you know why. i do know why but don't point. at me that's like my thing. don't push me i'm wearing the merch. and get a chrysalia dot com. anyway she's like not just that's never will. i ease up so stop okay. man you know that's dub c. and it's so horrible uh you know you tell me on it. stop seeing you definitely don't need. to tell them in step. c because i do such a sick. impression that they know. exactly what it is okay. oh yeah i honestly. listeners probably don't even know who dubs he is. it's true i mean a lot. of you are the one. you are the one who does this. baby you are the one. you are the one you are the one. that was sick well maybe they know he was one. of the guys in west side connection. it was ice cube dub c. and mac 10. mark 10 dude. mactan just a gun you know. yeah dude yeah i did. machine gun just actually machine. actual gun you know. glock so dumb to. have that name gun. a guy yeah gun would be good. uh yeah so anyway i'm changing. my name to. gun okay i'm gundalia gundalia yeah gondolier what are those italian. boats yeah yeah um yeah so uh well look man. you know it's it's great. times are great and it's all good. life's unraveling i will be in lakeland. florida i will be in pull it up pull up pull up pull up pull up up up i'll be in lakeland florida. jacksonville florida i will be in seattle. portland oregon i will be in new york. i will be in uh san diego. or his mom would say san diego. i will be in san antonio i will be in sugarland. texas new orleans providence. rhode island i already said that. one chicago kansas city. springfield tulsa austin there's so many just go to. chrysler dot com get your tickets. i'm on tour my. babies i am on tour. my babies and i make great christmas. gifts i'm gonna throw my babies it's christmas. go pick up your alert. go pick your uh christmas. go pick up your stuff. if you got lifeline fans uh lifelinemirch dot com. got it right. congrats or you guys i'm not being a dumbo. for once in your life. uh good knock swearing if you got a question. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com or if you want oneonone advice sessions. with matt then just go to. matalia dot com mattdelia dot com. tuesdays and thursdays 1 35. 30 pacific time and let me ask you a question chris okay you haven't ever told me this okay but i guarantee i know it's true doesn't it piss you off when i specify what times i'm available on tuesdays and thursdays it doesn't piss me off but why do you do that oh i'll tell you why i don't understand first off is why it pisses you off it doesn't really piss me off a little bit though no it doesn't piss me off not even a little bit but but why though because people it's really just to. get to the pacific. time part people don't look at the time. zone and think it's they think it's their time. understood yeah which is very selfcentered thing. to think and so we got a lot. to talk about especially since they probably know you're on the if you think about it. you're on the pacific. absolutely everybody knows where i'm at my oops. my effing uh children. i'm sorry i already blew. it all my children. now um yeah well you know. you're you're pacific so we're pacific. baby pacific time when you book it's pacific time. you even have a purple. phone case so i mean blending. into your shirt might as well. put in the center there. so we can see it. on the screen i mean. qvc qvc we have got a beautiful. purple case let me just show. the metal show it to. you here look it's absolutely. gorgeous isn't it hold it. a little bit so it. more reflected away for there we go. oh now i get why. they do that because anyway. movies around look at that. now you've got grease stains in the middle. that's from his thumb okay no it's on. my fingers that's from your fingers. right there it's absolutely beautiful. look at that the way. you type it you can type on that. that way you can type on the other way. you know but it is absolutely. gorgeous it is coming right. now if you buy one purple. case you will get a purple. velor shirt you will get this. as supplies last we only have how many do we have. phil he's saying we only have a hundred left. we're gonna dock it down. we want them to fly. but they're honestly they're going a little too quick. so we're gonna dock them. down we're gonna make them. you can get now you can get these you can get another. version of this you. can get another version of this. for probably a hundred and ten dollars. this is a better version and we are not. gonna give it to. you for a hundred dollars. [ __ ] screaming dude just absolutely outright screaming. here's here's the thing if you want. this for 100 you go to. them right phil you can go. to well we can't say the competitors names. but you go we are not going. to give it to. you for a hundred dollars. we are not going to. give it to. you for ninety dollars. we are not going to. give it to. you for eighty dollars. what we are not going. to give it to. you today right now for seventy dollars. we are not going to. give it to. you for sixty dollars we could give it. to you for fifty. dollars but i'm feeling generous. we are not going to. give it three minutes we are not going. to give it to. you for forty dollars. or thirty dollars today only today. while supplies last and i don't. know like phil's telling me not. to do it we are going. to give it to. you for four payments of 12. cents and they're gone they're gone. just like that two purple. faces so long to. get to the end yeah with the purple. velor shirt also he's you. have been doing you yeah. how could you say who when i say you pointing. at you yeah i thought you're talking about. me he i'm like he who he is. me laughing you wow. wow [ __ ] wow he who he who you okay uh so you've been doing that yeah for can't even tell you how long 23. years can't even tell you how long probably. 23 or something like that. more maybe 25 years we've got i would just pick up. stuff around the house. look at these glasses okay. we've got and we've got reese. we have these we and we're gonna get we're gonna give them. where we can't give them. we're gonna practically give them. away to uh yeah you can get this. green wall right now 40 easy. payments of two cents well this is not even worth. it you know that's 80. cents say postage would cost way. more yeah posts comes away. more honestly uh so you can check on postage. what else yeah so that's what's up. qvc we're having a good. time though right yeah uh i hate. it reese's fast break candy. bar what's that and i'll tell you why. it pisses me off. yeah i'm i'm already pissed. frankly oh yeah what's this. that's a reese's sure isn't it yeah oh no oh no. reese's fast break the green in it. it's blue it's fine but it's just like so artificial. do do do what you do. already yeah what's with the fast. break thing you know companies always think new is best. it is not you might get a little bump at. the very beginning but if a thing sucks a thing sucks plus people want what they traditionally it's probably when it comes to. chocolate yeah they like what. they like already dude. like if they're gonna buy a reese's. they're not gonna buy the new reese's. flavor they're gonna buy a reese's. peanut butter cup baby baby. matt you know yo what we have to. do is honestly with the reese's. yeah i mean reese's is so good. right reese's are good yes i don't like the when they get cute. with it though they had one with a green. center like the paper the peanut. butter was green and i was pissed was it uh st patrick's day no it was like a halloween. thing it was like it. had like you know yeah. people who in it. like slimer or something people always feel like they want to. like change with the times and stuff. and do it like that. because if you're not growing. you're dying i get it. but reese's you've been around. bro you're a hershey's. too like what are you. doing if you want to. have a new thing new flavor. start a brand new thing. with a brand new name maker. for the makers of hershey green. chocolate bars yes thank you and these are. called greens oh wow. worse well you would get fired. from that room not not necessarily we call them. greens i actually think that would be dope. and i'll tell you why yo greens. i'm gonna leave it this. i don't want you to. answer greens he leaves. um we don't like it. no don't answer now he's like not even. a higher up you know. yeah yeah yeah he's the janitor greens. okay taking them off dude. i think that uh that would be good because you could be like these are. the real greens instead. of greens that you think you need. these are the greens. kids love oh you're welcome. hershey's oh dude cut me a check man. i mean you got to. make it at the very end. got me a check man. yeah oh yeah got me. a chick moms so loud. why are you so loud. yeah you know it's like you know. i know but it's like that's terrible. what you're doing terrible. stuff what are you doing. just texting people no oh and we call them. greens so much set up for that. you know so much did and we call them. dude how about this and we call them. greens taking so long on a carousel. oh actually you did that. for real why don't people have fun. at work dude i swear to. god no because they get fired. no but it's bullet yes that's the radio. edit wow dude it's such horse. wow and it's like i want a stroke. having a stroke amazing dude. it's such afghan [ __ ] because i wanna. be there and happy having fun. but all my plugins won't. let me have fun stroking dude. dude foreign ly i do. frankly i frankly do jim. lee i do just wow. so brett lee brett dude. how the name brett. what's worse brett or brent our. friend is obviously one of my best. friends fortunately brent morin i'm sorry. but it's brent dude. throwing that extra n in there. is just absolutely are you. doing it what are you doing. what is the worst name. for a guy he just wants to. get along in the world. in like a yeah wally you could spin cute. because all sorts of walter. that's not that sure sure walter's kind of cool. actually yeah like wally i like the name. so what are you talking. about then keith. is horrible no you know. what it is what bruce okay. wow dude on a carousel on an absolute carousel. oh my god bruce bruce is bad. but bruce is bruce willis. though yeah he's the only one he's the only one that stands. on don't come out with bruce wayne. no no no no no he's not. a real person yeah you know. oh my god okay man. all right uh well listen. shall we yeah we should start let's do it fell asleep. and woke up soon yeah wow the first twofer. hi chris hi matt i'm chris oh i'm not and we're cousins from. toronto ontario cool we have a bit of a pressing issue. here we've been debating about. for ever since we've been born. and we're just wanting to. get your input on. this whose name is better. oh and why i know my wow. that was good kept it. short wow those guys look at the field. they have that was beautiful. i know they're best okay. i i do too it's matthew. it's not matt it's matt. i'll tell you why it's not i can. tell you why i know. it's not you know you think it's chris. yeah i do why i love the name. matt why i did for one. simple reason chris is better. okay why because matt is a thing and it's a noun. and chris is not no no you're not. is it it's like naming. your kid table here's why. they're both like very catholic. names i like the name matthew. a lot but here's the thing. christopher it's like you actually have christ's. name in your name and that's why. and that sucks it's like being named. jesus i'm named matthew this. is also biblical but it's not you know. i'm not like the central. figure in in a in a in a religious. you could call it massive. cult if you wanted. to organize religion. that was really what yeah but it's not. like my name is christopher but it is though. it's christopher it's christopher if you look at it. on paper so you have a name that looks like jesus. christ's name and that's not good. and while you're getting so upset. i can't oh he's acting folks. he's acting i was misinformed. he's acting he's crying and it's a good. performance even though he's just not moving. his face in any way. at all just doing nothing. wow all good that was good for. the listeners who doesn't watch it. what was the end you. licked your hand yeah because it it fell it. welled up that's me welling. it up it forms up. too much gravity gravity takes it. down pools up here. gravity again takes it. down my hand comes in to. rescue it oh wow. water put it back. into my system unbelievable. disgusting i love how this. takes 20 seconds before it. can go you know but matthew's better. because it doesn't have christ. in it and it's not and it's because matt is a thing that you wipe your feet. on so it's all good. it's like naming your kid. you know [ __ ] funny that we both like our own. names better yeah i think usually i think it. would normally be the case. where brothers like one another's name. is better you know. i don't like the fact. that you said that it. has christ in it. and that's the thing and that. makes it bad is not but it. makes it bad why did it. make you mad i saw your face. have you have you thought that. before yeah that's why i said it. well or maybe you just thought of it. right now no dude. i've thought about it before. so it pisses me. off that you've you've been holding on to. that oh you've been holding on to. yours i've told you a thing. about the map before. i did driving me. [applause] ah i did nope. i did you know. i don't like names. that are also nouns. like chuck rob matt penis. condom i mean sorry nothing. penis condom peter's you know. there's a lot of phil. fill her up yeah exactly. uh what else is like that you got you. gave enough examples as you have like seven. examples we don't need much more i know there. is chuck rob matt phil. bob rob um yeah. tomcat it's not a name uh all. right foxy and fox it's also an animal. uh that's not a in a purse. okay anyway all right. let's do another one. hey matt and chris hello. this is sophia greetings from florida. she loves her new show. and it comes at a perfect. time because i have a question. i need some advice um i've been a teacher. for the past 12 years. working in education and studying education. and at 32 years old. i'm considering a career. change something totally different. uh going to acupuncture. school and getting my acupuncture license. and starting the practice in eastern. medicine cool so i'm feeling a little bit of guilt around it because i know that i'm a good teacher. and i feel like maybe i'm letting the kids. down or that i'm wasting. the money that i put into. uh going to school. to get my masters. and all the time spent just studying education. so yeah let me know. what you guys think i would love. to hear your advice thank you. so much love you guys. bye go into. thank you very much go. into do what you got to. do the kids are going. to sniff it out if you don't love. what you do and you want. to do something else the kids. are going to. sniff it out you're going to. ruin their lives here's the thing you do love. teaching but you really are being called. by acupuncture you gotta go with the acupuncture. you gotta go where the heart's calling you you. gotta go you gotta leave. the kids they'll find who cares. they don't even remember you. you know i mean like i'm sorry. i'm sorry when they're adults. they don't even remember you. uh do you remember your teacher. very few of them. yeah me too very. few of them well also how young i. remember miss harlem who was. in first grade i didn't have. her first grade no no. she was white would you have her. first first grade first curations you thought. harlem looks like miss gilbert. no so you remember her. and i had miss caldwell was second grade. yeah miss caldwell was black was called. it was black oh yeah okay oh miss natco. was white did you get mad. miss naco don't even know. who that is right then it. was ben axis so caldwell when i moved. to california it was finn and it was carrie. then it was cheovich and seventh grade all my teachers were named. tall and i had i had uh miss harlem mrs. beady ms binoxes mrs. i think i have mrs. beady again and then mrs. uh uh that was when i i came through. strong with missposito that was uh. fifth grade what about. did you call her um yeah but you remember mrs. beatty mrs baby me. off no that's oh would get me. do you call her that. now no i never could. have thought of that nope. it's not good to. do oh we're gonna get restricted. for that but that's cool. so no no no no okay so i think that i think that um remember your members. antoine miss antoine was kindergarten now yeah i know that's what i'm saying. so so long ago. the kids are going to. remember you and that's fine. i see what you're saying. yeah but you got to. do what you want to. do the heart wants what the heart. wants right that's what matt. used to say. all the time and i do you yelled. at me for it yeah. no but i only said it. once you said a bunch of times and i feel like you you want. to do your uh acupuncture. try at least try to. do your acupuncture do it. at least do a little bit of it. maybe you don't like it. can always come back to. teaching you come back to. teaching or just do it. on the side do a little hustle. right you did a little acupuncture. just start walking down the streets. just start poking people you know. see what happens be like poke and be like what. are you doing and be like well does your leg. feel good okay like that. and they're like why'd you put my neck. he's like i'm an occupied i've been trying. to be an acupuncture. how do you like feeling. it's felt fine i'm like. then there you go i helped. you it wasn't hurting your first place. but yeah yeah honestly acupuncture. 2 also has helped me. a lot really people think of it. as sort of a pseudoscience quack thing. yeah whatever you make of it. you know but i swear that. i fall into. these really deep like trance like sleeps when i nominal. oil under the needles and it feels. super restorative and i feel better afterwards. and it's just like full no matt. you can't just do that. so much on the podcast. again people are gonna be like what is this. weird [ __ ] i'll tell them it's like an extension of me when i used to. when i used to. say things and go afterwards. to be cute okay yeah so nobody's feelings. got hurt now i instead of doing that. i say okay i understand. all right well you said the audience. did not they don't okay. so next one mmhmm so close. i'm a big fan of everything. you guys do i was wondering what is the best. way to tell your girlfriend. that you don't want to. backpack through europe even though that's something. she really wants to. do oh my god dude. people who want to. backpack through europe are so [ __ ] annoying dude they're so annoying yeah i just you know what i want to. do i just want to. take a year off to. go backpack through europe you know what i want to. find they always want to. i want to. find myself dude you're right. [ __ ] there [ __ ] and here's the deal it's so annoying. because you're like you think you're doing. something and finding yourself but really everyone's just waiting. around for you to. get back you're ruining everyone else's. life they're just like where the [ __ ] is betty. hurry up back you're getting all. dirty outside wow were you in a hostel. well i'm making people worry your parents. are worrying go to. college it's not like okay. i mean if you don't want to. go just say that chicks always want to. do stuff too they're always just like let's restore an old car. and then you're like really you're like and then like a week. later you're like we've been thinking about that car. thing and they're like what. do you mean and you're like you want. a backpack through europe with somebody who does that. kind of [ __ ] well maybe this let's give this woman. the benefit of the doubt i won't and i'll tell you why. i won't because you're gonna get out. there and be like oh my god it's actually so wet out. here then they can go back. and he'd be happy yeah. but then he [ __ ] wasted all the money just flying all the way over to. europe dude uh and he's got a backpack full of shitty. kid where his contacts. are gonna wear glasses. because he's got to. save space in his backpack. can't put contacts. in there all right you know. but it's just like i think just straight up tell her. be like that doesn't really sound that great. to me and then here's why. and then just be real with her. like drop all the truths on her. because she's obviously not thinking about the bad. things she's just thinking about how romantic. she's romantic she's romanticizing yeah. sure they're gonna be hostile. yeah you know what this. is a look at this. documentary right yeah dude everyone romanticizes. everything especially chicks and they're just dudes do it. too but women will be like i mean. that's why they watch the lifetime. of the hallmark movies they want. that love it doesn't even. exist i'll watch those two though. i watch them too but it's just like they they think like oh i love those. lifetime movies because the couples always start. out hating each other for no reason. you know right yeah they're just like ugh. oh my god look at here's dan. dan is such a he's my. he's my enemy he's terrible. he just got here and dan. shows up and he's like hi yeah and i'm like why would you hate this. guy yeah i i love the ones. that are like thrillers like like the bad. surrogate yeah like the mom's. worst nightmare you know a father's revenge or whatever. it is hell yeah you're always i like the love. story it's always good really like the happy. ones yeah because yeah i do that's more hallmark. they make me feel real. nice yeah i like the hallmark. ones i i do like that but no dude. lifetime does like the christmas. ones and [ __ ] yeah our friend directs them. dude lifetime ones uh maybe just hallmark. i don't know i thought hallmark. it's the same thing really honestly. i know i know lifetime. is more salacious but i'm just saying. it's pretty much the same. style of things yeah right. budget wise and it's just like okay. so all right yeah don't go. dude always don't go backpacking through. europe i don't even like when people bring backpacks. anywhere unless you're traveling they don't mean. like on the through the mountains. they mean like going. from city to. city on the euro rail. i know i know but the real. way to do it. is through hot with hostels and [ __ ] and like yes yeah yes that's just annoying. i mean it's called a hospital. if you're 20 it's kind of like an adventure i get it. but like if you don't want to. go just be straight up with her. or she's going to. be so annoying and she's like i'm gonna go then by myself. and then he's got to. worry about her [ __ ] safety. you know just some chick backpacking around. like you know you yugoslavia. and yugoslavians are just like that. hey what's up girl and you're afraid of her. being alone out there get a ticket. as well yeah in case. she really is dedicated to. going then when it's time. to go to the airport you're like are. you ready to go. and then she's like oh i thought i was gonna get a car. you're driving me and then you can just be like no. i'm going with you baby. be the hero of all. heroes what are you doing. oh boy i'm going with you. baby dude i think that uh that's you know. that's annoying that she wants. to go backpacking isn't that. funny when somebody that you're with wants. to do something you don't. want to do it's like all. of a sudden you got to. deal with this [ __ ] now like you have a blister. you're just like all right. i guess i gotta wait. this [ __ ] out yeah that's you know what i mean all right let me let me just let wait till they stop bucking yeah jeez yeah well it's a cancer no i'm depressed. new next one and now a word. from our sponsor better. help therapy has saved my life. to save the lives of many. people that i know that. are close to. me it is something that i have always said everyone. needs betterhelp is the way. to go it's the easiest. way to go uh life. it just does not come. with a user manual so when it's not working. it's normal to. feel stuck it's normal. to feel like you're in a rut. but better help really can help. as the world's largest therapy. service better help has matched three million. people with professionally licensed and vetted. therapists available 100 online plus it's actually affordable just fill out. a brief questionnaire to. match with a therapist if things aren't clicking you can easily switch. to a new therapist anytime it could not be simpler. no waiting rooms no traffic no endless searching for the right. therapist learn more and save 10 off. your first month at betterhealth dot com. lifeline that's betterhelp help. dot com slash lifeline. you know what we're going. to take a little break to. talk to the audience. about talk to. you guys about diet smoke. yeah personalize it we gotta be like you guys not the audience. without you guys y'all i'm gonna talk. to you all about that. smoke if you love thc. like i do then you will. love diet smoke. quite like i do i've used a ton. of their stuff recently. and i do very much love. it all of diet smokes products. all of diet smokes products. are guaranteed to. give you the beautiful buzz. you've been looking for no. prescription required no awkward conversations. no sketchy weed deals. you don't even need to. go to a store you just decide you want thc. and they ship it right. to your door i've done. it it's amazing and all their stuff. is always good olive. diet smokes products. are made from american grown. hemp meaning they're all federally legal. and each product has a lab. test result for potency. and safety you can't get better. than that they got the blackberry. and apple cider flavors right these are the new ones. they released the new ones. yeah try those and you guys. y'all gotta try them. i never tasted edibles as good. as this uh which is the truth. and i am edible king baby. uh one last thing just one little last. little detail you're going to. want to keep in mind. they guarantee 100 satisfaction. or your money is refunded. you literally cannot miss with diet. smoke so if you're ready. for that perfect high head. over to dietsmoke dot com. and use code lifeline for your 20. off of your entire order. you got to be 21. and older to. order back to the show next one. hey chris and matt love. you guys love the podcast. time to get right. into it um i am home. alone for three days with my oneyearold. son my husband's out of town. um here's what just happened. it's pitch black outside and a stranger a man. who i've never met. or seen before comes up. to my front door and rings the doorbell. at the time i'm putting my son down. for bed and so i answer. on the intercom like hey how can i help. you and he tells me he wants. to talk about the gospel it's pitch. black like my camera needs to. use the night vision to. see him right. very creepy he has two. children with him which makes it a little less creepy. both less and more but why are you here. like do you think that was legitimate. um i also don't have a gun should i get one. is kind of my question like should i have done. something different um should i call. the church and complain thoughts ideas well how would you have handled this. this guy's a woman home alone. with these religious people they don't live. in the real [ __ ] world dude. yeah you don't knock on. a door late at night where a woman's. gonna answer when she's alone. and you got kids with you. you don't live in the real. [ __ ] world like there's there's so many other ways to. share the word nowadays while she's putting her daughter to. bed like what are you thinking. i want to. talk to you about the gospel no no dude. i don't care how religious. you are you don't want that. no that's [ __ ] psychotic with kids. i've never even heard of that. yeah that's weird they were just like this. yes we'd like to. talk to you about the gospel they wanted. to go home dude. he's like i'd like to. read from a scripture for you i don't have light she's like and the kid's like i'll get it. light at the bible yeah. beaming it yeah and that. was when jesus said unto. you do unto the most unto. with the river of john. wow unto river unto. rivers they're always doing on twos. and stuff okay and jesus. said unto his gospel unto. you thy with unto rule. and unto always have faith. in yours okay the river. jordan oh my god then they'll just throw in the river. jordan or some [ __ ] okay well and he paddled for six years. straight you know listen you're that's what it'll. be like unconscionably loud yeah you know what i mean. right it's like but the bible. will just be like and he fasted. for six weeks yeah. and you're like he would be dead. but he didn't die because he was he did. it for his brother. and then his brother [ __ ] brutally murdered him. well that's not exactly the story but okay. it might as well be dude. it's an allegory what. i'm doing okay okay are you done. yeah okay uh so we want to. go next one i guess so i mean. i'm just saying it was you know. we were having fun. with the with the religion stuff did we give her any advice. did we give her advice. don't oh the simplest advice. is do not enter the door. don't answer that you did. it you you got through. it this is what you did. you did the right. thing but honestly if you're gonna get a gun get one of those [ __ ] shoulder predator guns. to where it's just like this. and he goes [music]. oh yeah those are good. and then if he said something. go right right those are good those would be good dude. you just said i'd like to. talk to you about the gospel i'd like to. talk to you about the gospel it's like this. okay what's that the light. oh right right and then just and then when you lock the target. [laughter] right yeah and then the kid. and then the kids take to. go like this oh no. what happened the face. you make when you do that. is so ugly well. it's really wild you got it. got you know you gotta keep it. real man it's a real wild. how much is what i just did. something that robin williams did on. the set of bicentennials oh my god i did. it hey hey and then the predator comes and he says oh i'm a hot. dog i'm a hot dog is. the best dude wow um do you know. what's weird i brought up. by centennial man yesterday. she knows too much um dude so fire. on fire [laughter] dude. bicentennial man really all right. sounds good my babies yeah. i'm gonna be so [ __ ] bad oh yeah oh yeah the post you're satisfied we gave her advice. drew from nashville tennessee. you guys have your own. show together finally because when matt would be on congratulations. for the past couple years. and the brothers would be riffing. it was just the best. so you guys have just this. thank you dude honestly. an unmatched conversational chemistry and it's awesome. so what a nice guy. how about you guys. have your own thing now. just gushing i could ask you a question. i have a a friend who's probably on. the scale of zero. being complete stranger to. 10 being just like would lay down. my life for you probably like uh uh six to. seven okay out of ten. friends pretty good um and i want to. know how do you tell this. person a friendship of that. value that kind of like relational equity. that they have horrible horrible. breath right it stinks quite. literally to stand near. them when you guys are having a conversation. yeah um again i don't know. how to handle it. like it's got to. be handled delicately and i just don't have. the words um or the approach. and i think spin moves. would probably give it away. that would probably be out. on this one but what do you guys. think be curious to. know um honestly that's i can't think of something. worse than bad breath. what about stabbing a lot. of stabbing nah i mean you. know with of that level that's the worst. one stabbing is obviously way. worse because of how it's so stabbing's. worse yeah but that's not a whole. different level oh okay um i think honestly that is horrible. uh i knew a guy. who had bad breath. for years and i was like do i say something. or not and then all of a sudden it. went away you know that could be a number of things. that isn't is an actual breath. like uh eating disorders it. happens to a lot. of women yeah and the halitosis which is what it's called. crying bad breath okay. well not everybody knows um but yeah you get uh you just have like if you're uh not not anorexic what's the other bulimic uh trust. me if you're bulimic that happens. like i've been around women. who are bulimic but i didn't know they were bulimic until this. happened oh it is bad. bro it is like rat poison. bad oh jesus yeah dude. you you kiss them. and you're like i just took a sip. of rat poison it's all. is all you can think of you. know no i don't like that. at all no it's so bad. i don't like hearing about. it it's so bad you're like you it's like you're trying. to kiss and not make a big. deal out of it. you've already you've already exhaled. which was too much. like even exhaling you could. taste and smell it. yeah something's that bad you can sense. it well you just actually have to. hold your breath entirely. you can't even breathe. out yeah and i would have passed out. if i smelled that [ __ ] breath. too many times too yeah. i mean you can the only thing. i think you can do is. be like yo here you wanna. gum i got gum but dude. you know gum doesn't even penetrate that well. it might if you're just standing next. to someone also sometimes i think that people's uh smells affect different. people differently there he is what's that. he's he's right right folks. for the first time he's right about something. biological no that's not the first time. i'm right about congrats dude that's not the first time. block is right twice. a day good job dude. good boy okay okay. now good boy here's the deal. here's the deal uh what i the reason. why i believe that is because these people with bad. breath that you smell bad. breath all the time they you. they have wives sometimes. exactly what's going on there. so what i also though. the way i arrived at this. was this one woman who i very briefly dated had this in particularly. bad and i i was like so bad. at tiptoeing around and trying. to gain information about what. other men might have thought about. her breath wow yeah how would you even do that. really oh god i don't know number. but yeah you can't do it without being obvious. no so i was being obvious. but she never picked up on it. she was so oblivious to. it what would you say. what i realized is nobody's ever thought. that about her really nobody's ever told her. she had bad breath and i was like how many guys have you dated. she's obviously many she's in her. 20s but like i'm slow. slower but yeah but just like she's not. what do you mean. am i like it's like you're in. a twilight zone you're just like wait. no i smell that it makes me. want to die instead. of living i'd rather be dying when i smell. this [ __ ] breath so so what how is the way you tiptoe around it can you even try to. do that yeah i guess. let me think i mean. even not you don't even. have to like think about what. you did say oh it would be like i would tell me. make up a story about how like i was on a first date. and like oh my god i was so embarrassed. my breath was so bad. and uh oh right something. like that you know. did you think that do you think that that. ever happened to. you did they ever say no. it'd be like have you ever. like you know not realized it. but like had like the worst. [ __ ] breath momentarily or whatever. and she was just like no. no i can't really oh really yeah. i can't really think of one. yeah we should have done. when she did that and she was talking to. you guys no you just go like this. oh really yeah you've never had that. i know i did you i dated. a girl that had really i had to. i didn't even let it. get far because i was like oh you can't. i was gonna be like this. every time you can't okay that. was the weird thing though. it wasn't every time with this. girl so sometimes i'd be like oh it's gone. it was some like thing. so hopefully yeah uh and then have you had the opposite. to where like the taste. is amazing you're like oh this. is amazing what are you powerade. of someone's mouth yeah dude. it's just unreal no no. are you what are you fierce. flavor powerade disgusting no. no i'm saying because they take because they it's like their mouth. is just this beautiful experience. i know what you're saying. with the words no i'm saying. oh oh hey nice to. meet you powerade oh to. like because you're drinking her. in oh i get it. i fully understand it uh i'm just i just happen. to be utterly discussed one. time a woman tastes so good that. i i was doing that and kissing her and you know. dated her for a while that. she was like what how come you. like because i was just like i don't know like really into. it and she was just like why. you know why is it. so much and i was like i just love the way. it taste and that person. was kristen i want to. throw up and i'm married. to her now so i want. to throw up and hearing. that it was christian. actually made me want to. throw up a little less i'm just kidding. i'm the whole thing a little less. maybe you want to. throw it or am i. okay anyway it's bad situation. dude i don't even know what to. tell you yeah dude just gotta bring it. up though you got to. bring it up you ever. you smell somebody's breath and you're just like almost you you. feel yourself going like oh yeah. totally right and then you step. outside your body sometimes it's that. bad like italian people shooting arrows [ __ ] studies that like when you put somebody in a room. okay they the controllers you put people in a room. with no neutral smelling room and you give people something. to argue about like you get a democrat. and a republican in a room. and like test like their how much you make them. talk about politics right and then you do the same exact. thing but the room. has this intensely bad smell. of garbage or whatever. and the people in the room. that smells like garbage. are like 800 percent more. likely to get into a physical. altercation than the people that are in the neutral smelling room. dude it what it does. to our brains is hectic. way beyond what we even. realize we are so much. more irritable it even shows. up in brain scans like brain. activity is like you're like you're just set off alarm bells. when something smells who set these [ __ ] these tests up. you know i don't know what let's do. the garbage one come on smell. bad what a badass get a [ __ ] guy who's a republican. and a democrat in here. and ask him about abortion. but get all those [ __ ] disgusting. trash wheel it in yeah go yeah yeah i don't know. it's you kind of reverse. engineer the controls of the experiments there. yeah okay you don't know. [ __ ] all right well let's go to. the next you literally don't know. [ __ ] no okay that's not true. all right guys how are you doing. in heaven we've seen. them decorate them first of all. what has he said the whole time. first of all third of all. he's in heaven. he's in heaven. yeah he's literally driving to. heaven right now yeah so what do you do. if you killed heaven. and uh you only have him you're taking a oneonone to. heaven all right so we'll go. ahead guys how you doing. from the uk i have. a question for you guys i want. to paint them decorating film and my job. is basically going to. decide to make a joke. but he's doing what they should be. doing and have a materials. and they need to. do their job um but sometimes it just feels so [ __ ] stressful if my car for photos but i feel under pressure all the time i feel like i get any breathing room and uh i know you have a child chris i have to. right but i don't have an extra levels. of pressure and my wife will say to. me well you need to. take time off so i take time. off but i'm going to. take time off what to. come off when i go. back i have more words just bust around. the question to you guys. is how do you guys. deal with the stress pressures of your life. and is there any advice. that you could give me that. maybe would help me in my situation. and i'm not going to. do a sign off what what. dude no you did. it for funniness you did. it for fun he just said so here's my question. hit you with what you're saying. someone delay you know it's silhouette. miller with emilio that's buster rhymes. dude chris what what was the gist. of it he has depression he has a lot. on his plate. workwise and he's got two. kids heard that part and he wants to. know what you do to. uh deal with the pressure. of work and life all at once. uh honestly and this is such a stupid. answer i know but because it works. i'm just gonna say it. 10 minutes daily jerk sesh. it's jerk session no daily meditation. just 10 minutes just [ __ ] make yourself do it uh find everybody has time for 10 minutes. a day it's nothing do it. in your car do it. on the subway if you're in a city. doing in the bus doing the car. do it right after you wake up. do it right before you go. to bed it doesn't matter. just do it commit to. it and i know it. sounds ridiculous in the first few times you'll. be like this isn't working just do it. for a couple weeks okay. first time i did it was actually. crazy you felt good yeah i did. that's what i'm saying first. time that's what i'm saying. but you're saying you need to. do it a couple weeks. but i didn't sometimes you don't need to. yeah sometimes it works right. away as it did for you yeah. it felt really good. i did it again. it's like it stopped i stopped i only did it. one time why it didn't make me. come so stupid dude. wow i want to. break your neck i'm kidding. dude i know but i still want. to break your neck. slit your throat okay. and just watch and like giggle while your blood. like pours out of your neck. and i'm smiling the meme. of the dude yeah yeah yeah um i can't. believe that guy was saying bully. dude that guy was mr. bean okay great cool thanks. for the question if that was a question. but yeah the advice uh is get some uh it's a the fact. that that was his question. and he had paint all over him. too just made it like so. real oh he's a painter i forgot. he said that he did. say that okay yeah god bless the dude. i feel like uh i don't know man. meditation is a good thing. i would say try meditation. i tried it once and it worked. nice anything that you can do. to center yourself because what's happening. is your brain is swirling and i've said this. before on the show i think but like anxiety. is actually something that is good for. us it's what motivates. us it's what makes us do things. makes us competitive makes us. excel at things but in certain brains. anxiety runs a muck and it's beyond. the point that it's useful it's past. the tipping point. so you're suddenly just like [ __ ] overly anxious. when you have no reason to. be it there's no help. to you so just be aware. of that and once it's passing. that level just be like no anxiety. anxiety listen to. me no stop roll over a woman's defense. class no do you stop do you end. it zebras don't get ulcers. is that code zebras. don't get ulcers zebras. don't get ulcers because uh they don't. have anxiety yeah dude. but it's not just zebras. and i wanna i know. specify the animals i'm saying yeah us as humans there's too much. going on we have too much. stress we get ulcers zebras. don't get ulcers it's what. separated us evolutionarily from back. in the day from zebras. it made us smarter. to be able to. worry and plan ahead. and talking it made us. think uh anxiety nervous. about what was going. to kill us what we were going. to kill there you go. where are we going to. camp out for that night uh we have to. be able to. talk that's right these things led to. us being as smart. and advanced as we can as we are. but it's been since things got a little easier. postindustrial evolution things are a little bit. easy and now we have all these [ __ ] therapists and problems in our lives. because we overthink stuff. we have a lowgrade anxiety. at least all the time. because we're worried about things like phone. bills right but zeros do not worry about. things like phone bills all they do. is just absolutely chillax the whole time. they lick each other they drink. water from the lake. the only time they have an endralin. spike is when they see. that hot as [ __ ] big lion. that is when they do it. i'll get it once they run. away and then they're just chillaxing. again dude they look at each other. when they're drinking zebras. right now look what i figured all this. i'm saying oh because i said to. think about how zubas don't get ulcers. but i know but before that. why are you thinking about zebras. i saw a a youtube video about a zebra earlier. today because calvin was watching. a cartoon zebra thing and what did. the zebra do therapy what. did the zebra do what. was the video yeah the zebra was just like walking. around and kelly kept being like zebra. zebra zebras are cool so i'm saying. i know that i saw that. video it had nothing to. do with this but because i saw the zebra. now i'm using it and i know the animals. don't get all sorts of sorts. of zebras don't get ulcers. because the more specific you are the funnier. you are and i'll tell you one. thing i know comedy. congratulations i believe you funny. you say that because that's my podcast. well anyway plugging yourself okay so one more or more more than one. more what do we think okay. yeah you know what me. and my girlfriend recently moved into. this apartment with our girlfriend. aspen and our neighbors above. who've been here for a while have a pitbull uh we're sitting outside when their dog came down. the stairs and attacked our dog. and my girlfriend ripped. up my dog's nose pretty. bad we ultimately told our landlord about. this situation just to. keep him informed and he told them. that they have to. leave immediately or get rid of the dung. so now we're stuck feeling. some of this guilt about the situation um like it could have been prevented and like. ultimately some of it's our fault. when really it wasn't uh just wondering how we can alleviate. some of that tension. in the household um and ultimately just make ourselves feel a little bit. better about the situation so yeah. big fan of the show. uh thanks in advance. see ya what a nice guy. nice guy it's not your fault. at all no yeah like if your dog. bites the [ __ ] out of another dog's face you got to. get rid of that i gotta get rid of the dog. yeah but it could have been a human. it could have been a baby. understandably feels bad because he has. a dog that he loves any other person. who doesn't want the other person. to have their dog. taken away but it's like then move then i understand. right right right but like you can't. live in a place. where you have a dog. that would do something like that. you can't so you gotta move. there's no reason to. feel bad that person has to. move right that's not acceptable. like you can't maybe he just feels bad. that he has to. the guy has to. move sorry dude but he has to. move even before the attack. i'll tell you something my dog. bites his hair another dog. my dog take a hike. i live where i live and i'm very compassionate okay. yeah but also it's different. because you would never get a dog. that would attack no i wouldn't but that's but you don't know. i don't know you do. he said it's a pitbull i'm sorry. look i love pitbulls i know. but people are going to. get a lot of trouble. they are very very let's say. if you were to. train dogs to. fight pitbulls would take to. that much quicker than other dogs. they have a higher. amount of aggression and if you. want to focus on that. in the in your training. of them you can turn. them specifically them into killing. more than other dogs into. animals that kill uh and a lot. of people do do that. with my yorkies too i just need more. yorkies it's hard to. get those qualities out of the dogs. unless you have them from a very early. age if you have them since. they're a puppy it's just like any other dog. yeah you know you get 50. yorkies though okay. get up all right all of them. [ __ ] oh no no no no no they finally knock you down whoa [ __ ] that's it's knock you down while that happened i said knock you down that would be like uh which is amazing a nightmare you know what just like someone you know but some of you are still some of them are still kind of licking. you and stuff oh no. no you're not all bad i gotta go. get a thing it's fine. leave it okay leave it leave it okay sorry let's put a little bit better. yeah they don't know they're sleeping. uh all right um wait what was the advice. get uh i think i said get 40. yorkies no oh yeah no dude. don't don't feel bad you didn't. do anything yeah that person unfortunately should not be living in a building. that's not how it works. you can't you need to. be responsible as a dog. owner and if you have any dog pitbull or or whatever any kind of dog it. doesn't matter there are plenty. of other dogs that are vicious and and mean and aggressive that. would do that would have done. that to your dog. and if an owner. has a dog like that. they can't be living in an apartment. building that where there are people with dogs. it also is not responsible. of the person you're also a good. guy and that's great you're a good. guy which means you're a good. guy all the time but you're good. guying at a time you don't need to. be good guy you don't need to. be at all right so it's just sad. it's a sad situation it's like someone. getting you know hiv. that's what they get there's nothing you could. do about it what. you can't do nothing you can. do about it but why. is it like hiv. because there's nothing you can. do about it you just got to. be like okay this is not my fault. of all things to. bring up did he give him. hiv who that guy gave who hiv. he didn't give anybody hiv. sure 100 and that's why. he did he could have he said. he said girlfriend maybe he's a girlfriend. hiv or somebody you can. he's walking around with shots. if you're heterosexual you know. about that joke when the two. guys are in the elevator and the one guy's like you. got to give me all. your money or i'll inject. you with hiv and the guy. says no he says you sure. you want hiv and he says i don't care. inject me with the with the with this with the hiv. and he says okay. fine then you should just give me your money. he's like no i need injects him. anyway he says jokes on. you i'm on a condom [laughter]. that was a good joke. it's an old joke. i heard it once i mean. i don't know if it's kind of like on i don't do jokes. it's kind of like on it's uncouth. yeah yeah you know. well yeah i mean not really living on the edge. is it i don't know. i don't like jokes though. i don't like jokes either. they all seem uncouth. to me is what i'm saying. well they're in bad taste. jokes it's just like what. are you what is it. 1912 yeah i don't like it. either yeah and that's how people are always like when people say. like oh crystal it doesn't even. have punch lines it's like i don't know. the [ __ ] punchlines man by design yeah yeah yeah what do i have [ __ ] dork dude but also honestly steeper you know it is deeper but also about you no i don't give a [ __ ] about that man i like to. go out there and have a [ __ ] good time now yeah do i cry on stage sometimes of course you know when i get deep but like you know come on out. to see me by the way. i'll be in new york. soon chrysalia dot com and also seattle. from portland on my tour. don't push me or i'll cry. in parentheses um yeah dude all right. let's do one more one. more yeah one more one more barbies. yo yo hi matt hi. chris my name is also matt. i'm a huge fan um. of chris son of a [ __ ] but um i kind of wanted some advice i'm a shitty person basically well the reason i think i'm a shitty person is some girl today in my class so from new jersey basically related a poem you're reading. to her friend dying of cancer. so basically what i'm trying. to ask is am i a shitty. person for being easily annoyed. and irritated by people who kind of like trauma dump onto. not strangers but basically strangers. in like a college class for example. does that make me. a shitty person um because i think it. might but let me know. what you guys think um again. big fan life rips hope you. guys see this thanks dude. you yeah so hold on. in her class she gave up. she was told she wrote a poem. where she found a poem. they were reading a poem. and some girl in the class. uh related it to. her friend dying of cancer. and he's irritated by that i mean. irritate irritated is one thing if you're [ __ ] going on and on you can't [ __ ] think about it anything else and you're pissed off that then yeah but you're not a bad guy i mean you're asking the question here yeah so the fact that you're asking the question means that you at least are you know looking inward you know what i i i just got lost in thought thinking about something i don't like when people ask. if they're a piece of [ __ ] or a bad person like what what do we know you're you you know like you ask yourself that and then act accordingly. if you are a piece of [ __ ] try to. be less of a piece. of [ __ ] but like if you have to. ask somebody else i don't even. like buy the question you know. what you think you know. yeah yeah yeah yeah uh also like don't be so hard. on yourself if it [ __ ] bothers you it bothers you you don't need to. carry it with you it. doesn't matter yeah i mean. people get there to. you and then you move on. so you're not a piece of [ __ ] like you're not a bad person unless you it's you can't be a bad person based on the things you think you can only be a bad person based on the things you've actually actually do uh or ways you behave in the world you know uh i'm just gonna say that okay sometimes sometimes things you say too depending upon. what they are that the threshold. is obviously higher for them. but still it's like you you don't. buy the brain that you have you only have it. so if that's just gonna annoy. you there's no way. to make it stop annoying. you so just be like ah that. annoys me and just put it to. bed right there move on with your day. you forgot it by the end. of the day you get mad. at me when i clap. at my own advice i do it. now when it's good all right. well all i'm saying is i had for you. earlier dude come on yeah. you did but you when you clapped you said i'm finally. right about one thing so it's kind of dick. right right yeah that's true. um yeah are you a bad person. you're not a bad person. you know but like no you i'm sure. you weren't like [ __ ] stupid friend yeah you internalized it you're just like oh you're like whatever it's all good and uh you know i was pissed off the other day at something going on i can't remember what it was it was like it was a few weeks ago and uh i was like i was with a table of people and i was like i'm so mad right now because of it and they're like and i was like why am i so mad and they were like it's okay that you're so mad you just you're not saying anything and doing anything shitty yeah so it's fine i was like so i just exactly i just said mad and they were like yeah she's like okay but once you realize that it passes. so much quicker it passed i don't know if it would have been quicker. or not but you know. how mad were you maniac. i was blazing mad it was something. with a waiter i can't remember what. it was i can't even remember anymore. it was nine points it was. nine uh there's nine people table. uh oh they forgot my. food and they didn't do. it right yeah and then they had to. redo it and then they redid it wrong. when i said it right. in the first place ah you know. what it was he was one. of those waiters that came by. and was like what would you. guys like and you're just waiting. for them to get out. the thing to. write it down and they don't do it. and then they [ __ ] it up and they forgot my [ __ ] and it's like dude i'm not impressed i'd rather you just write it down all the time. and always get it right. then not write it down. and get it wrong. even once for somebody moreover here's the list. of things that would impress me. but uh if you're my waiter. here's a list of things. you ready absolutely zero things. true the only things that you can do as a waiter. is [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] up and if you don't [ __ ] up you're an amazing waiter yep [ __ ] up you're not a good waiter yeah dude it's like why don't you just try [ __ ] unicycling over like oh wow i don't give a [ __ ] much matter i know exactly balance it on their nose who would care just don't give us what matters can i take your order hi can i take your order yeah oh wow oh we don't care i'm not a cuda dude just bring the [ __ ] salmon in that [ __ ] carnival dude just give me they're spinning the plates on their fingers don't care don't care put it down and here's the other thing too when they say [ __ ] like oh uh you know what would you like and you say it and you're just watching them listen and they listen and they repeat it back to. you and you're like okay yeah i guess. you got it and they're like great. i don't want to. have to be like great. just write it down go. get the food bring it. back and let me eat my salmon. dude write it down why. are you not writing it. down because they want it. it's like a classy place. it's like a nice place. it also wasn't that classy. of a place it was attached to. a [ __ ] hilton for [ __ ] sake why is it classy. to to not have to. write something down that's not classic. because they want people to. be like wow they didn't even. write it down oh oh dirty. notebook whatever the [ __ ] they don't even thinks who thinks wow. is my point nobody nobody nobody the owners owners show me love up. in the club lost your mind. no nobody nobody nobody you actually seen a way. to write it down. you're like ew yeah i mean who gives a [ __ ] dude. it's gonna be right i wanted. to write it down. a matter of fact. maybe it's because they don't want them. to be uh uh that you could. always blame it on the well. sorry we don't write you. down so i [ __ ] it up because they write it down and [ __ ] it up what does that. deserve well that means everybody. in the back [ __ ] wow what is this. it's the gatling the predator has that. no well he has one that just kind of just but i made it. a gatling one like such a nerd. why you said that. you know but yeah i made it again. it makes me laugh because it's actually just makes me laugh. because he doesn't have a gatling gun. but but i installed one in my fictitious. worlds right yeah it's a crossover. it's a delia uh predator crossover. okay yeah that's clear. versus predator so stupid uh oh we're done. dude i love how they make those movies. aliens versus predator and [ __ ] and it's just like it's not aliens. it's alien versus alien versus predator yeah i know. but i'm just saying they should do one. that's like you know another one. oh wow [ __ ] trailed off. at the end so much. it's avp dude i only universities in [ __ ] freddy. versus uh jason freddy. versus jason yeah the mashup movies. yeah are never good dude. no just never good they should do. one uh alien versus sylvester stallone. from copland wow there you are also he's deaf in that movie. you know play with that yeah i can't. okay you coming and i can't see it. because you're invisible wow good impression. you're doing some good ones. today what's that oh and then this. is over worst sounds of all. time all right everybody. thank you we love you. oneonone advice sessions with me. your boy matt delia dot com. every time you see on that. website is pacific standard time so what you're gonna do. is remember that and not not remember. that thank you you go. to watch lifeline dot com to. uh if you have a question. you can get the merch. at lifelinemerch dot com you can also get this. fantastic shirt this afternoon is absolutely butter. soft at chrisley dot com. and then also you can uh go on to. uh my website chrisley dot com. and get them buttersoft tickets. to the road man. i'm gonna be in you know. new york seattle portland san diego thanks. guys [music] 