 runk hello hello hello hello hello okay now we're going hello. yeah i'm going to. be performing actually with brian. callen uh in the south bay torrance at. machine gun comedy at the ed. it's called the end it's on. my website lot of dates. coming up uh australia uh auckland new zealand. st louis memphis check out these dallas. just went on sale witchita binging oxnard california. i'm doing the club oh wait. also san diego i just posted. bing uh next month peterboro ontario. london i have so many. on so many dates duth thunder. bay lexington birmingham montgomery mo. mobile i'm going to be in uh alabama. for a while there and falls alabama. for a while yeah look at those. alabama shows yeah it's like bing bang. boom right there just bing bing bing bing bang. boom yeah i don't know if that's going. to be uh i don't know what it's like there. and i i've been there once. you're going to find. out am i right yeah i think i've played uh huntsville not one of those though. maybe maybe mobile i've done. birmingham or like bingingham bing bingham. all right anyway montgomery mobile. all the good all the hot. spots hey happy birthday. to my friend jeff gwood i know it's his birthday. so there we go nobody else. ever gets a birthday. shot shout out you're going. to give one he's a good. friend i i mean agree but happy. birthday jeff gwood um now in more important. news than jeff g's birthday. you're not signed up for the patreon. you got to get signed. up for the patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury you got the live show. you got three new three new. drops at least three new drops. every month you got to. get in there you got to. get in there the lifeline. live episode is on there. though it's the best thing which is which is which i already did. say which is what's interesting. about you saying it too well. i was thinking of and uh the energy. is up today and it feels. good subscribe to. my solo podcast the private. record new episodes every wednesday it's binging. and bonging constantly over. there uh you have a question. you want some advice you want. to you want to. click on the link in description. below or you know what just go. to watch dot com. if you want to. submit your own yeah and uh you want. oneonone advice with me go. to mata dot com. i tell you what sessions. there was like a low at the beginning. of the year now dude. every single day i'm just bing bing bing bing bing bing bing giving out. private advice like a pinball machine. you want the merch. obviously you do go. to lifel merch dot com. and get it all there i'm looking i'm looking watch. watch watch that was not is that cool. not particularly look at that's cool. it wasn't for those of you just listening. and not watching i'm flipping. a magic mind mostly failing. at it but yeah no no it's been half. and half honestly three out. of five you've done. four out of six none of them. were proper though here watch i'll do it. british watch this ready. uhhuh no that was actually the most. [ __ ] one no it was not cu cuz it fell and you go anyway. let's drink it let's drink. it i let's get our mind. clear it's great i didn't say. it you can't not be ceviche. when ciche when you do drink. something small and the and the pinky. goes up dude se that's what it's like when someone goes down. on you um not me. though me it's like this. okay well that's terrible. so umill godilla getting getting. remember the worst lab. dude you know what though. what hey june what's up. dude what's up john lenon um dude. i uh hey june i wait. dude let's just relax. d hold on let's relax. here come we're getting it's a little too hot. okay i feel like i came in with big. energy and i'm happy about it. i have june on my lap for those listening. she wanted to be on my lap and now she's on my lap okay all right. rubbing it in cuz you know. my dog's sickly a. yeah i didn't think about that. obviously no that's okay but that's sad. yeah but it's not you're not rubbing. it in no but i brought up. dogs you know oh no that's i don't believe that kind of stuff. me neither but you you do. secretly actually you're stupid. yeah butters is so butters. was dude the the vet called me and she was. like you got to. do one of four things and one of them. was euthanasia m the other one. was like let him die. in a certain way and the other one. was like try and try and kind of treat it. and like give them. like and the the fourth one. was like do all the tests and stuff. and like you know surgery. who knows how much that would cost. what's the underlying thing. he's got like an actual thing. that he'll never recover. from right yeah she he has a mass. in his neck that's pushing. up against his thyroid gland. right and it's messing up. his calcium really badly and so we have to. give him tums just regular tums. yes human tums assorted berry ts. so he's just like me. now basically yeah and um the doctor's like why. don't i i like well look it. you know she's like $3,000 to. do a scan and i'm like just bring them home and she the reason. so she was like you can do that. but i i actually don't even think it's going. to be possible. to even when we find out. what it is it's very low. chance we're going to. find we're going to be. able to remove it. yeah yeah so i'm like okay. just bring them home don't do that. you know and she was like not she wasn't like leading. me into but she was like euthanasia. is a very viable yeah. totally yeah this was too. weeks ago dude butters is like it. he seems totally normal butters. is the man dude. small dogs they're like tanks they just don't want to. they don't stop ticking it's really. really really weird but i'm really glad that. i didn't choose youth in. asia yeah yeah yeah we've had two weeks with him. now you know the owner. knows i'm not saying vets are full. of [ __ ] they're not i know they're really not and i've met some really great. ones but oh my god they're often faced with things that they can't. cure so they and they think well. quality of life just you know. i get it i was thinking oh he's going. to have such a bad cuz he was not. doing well he was like yeah. you know and and just it was it. was bad and now he's better. but not i mean he still got this. thing and it's going to. be not a long time. he's just like and life. yeah two extra weeks. is that's a lot so i was so sad. and now i'm like i don't want to. get my hopes up. but he's doing well so i'm happy. be happy you got some more ju you know yeah. some more juice from the squeeze. from the butter squeeze you know. what i'm saying so disrespectful. about dogs n i love dogss got one. on my lap right now. heating up my you know. what all right um beity um my you know. what it's still in the first. few minutes i didn't. want to say i know. but beastiality is okay right. yeah that's no beastiality is an okay. to say it's okay hey you don't blur. out words i'll have to. blur out that word you don't. do that um so anyway i got um uh the uh uh remember the other well was it. lifeline luxury we're talking about. it was it one were we talking about godzilla. was it lu luxury. okay we talk about life. luxury a lot and godzilla you got to. go check it out pat patreon. dot com life and luxury. um i i got i wasn't able. to watch shin godzilla right. right but now you did. nick from golden hour. hooked me up sent. me a thing what do you mean. you weren't able to. you can't it's like was one. of those movies was nowhere. oh that's so annoying weir old bo. was like for long time. be available every movie yeah uh and anyway he he i i don't even know if i actually have no idea. if he gave it to. if the link is illegal. or not it probably is now. that i think about it. the fbi bricks in. but dude i what i thinke. you stole shin godzilla what i think. is we've talked about godzilla entirely. too much i know it. is true on lifeline. uh so we've reached our phil. for godzilla talk so if the reason. you're watching is to. hear us talk about godzilla sorry. go back and rewind a couple. other episodes so it was but it was my wife. and i by the way do you think it's weird. to say to. to refer like i'm talking so if i was talking to. you i would just say kristen. right probably but do you think it's weird. for me to say to. you my wife on this. podcast or should i just say kristen. it doesn't matter neither one. is weird no it's not weird. what if i'm with the four of us. mhm and i say well. my wife you know. got you think it's weird. nope really not weird ever it. would be weird if you said my dad. cuz he's my dad too. no no no no i know. that but i'm drawing. the like why do you say. my my wife and i was like oh i don't know. cuz she's my wife is the good. is the right answer but he's my friend. and we were with i was among. friends and he was like he called you out in front of know. it's kristen and i was like yeah. what if the truth was cuz it was someone. else i know it's christ. is kristen so wait um anyway we it. was our anniversary. yay how long you guys. been together married. two years but um congratulations. uh the um we watched she's like i want. to watch a romantic. movie sick wanted i wanted to. watch a horror movie obviously okay. well she won so what did. you guys watch so i was like okay. let's watch a romantic movie. she goes roman rom in the apple. tv romantic movie the everything that comes up. it's like that's the wrong way. to look i'm like oh my god. blended you know from adam. sandler i'm like babe can we just you. know not that i love. adam cer but like i don't want to. watch this with you know what i mean. okay so where where'd you. guys end up so i say you know. what we could watch and uh and she was. like what and i was like i don't even. know why it popped in my head. honestly i've never seen it. okay i've always known about. it say what it is. guess need up okay. 1986 9 and a half. weeks oh wow you wow. that is romantic to. some people okay two have you seen. it yeah i've seen it okay. when did you see it. um i was going. to say to. talk i was going to. save this to talk about congratulations. but maybe in my early 20s. mid 20s probably so 15. years ago okay so yeah so bro. it's not okay yeah there's like really really like yeah. yeah yeah i i remember yeah. it's so talk about a movie. that wouldn't be made today unless it would be a horror. right yeah or would be like a stalker. movie or like a thriller about a really like scary. guy was like oh my god we were like oh my god the famous. you know the famous thing. about that movie right. is eating stuff off of people. yeah that's disgusting so gross. first of all but there's a big famous. sex scene from that movie. where they're like eating things. off of each other is that what that. is that what from s gross. is that what that's from yeah. yeah is that what made that. popular is that why chris makes me. eat roast beef off your shoulders. oh god sooss i'm doing doggy. oh wow so disgusting. um it's all like gamey so you really got to. deal with the humping and the cutting. watching sh godzilla so disgusting. dud why you get in from there. you knowuh um yeah uh making a sandwich. yeah n9 and a half. weeks sucks dude it's a really boring. bad movie yeah yeah it sucks. and then there's another it's the haziest. movie like there's so much diffusion on every shot the movie. and there's and there's another one. another nine and a half weeks that. came out that came out uh that i never saw 12. years later when mickey roor already looked like but she wasn't in it. right no it was it. ever yeah of course yeah it was trash. i mean angie everhart. was never anything that wasn't trash. except jade i will never accept. ever was beautiful so was kim basinger basinger binger. i don't know actually can basinger. anyway uh we should go to. submission yeah we should we talk about that more later. what's up matt and chris. love all you guys content. but let's get into. this i need you guys to. help me settle a debate. my wife so here's the story coke. h i was making a smoothie right. i had a brand new smoothie bag. filled with like uh mixed. frozen mixed berries basically okay i cut open. the top with scissors nice and clean. dumped dumped in the blender. made the smoothie to. put the bag away i crinkle. and fold and roll up the top. of the smoothie bag this. exct go the extra mile. i even got a ziploc. bag i put the smoothies in the ziploc. bag the milk brought it. overjoy my smoothie put the put the smoothie makings away. smooth makings i come back. the next day i heard that. my wife has also made a smoothie after me. right so i go and i get the zip boo. bag of smoothie out i reach in the zip boog bag. to pull the bagoo out i know what happened. it [ __ ] dumps everywhere. it it unleashes on me. oh no all over the countertops all. over the floor everywhere because she put it upside down back. i approach her and i go what are you doing. why would you put anything in the fridge. or the freezer upside down. knowing that somebody might have that. happen to them you can't. say that to women. you basically no no it's on you because you need to. look and perfect question. make sure that nothing is. up upside down or if you're pulling. it upright or on a side. or whatever i say you psychopath. just common courtesy leave it. upright so that when anybody grabs anything. it's safe you guys need to. settle this for us i do this so i know i know. the right i know the rightest response. if you want to. go first go ahead i can okay. so no it's important. to you go ahead. it's it's obviously true i think to. anyone listening that the way. he did it is better. let's just face facts. there okay but that's not that's not the full. answer to to. the inquiry the real deal. way to live with someone. else is it doesn't matter. if it was done. right the first time if somebody's opened something and put it away. their way and if you're going. to use it you put it away. the same way you found it. the end okay so even if she's absolutely. beside herself that it's better. to do it her way. it was already done theal the ininal. way the initial way the original. way the indigenous indous. way and it happened to. be the way he did it. so she should have done it. the crinkle way yeah and then the ziplock bag. all the things he did only because she found it. that way okay yeah yeah. yeah if he found it. her way he shouldn't. be like oh well i know a better way. he should have put it back. the way he found it okay. it's all about the way. you find it unless you're opening. it then you get to. do what you want wow. uh i think so okay help. me out here he was making a smoothie what what. is the actual consistency of what he's talking about. it's slushy or no. it's powder what is it. it's a bunch of different. things al together that make up. like a premade bag of things. that go into. the smoothie okay okay um okay so i do this. with pancakes with with the i have. these these protein pancakes. that i make sometimes at night. and i open the box. take the bag out it's like a you know. crinkly bag box yeah. it's a box of pancakes. oh okay i mean what. else could it be well you could explain. as well as he does you do. there's a box so there's a box yeah. right i'm with you i open. it up oh okay. take out the crinkly bag. toss the box away. never see it again. oh oh byebye box. okay my dog pisses on. it and then i take the crinkly. bag i open it up. okay now what happens. because i open it. up the the these go from it. goes from this to. this now because it's yes right. yeah oh you're being too loud. yeah okay but yes everything. else is right yeah so now i get the the you being too quiet. i get the scooper and i put it in the thing. i get the scooper and i put it in the okay. there's so many steps here. do it no i know. but it's just crazy how many steps. so then i go like this. well what do i do. with this the remaining. cuz it's open pancake mix that's in the back. you don't use it all. no no no no i mean it's too. much unless i was cooking. for five people sure okay um so what do you do. so i get a ziploc. back and does it originally go. in the freezer or in. the yeah so i go i get a ziploc. bag oh cute i go. take the ziploc bag turn. it upside down right. turn the ziploc bag upside down. yep hood it like you're fit it. over like hey i got you i got you hey where you going. pancake mix i got you never never a. light of day unless your parents. pay the ransom you know and then i and then and then i close it up. right and you're going to. grow up with problems. and then i i close. it up and i take now. the zip lock part the the the the zippy. part and i put it on the top. so the now the original. crinkled f it over the original. crinkled one is upside down. like how his wife does. it the opening is upside down yes. okay like how his wife does. it okay now then i take the crinkle. bag and i pull it slowly. out of the ziploc. bag and now all the batter. or the powder is only in the ziploc. bag i thought he was going. to say that's what she did. now that is the right. way to do it. and also use a ziploc. bag because you can see inside. take away the original bag use the ziploc. bag it it it is that. also is a good way to. do it that's the that's the there's that's the best. way because there's no question. what you're looking at oh hey i see it. i got it also i bet. that the movies were so gross. i bet they're disgusting. anything that's like preut together. and then you put it in the freezer. first okay yeah yeah yeah singing going naa. it's going to. be bad yeah i don't i don't think that. that's um i think that's i said it. right i killed that one. well okay so there there's your answer. the the but to. to answer your specific inquiry. she should have the unspoken. rules of living with someone. are putting it back. the way you found it both. right the end hell yeah. dude we're both right. nice good job okay next one. so right oh my god hey kristen come on dude. than for taking my submission um i work at a murder. mystery dinner theater set in new york. and 1930s we know um and i'm a bartender. there and chris i know you got acting in your cora. and you bleed new york. and uh and matt i know you're center. file and director and all that. stuff so i was wondering if you guys knew. like a funny or fun. thing to say as a bartender. like as an opening line. or whatever um any tips. would be appreciated so that i could make more. tips and make the experience more enjoyable for the patrons uh thank you so much. chris i just saw you in north charleston um so thank you. so much and uh look forward. to it bye thank you. didn't say liked it okay. didn't say liked it no. he didn't thank me for he. didn't say that you work. so hard you worked so hard. um no i'm kidding uh. really hustled out there. on stage nice to. see people really working hard. for their money um no he um so is he asking. he wants things that are like of the era. to be able to. say okay i you being a director there's a movie called. uh shin godzilla white heat. that for some reason. prequel to heat the main character. played by james kagney uh he when he sees someone he says what do you hear. what do you say okay. this is like his greeting. like like old timey [ __ ] w. god grandpa bam would have. done that yeah grandpa. bam lov jam c. james kagney did he yeah. and uh yeah he loved his favorite thing. was when he threw the egg. on on the woman's face. and it just drooped down. that's why he did it. to uncle vin that's why. i did it to. uncle vinnie different era. really yeah dude yeah whoa dude. there a famous family. story that my grandfather at the breakfast. table with my dad when he was like i don't know 10. and my uncle vinnie when he was like seven. richard their other brother. was like a baby vinnie. was like being nitpicky about his food. he's like cutting his food. like too long and like just being you know. sort of a neurotic kid. and that's weird cuz he's not neurotic at all and bam. is getting bam is the our. grandpa's name more and more. annoyed as he's doing it. so he takes the egg all in one. motion apparently slides his hand under the egg. uh that vinnie's playing with right. and then takes the egg and throws it. assault onto vinnie's face and it's like a sunny side up egg and so it's just on he's got glasses and it's on his glasses and it's just fully smashed like a direct hit and the egg yolk is just dripping off the front of his glasses and my dad says it's the funniest thing ever buta he could but he couldn't laugh d was like everybody can't laugh cuz then he would have been in trouble. too yeah at different. time dude you know what's weird. is bro i can't imagine doing anything. even remotely like that to. my kid okay okay yeah i mean. i believe that yeah so so what gives yeah. different time dude different. he's a bam at that. point in his life or everyone at. that point in history they're different kinds of people that's why presentism is a dangerous thing. what presentism it's like thinking like so and so did this a hundred years. ago that makes them a bad. person and it's like just because it doesn't fit the norms. of now while that might be true. they might well have yeah yeah because you would say bam. is a good guy. yeah of course yeah wow. interesting you never heard that. word presentism no i thought it lecri. christ christas you learn. a lot the yeah the the art. of giving gifts um no you learn. a lot on this. show from me and it's really interesting. for you and you're really grateful. learn more about godzilla you think about it. a lot you think about how much. you learn a lot who learned. more about godzilla uh me. uh okay so uh relative my vote. is be like james kagney. in white heat and throw eggs on your customer faces. say's looking at you kid what do you hear what do you say what do you hear what do you say when someone comes to. your bar right and they'll be like oh my god i'm in the 30s. here's $25,000 as a tip. yeah and and and this experience is so great. thank you very much yeah. exactly uh that's fine. what do you hear. what do you say is good. yeah yeah um i mean you could say you know. what is it the 30s. and where are you america. yeah new york like if the person's black you could be like what. are you doing here or or or just not. a white guy anybody who's not a white. guy you can like you know. call for security act super shocked or something. what are you doing here. call the call the call the coppers. yeah i mean even like an italian. man you would do that. about yeah super white white guy. yeah protestant yeah there you go. what the [ __ ] are you doing here. get him out of here. call the ambulance now and then there's about to. be a hurting on them. and then say no no no just kidding. please remember to. tip well yeah hey oh no what the heck is this guy doing here these guys aren't allowed. tip jaw's right over there see um your kind isn't your kind isn't uh t at here at all taking it so far taking it absolutely so far don't even know what that last part was the tip jar oh oh i think actually if you want to. do you clearly want to. do your homework and care. about your job i think you should just like watch old james. kagney clips from movies on youtube. it's free it won't cost. you anything and pick up like four. or five catchphrases you could. use and you're good what is. your kind doing here so what do. you want can't stop can't stop doing it. you know i mean june she in. the shot this is hilarious. yeah all right what do you want. to drink what do you want. to drink i'll make whatever. i want um all right. all right new one. i like that guy by the way. this love you guys i love congratulations. to you i wait for to. listen to your podcast. in the mornings cuz i not a morning. person and it makes my mornings. so much better but i was calling in regards. to the young lady. about the bird that. wakes her up in the morning. i not a morning. person either i hate those little [ __ ] that wake me. up um i'm 47 now i'm never going. to be a morning. person i've grasped that but anyway what works. for me is not necessarily bro. she's 47 she looks she said. she's 47 yeah so wow. that's that's amazing that that's almost 50 it is. almost 50 it's three less. than 50 is what it is wow. that's crazy you're saying what do you think she. 40 40 all right. keep going blanket but a pillow. and it has to. be a feathered pillow. whatever is in those feathers. blocks the tone of those. birds yeah i'll still heal trucks. or something like that but um it works. i don't know what it is. fea pillow try. it love you guys well. you basically want an excuse to. call to call i didn't call you guys. i want an excuse to. send a video love you. bye well teeth said that. kind of with a blanket. i said about a blanket. but you can do it. with a pillow too. she said as long. as it's a feathered pillow. which is actually quite helpful. feathered pillow oh man. just the lady who the the first one. lady who who called in about the bird. she getting a lot of really helpful. information yeah we really really hooked her. up anybody fre so i would suggest. she probably owes it to. us to get the patreon. or just send us big. buckets full of cash right you know what i'm saying uh but yeah you call into. this show you send a video to. this show you submit to. the show guess what you not. only get good advice from us. sometimes you get good advice. from people who watch so exactly. there you go um that's a good. i'm i forgot about that. i wanted to try. it but there's no birds. uh can you still hear people. yeah well that's the thing. you can hear most things still but for whatever. reason birds are operating on some other level. of sound i'm asking about people i already said yes. and then i'm saying more things because that's again. if you remember that's how conversations. were but the way you said yes. and ran it into. the next sentence made it. seem like the yes was part. of the next thought not an answer. to my question and i got out. of that one the most annoying. human being alive not true. let's do another one. no it is true. hey hey de died. died just died mind. just play it greetings matthew. and christopher my name is alex from detroit. michig my master stock i invented my own. proprietary system that doubles your money. every year on 1024x is your money. in 10 years and um i'm not i'm not an accredited financial. advisor so nobody believes in me. and i can't get anybody to. get on board and invest with me. to to i wonder why you know. double their money every year adjusted make them richer beyond. their wildest dreams they they. don't think it's real even though. i got it all the [ __ ] spreadsheet and i got blankets and bags back. here because i have to. [ __ ] resort to. returning bottles and cans. for a [ __ ] living i guess my question is wow. how can i get people to. believe in me thanks guys well. dude send videos like that. is your very very first step. don't act like that ever again. in your life is the very very very most important. first step the the the number one. thing is it's disconcerting what's happening. it's scary you scare people when you act. like that included i don't even say. this but i go like this. oh my like it's it's it's a disconcerting thing. and uh right away from jump. yeah you go i don't. want anything to. do with this guy it's a dangerous. energy is what it is. energy is danger we're trained to. you know what's that thing. where people don't like to. see a bunch of uh uh scales or spots. together uh what's that thing called it's like a scales or sp. you know what i'm talking. about or no okay. anyway it's like a what the heck. is it like we're hardwired to. reject like like it's hitting the disgust. thing it's like we're hardwired to. reject it because a lot. of times in nature that. equals poisonous and this. is what you are like yeah. you you are an immediate when you do it. do do do like this and you like cape. fear you know yeah it. was like you were being like max. katy but and you even looked kind of like max. katy when you were doing it. it was just it was just plain. and max katy for those. who don't know is a very. scary movie character you got that. terrorizes everyone in sight you got to. dress the part you got to. not do different voices. you know but the main thing. there's one main thing you cannot be. angry yeah yeah yeah yeah that's it. you can't be angry that. no one has you got to. you got to be selling. it like hey no one knows this. yet i do be excited you. don't want to. be like these last 100. people didn't believe me [ __ ] them. and i hope you [ __ ] believe but you probably won't [ __ ] you too it's more hey i know a secret let me share it with you and be happy about that congratulations no one wants to. receive or let an angry. person into their. life ever i'm so jealous. that i don't get to. see you again on the last day. that you aren't going to. know this knowledge i'm about. to drop on you so confusing. i mean i i think i knew what you were. saying but i'm i not sure i'm so confused. by that isn't that amazing. god i am so jealous. of myself that this is the last day. jealous of myself i'm going. the one thing you can't be jealous. of the only thing you can't be jealous. of yeah but point taken. now i understand what saying. yeah man it sucks. i'm not going to. be able to. live this day again man. it sucks yeah here i am. experiencing in real time. the last day you're going. to be living on this. earth not privileged to. know the information that i'm about to. give to you and change your life. [ __ ] okay the anger the anger. seeping in again what dude. could you imagine if a guy started. immediately yeah i can he's like that. that's like that guy. no my way was was way. better it was better and funnier. but still everyone would not. jump on the wagon that you're trying to. get people to jump. on to i don't know. well i you got to. be real charismatic yeah exactly. i might be able to. do it my point. okay my point is you got to. have charisma not insanity. um every time you raise. your voice to any degree. june the dog in my lap shakes uncontrollably. rubbing it in cuz my dog's dying all right. yeah my dog was shaking uncontrollably. don't be angry don't be scary. don't be dangerous don't. make people want to. walk away from you backwards. because they don't want to. turn their back on you cuz they think you're going. to do something to. them when they turn their back. on you that's it. that's those are really simple. steps and those are your most important. first steps drop the anger. be excited be happy that. you're going to help. somebody get rich don't be angry. that the last however. many people you tried to. get to do this. right didn't do it thank you. okay so shitty to. thank you thank you all. right new new boy what's up. chris and matt long time. fan to the chase uh my girlfriend. of 2 years just recently. left abruptly with no. pre signs of warning or anything. just like just like chris just now we have two. dogs together she's taking one of the dogs what it's kind of her dog and kind of my i have my dog you know got together right um i feel like i'm grieving the loss of the dog as if he's passing away. and i know he's going. to be safe right. but i don't know what to. grieve first and i wanted to. see if you guys knew. what i should do if you had any advice. thanks guys big fans. damn that's sad so i mean i've been through a very similar. situation myself um in fact our situation at the time. going to break down in tears. you know uh was that is sad. though sorry you're going. through that yeah know that's rough and i've been there. and i know firsthand that. it's rough and it sucks. no matter what which way. you look at it. um at the time we had a cat. and three dogs one of the the cat. and one of the dogs. were indisputed hers one of the dogs. was indisputably mine right. the the third dog we got together. and that dog liked me. more and i remember that. dog loved my dog. at the time billy a lot. of you might remember billy my favorite. dog no offense june no. offense charlie if you're watching butters. too you're rubbing it. in about how he's butters if you're listening and watching i'm sorry. even though you're dying i still love billy more. lot of dog talk you know. 's a lot of dog talk but uh this dog only listened to. me never listened to. his his human mom. and loved my dog. more than any other dog. in the world they would literally sleep. on top of each other but and she did break. up with me but i knew that. if i kept the dog. she would have that as a way. back into my life. oh my god and what i knew. also even though again. she was the one. who broke up with me. that i didn't want that. she broke up with you. i think so didn't she i don't think so any i don't know it's better. for this you're the man. no i think i i think it. was it might have i think it was mutual. but i think yeah who who cares. for this sake it's better. to say she broke up. with me so let's stick. with that okay um and so she was like you should keep him. he listens to. you only and despite knowing i would be so sad. and i would be more sad. about the dog than i would be about her. i knew i had to. let her take the dog. and and i did that's tough and uh i don't regret. that at all now that that doesn't that. doesn't speak to. your situation other than other. than this sometimes you just have to. let go of the things. that you love dearly. because you know longterm is going. to be better off. for it wow and i'm not saying that. you're better off without this. girl i don't know anything. about her i don't even know. anything about you i don't even know. what you look like cuz you didn't call. in with the video it. was with just your voice. but i don't even know. what you sound like i was i was listening. doesn't want to. be with you longterm you is better. off not being with her. and this is the hardest. thing to get through. especially guys heads but it's true. it's it's it sounds kind of backward. cuz it's like well that's the woman. i love and that's who i want to. spend the rest of my life with and i just want to. convince her to stay. with me and i get that. impulse but she wants out and that is that there. are two of you you don't. get to determine the way. life goes alone you got to. do it with someone. and if someone else wants out there. they go that sucks yeah. dude it totally sucks. and honestly he's right. and just [ __ ] love on the dog you do have like when you need it lean. on him or her you know. yeah man that's rough that's making me. sad there's no way. around it though breaking up. sucks always every time i've been going. through a breakup i've thought why do i ever get into. relationships this is [ __ ] horrible. why do i subject myself. to this and the answer. has nothing to. do with me it has to. do with the our species. this is what we do. it doesn't matter if we like it. or not or if they end. well or not we always get back. into them god. damn it huh. yeah what the [ __ ] that's how we're made dude. i mean there are exceptions. some people do better alone. and prefer to be alone. but and some people do better. in like what are they called. polycules what like relationships with more. than one person but uh for the most part it's just you know. couples are there three gay. guys in a relationship i'm sure there. are are there four i'm sure there are i don't know though. i mean at what point. are you just kind of hanging out. with everyone probably like you cheated yeah. yeah yeah yeah what the [ __ ] yeah that's a good. point i think you're six is probably five. or six is like at that point. you're just like having an having a long. orgy you know guess what guys guess. what everyone frank cheated really. yep he cheated he [ __ ] jim. oh no jim's also in. our relationship [ __ ] that's right jim. is relationship okay frank's good well. there are those mormon. and po polygamy pilgrims that. have like dozens of wives. well it yeah i mean. but there's a hierarchy but but but yeah and in a way. and it's illegal yeah but to. me it's like the the the all the me if it's all one sex it's funnier. because it's like what the [ __ ] you're just kind of hanging out sure yeah totally it's it's definitely just nine dudes. hanging out just like i love you i love. you i love you i love. you i love you i love. you i love you i love. you i love you would get so complicated. i bet that in a group. chat who wants to. um [ __ ] who wants to. [ __ ] tonight i love all you what's up. dude just you know we should look into. that like nine people relationship. the record for known same. seex i bet poes i i bet. could you imagine like 10. lesbians in a in a in a relationship. together no i mean i can't imagine and 10 anybody it's so so confusing. yeah but women would always be talk. talking you know i don't know. i think they'd probably figure out. a way to not always be. talking you know bro. but what about how like when i was with my wife. last night and we were at at dinner. and i was just like we were talking. so much and i was just like god damn. we're talking so much and in the middle. of it i'm like it's not. bad it's not bad but it was exactly. what she wanted to. do talking like that and i'm just like man. this is crazy easy cuz i just want to. chill so hard and eat this. pasta so you if it were up. to you you would be sitting there in silence. that's so weird not silence. but we wouldn't be talking about. we'd be talking about way. less stuff and like serious. you know less serious. stuff yeah so you're we talked about some beautiful. things honestly and i i think it was great. sounds like it was a great. time i a great a great. time at blast so then what is the thing. if you were leading the charge alone. there would have been less talked about pants. and [ __ ] and like you know silly things yeah yeah oh you suck yeah i suck i just want i i just want i don't want to. feel anything a music song. a song came on the other day. and i was just like wow. that feels so hard and i i didn't want it. on but i was in the place. where it was on and there. was nothing i could do and so i just started. getting emotional and i'm just like god. damn it dude you could have done. something then then then you know. other people are controlling my my emotions. and other people are controlling. my mood my actions rather. sir deeper dude it's okay. to feel a certain way. it's not okay to. then act on it in that. way you know what i'm saying. oh i see yeah um i could be i could be really. really angry at you that's on. me if i punch. you that's not cool yeah okay. well i agree now that's obvious. though um what unless you [ __ ] my wife [laughter] that's how you confront me. that's how you confront me. i want to. know something raging bll um raging. [ __ ] um what was i going to. say oh i agree like when you're just like sitting around. the house m and your girl is like wants to. talk and talk and talk and talk and talk then i get it. but if i'm at a [ __ ] restaurant no i know i'm joking. okay but but also it's different. when you're at a restaurant. you're talking about something real that's okay. sometimes a woman will just talk about these cool. hats she saw and she'll do. it for like 12 minutes. well you would do that. but yeah and you're like oh my god like are they going. to talk about how they were in like the inland empire. and like what what's it. like out there and why is like the inland empire. like its own thing and why. is it like drab there. and you're just like i sounds great. sounds like a great conversation. like i don't know and they're like yeah. because you know there's just like malls. and like who even really goes to. malls anymore and you're just like and like you just go. to on online. shopping like you get amazon. like you go to. these places and there and and it's like it's like it's like there's like a tuxedo shop. in the mall that's closed down. and it's like that closed. down six years ago. and nobody's going to. buy that uh store and be in the mall. anymore because malls are just headed. down a a [ __ ] uh nowhere nowhere path and and you're just like this the worst conversation. list in the world you in this. in this scenario yeah. cuz you're sitting like this or even worse. a woman will talk about something. that i would want to. be in that mall conversation. just saying so do a different one. even worse a woman will. talk about something that they an idea they have that. they want to. do that they're never going. to do that's well that gets tricky. because then you're you're being like a pre and it's insulting. to tell someone they're never going. to do it oh [ __ ] you know what would be cool. and you go oh we're never going. to do this i know. what yeah we should we should buy two. t right that kind of and you're just like oh yeah. yeah you know because i saw you know. at sport chalet they have uh a thing i was driving. by and this is why i thought of it. and you got to. sit there dude and just be like this. oh yeah yeah and you know. like a lot of time it's actually really good. for the and you're just and you're can i i oh [ __ ] man i gotta go and and you're a dick. if you do that so great. making this no matter what you're dick. making this your therapy session. let's do another wow you know. nice save at the end let's do. another one best hair ever his hair. is the ocean going. to sneeze why is everyone going. to sneeze in this uhoh. so poetry their hair is hey guys it's me. again first time caller so i'm very monotone in the way that i speak i know i've been this. way my whole life and constantly i'm being asked. could i sound less enthusiastic funny. could you sound more excited and the answer. is no and i've always had this. answer of no this is just who i am. i'm not going to. like put on this. weird performative thing to. sound more excited cuz me getting excited is just my eyes. going up just a little bit. yeah i basically know what to. say at this point and it's sig go. [ __ ] yourself and this is who i am but i'd like to. just know what you guys. might say to. this constant annoying thinging okay. thanks but i love you. but okay thanks well honestly. i would i would i would straight up if it was like that. and it was constantly coming. up i would when i met. people i would be like yo just so you know. this is my [ __ ] it doesn't mean i don't like you it doesn't mean i'm not excited it. doesn't mean that you got to. feel a certain way about. it that's i get excited you're not going. to be able to. tell that's it don't want to. talk about it i'm greg. but here's here i agree. with you and i agree with him. but i somewhat recently had a conversation. with someone that opened my mind. a little bit about this. because i was making the case. that greg just made well i i don't. know if that's really his name. i just said didn't he say. greg at the end was. that only you w weird. that's so weird that my brain. did that okay so i'm going. to call him greg. so he's greg and uh i make that. case all the time like it's not. about necessarily excitement but it's like people think i'm in a bad mood. so [ __ ] annoying and i think a lot of people can relate to. that exactly but the person. i was talking to. kind of got me when i was like why. would i smile when i'm don't feel like smiling. even though i'm happy that. like synapse or whatever isn't happening. in my brain to. make me naturally smile who said this. so why would i smile you said. this i'm saying this yes right. yes and then the person says back to. me the reason you would smile is to. signal to people how you feel so that. they know so that you are. more understood and i was like damn. you're friends with dollism so stupid i was like damn that is that's that makes sense yeah in a way it's like the last thing. you're do you're helping your future. self yeah and it would help. me in that moment not have to. have people be like hey are you upset. but then here's the here is where the problem. comes when you do the smile. at feels fake and what what sucks. about what greg's talking about is that on the on the inside. you feel like a [ __ ] faker and that's worse. than any of the things so it's this. constant push and pull of feeling. like maybe you're feeling like a faker. and also letting people know how you really feel on the inside. get two hooks mhm one here one here a short piece. of oh i see where tied behind. it so it's constantly well no then that. then you'd be lying you don't what. you want is to. have them and the wi comes. all the way down your sleeve. so you in between your fingers. smile no but no but then you'll feel fake you won't feel. fake if you're just pulling. the thing it's a fake. smile but you won't feel like i'm lying. to these people haha but your face. is being manipulated by. you and you don't feel like you're that. that that is the same. thing as smiling yourself no. it's not bro i don't want to. get into a [ __ ] huge fight about this. it's the same dude. no it's not dude. because making yourself smile no. if you have the muscles. using the muscles and making your face. smile is feels worse. than having hooks in your cheeks. and pulling a string and making your face do it. without you meaning to. because then people know oh he's not actually smiling. but he's still making his body manually. smile signaling to. me that he's in a good mood. it's the best way to. do it what i said but then you always have. a smile that sucks. unless you're not happy then you take it. off oh oh oh oh oh what did you not understand. i thought you were saying you keep it. on and it's on all. the time okay so when you want to. smile you go i'm happy. okay so then you just have the smile on until the happiness. goes away you take it back. okay someone piss me off okay. yeah yeah and then is it. like a case for it. you can't have that [ __ ] in your pocket. oh here comes tim. i love tim okay i get it. now yeah that's good it's a little yeah. case for it yeah like ipod pro. cuz it's spiky with the hooks. you got yeah you couldn't just put them in your pocket. you know what you could. do really cool is you could just kind of hang them. off your shirt like sunglasses. dude it's going to. be like an accessory style. bro we are going to. be fraking millionaires nobody steal. please nobody steal this. idea it's it's a really good idea. all right cool but i feel you greg. and it's it's tough it's kind of this. like constantly weighing what feels worse. feeling fake or being not. being known and it it's it's just sucks. some people have a me it's like my resting. face and my voice for you. it's your voice i get it. dude it sucks oh dude. oh lease is coming i love. lisa so like not spontaneous you know. getting it untangled yeah wow you know. meanwhile lisa is like chris what are you doing. he hey what's up. how are [laughter] you yeah. that's right she just you're bleeding. a little bit oh you got those. hook smile things yeah yeah cool well that's a great. idea okay yep next hey matt chris hope. you guys are having a good summer. so far i wanted to. get your opinion on. moving or uprooting your life. for your significant other if i give you all the details. it would take way too long. but uh classic story me and my boyfriend. have been together for four. years we've talked about marriage. we live together we have pets. together she has a tail together. and i just started my dream. job and he's getting his dream. job opportunity but they don't line. up in the same place. damn so do you have you done. it before do you know. people who have done it. before does love conquer all or did. they end up presenting each other. uh please let me know i would love. any advice you have to. give on that subject thanks no. man that is brutal. the dream job thing. makes it impossible yeah i know if it was just a job that may that i would say i guess the question is is the dream job. possible whose dream job. is more likely to. be possibly gotten where the other. person has to go. right yeah and but that's like even that's such a crapshoot. it depends on i don't know. what the jobs are so it's it's actually not possible. for us to. say right now but i don't i you know what uh i guess you know what i have. been in this situation it wasn't a dream. i didn't have a dream job. though and neither did she she hated she hated. her job okay i mean this so so different. but my job was mobile i could go wherever. i wanted but here's where it's different. here's where it's similar. she wanted me to. move to where she was. okay and i was like oh so different. so different though but i said no right. yeah okay and if she's asking if we regret. it or not i don't. regret that at the time. it made my relationship really really really bad. and definitely contributed to. its dissolution but we would have broken up. anyway right for one reason or another we did. break up for other reason. yeah but how old were you in my early. 30s oh i wasn't that young i didn't even know that happened yeah in vancouver you know about this no okay well whatever i'm not going to. say the person's name on air. but yeah um craig timmy cra. it was timmy um anyway. uh yeah i i think you pro. the the likelihood for resenting someone for making you give up your dream drug. is really high so i don't know. what the solution is. here man uh i mean what about. could you try to. do long distance i don't know how far it is like if one's in which one's west coast. is probably impossible but i actually think that that is a better. thing to try. first yeah right because what if you're one of you. doesn't like the job as much as you thought you would yeah or or you know what i can't. do this i love her. too much i love him. too much it doesn't matter. it's not worth it yeah i think i would say i would argue that that's what. you do try it. that's good good plus then there's less uprooting. you're the guy who's going. far away for his job. can get like a little place. just for himself it doesn't cost. that much money and it can be just like a little temporary thing. or yeah or you could and then you could just move into. whoever moves into. the other one you know. what i'm saying right yeah or you could look for a place. together because you don't you don't want the guy to. get some great place and then he has to. figure out how to. give it up no right. yeah uh it would be expensive. to good a place. that you know but uh yeah but everyone just lives. in apartments though you know i mean. maybe unless they have like yeah a lot. of money if they're rich. but they're probably not cuz they're they're they're dream. jobs they're young and talking about how they finally just got dream. job so probably not also look. if one of you was i'm like sherlock. if one of you was like skirting the kind of unspoken. rules and like your dream. job is like you know uh [ __ ] desk clerk somewhere like you're ping true. you better be actually talking about your dream. jobob like ar architect partner at an. architecture firm that like you've been trying. to get something like oh i i [ __ ] get to. grow the great greatest coffee. beans in costa rica that i've always wanted to. do you're not going to. work at [ __ ] claire's. accessories all right so right. so don't come at us with this. thing where it's oh it's my dream. job and you're just like someone's assistant okay. that's not a dream job. yeah dude you're not a [ __ ] oh yeah oh yeah i got fin my dream. job oh what size of the matrix. reloaded shirt would you like it's hot. topic [ __ ] off dude grow beans in costa rica don't come at us with that [ __ ] grow beans in costa rica or bust yeah um but that's so hard there's no right answer but i think you have to. try long distance at first to. see if both of you can have all. of the things and then work downward from there. but also like he was saying it. gives you the option of being like oh wait. this isn't my dream job. or it is my dream. i don't care about it. nearly as much as i care. about being around you and then you start. to then now we're cooking. with gas now we got options. now we're talking about we can do this. we can do that we can. do the other thing but when it's all. theoretical who who who could possibly. know what's best and and and then giving that. up and never even trying. it at all that is a recipe for not just regret. but resentment and you don't want that. godzilla bada bing bang why. did you say godzilla because we hadn't. said it in a while and a crazy. guy i wanted to. keep it in theme. a completely crazy guy. i thought we moved on from. godzilla h i thought we moved. on from godzilla finally that's what you thought. june has been on my lap this entire care. time i don't care but they want. to know look you can see one. of her ears i don't care i don't. you know it's like that's cool. i so jealous she didn't. sit on your lap dude. well you keep bringing up. dogs you know my dog's dying and that's pretty shitty right cuz now just the point of it is pretty shitty japanese hi juny shimi hi jun shimi shim the worst this. is that it was a really good. podcast this is the worst. moment of our podcast of all time. shim jun shimi a [ __ ] uh you know a nuclear power plant disaster you. remember juni shimi 2006 man. dud people so many died. from people are still died. from jun shimi dude june knows everybody's. laughing at her and she feels bad. you know it's okay june okay. does it look like i'm jerking. off no no cuz you can't see and i'm in the last moment. what just got just got demonetized in this. in the 11th hour uh all right. so uh go to. chris le dot com and get the tickets. they're going fast i'm going. to be in uh san diego. and i'm going to. be in torrance and i'm going. to be in australia. and duth and dallas. so different so different i sure. it's the was to. dallas dallas uh subscribe to. my solo podcast the private. record it's got bangers every wednesday. new episodes and of course subscribe. if you are not yet. to our patreon patreon. dot com luxury you can get the oneonone. with me give you great. advice at mata dot com. uh you want to. be on this show do you do you do you do it. ask us for good ask. us stuff we give good advice. at watch lifeline dot com or at the hotline. like that one guy did. it was the saddest submission. ever but it was a good. it was a good one. uh and of course get the merch. at lifeline merch dot com. listen to the listen. to jun no she [ __ ] thought you were talking to. her and she stopped good here. 5,500 people died in jun shimi hello hello. hello hello hello hello hello 