 foreign lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional hello hello. [music] um because not necessarily if you can sell like 2. 000 tickets at a club date. like your your thursday friday saturday. that that's a you should say. okay then i can do a theater. that's two thousand seats. but not necessarily because you're going. on sale for just that one. night on saturday. getting all people getting people all in on one. night getting all those 2. 000 people those two thousand. fans to go one. night is a way. different story isn't that interesting so now. are we doing a boring. are we doing boring. on purpose stuff i feel. like people would want to. know that the insides of doing. standup they do but there was no. context before you said any of that. stuff so nobody knows what you they do. i'm talking about clubs versus theaters. and when when comedians make the job. for jump from clubs to. theaters i wasn't listening you're welcome. your hair looks fantastic. today okay i won't touch it. but why does it. look so nice you watched. it i didn't watch it. it looks beautiful see that's what. i'm saying after if you don't watch it. for long enough it comes back. around oh really and it's beautiful. i didn't know that bring up. my dates here so i could plug them. and then actually care about them. but that's beautiful beautiful hair so i'll be in i'll be. in tulsa no but that's really great. you look great you look. great today and you know. what i'm kind of feeling. like i look great. too you do you actually. look great thanks very much. actually before we started. i first thing i said was that's a really great. shirt and you said what. uh i knew you'd like it. uhhuh and i said no you didn't i'm. not predictable and then what did you say. i ever forget what happened. after that that was the part. you said uh yeah you're a predictable [ __ ] oh yeah okay right so i was mean but i would tell you this yeah i had a uh daydream give you have daydreams you know obviously you have we have daydreams and [ __ ] but i was driving over here and i was thinking matt's gonna say he likes this shirt and i'm gonna say and i daydreamed you i'll give it to. you you can have it. you didn't say that though. no i know but and and i and i was and i daydreamed me giving it. to you after the podcast. and you having it and i don't think i'm gonna do. that so yeah that's what i daydreamed. so you date your daydream self. is like way nicer than your real. stuff yeah okay uh yeah yeah but it's also way. way worse too because all. daydream sometimes just that's something that's what i'm saying. it's usually my daydream is usually consist. of me doing things that are not. as nice as i am in real. life yeah i do both. but don't you also daydream like saving. people's lives and stuff. yeah but that's not nice that's like so. i can be a hero. you know you're not a dream. hero yeah you're not a dream hero. we could call that episode. dream hero we could do that. um i'm gonna speaking of selling. tickets and stuff speaking of heroes speaking. of heroes i'll be in san diego. on january 7th. uh get your tickets. there san diego chrysalia dot com. i got brea improv. coming up uh just some club. dates just just just you know. having some fun at some club. dates portland oregon i'm gonna be there. seattle washington i got two shows. january 21st and january 22nd. seattle washington i can't wait to. come to mccall hall. lakeland florida and daytona and jacksonville. the 26th 27th and 28th. san antonio texas february 3rd and keep it. moving sugarland texas new orleans. providence rhode island new york. new york chicago illinois kansas city. springfield missouri anyway the list goes on crystalia dot com go get your tickets before they sell out austin almost sold out go get your tickets and uh and that's that now if you want to. uh subscribe to this. super cult channel that will be helpful. it'll be really great. we're stuck at 596. now it. seems to me matt. i know that uh chris should definitely go. to the thing right. now where we would do. the hey if you want to. call in or whatever and he's not. doing it so if you haven't we just did it. now so if you have a question. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com and if you want a oneonone advice sessions. with matt go to. mattdelia dot com uh and that is great. for that and all of the new lifeline. merch is at lifelinemirch dot com. you guys we're ripping also ready. for black friday too uh i'm sorry. black friday but the holiday seasons um you can get uh lifeline. merch for your your loved ones. or whatever the [ __ ] you want there and uh it's good it makes good for holiday gift. giving um holiday gift. giving sounds foreign you get merch. for your loved ones lifeline merch. for your loved ones for the holidays. or you hate us okay. you want us all to. turn a lot in between. that's like saying skate. or die you know. i never liked that because you also there's a lot. you can do i'm just letting them. know if they don't get their loved ones. merch our merch they [ __ ] hate us okay so what about the fact that maybe they don't they don't even think about it or they don't even watch the podcast to. hate us okay well that's very that's a hard. line they're doing us dirty. they should be fans. they should watch and then if they don't they hate. us and now here's the thing. though if you do watch and you do get lifeline. merch for your for your loved ones. friends and family whatever you love. us and even better we love you. back oh wow that's cool. yeah so it's very transactional. our love yeah yeah yeah completely yeah yeah okay well that's okay. you know i don't i don't know. what do you think about like being in a relationship. like uh where where where okay. so there's what do you think about being in a relationship. where it's about money. what do you mean. define i was actually thinking about this. the other day uh what do. you think about like i mean. you know take tony soprano and [ __ ] obviously he's doing horrible. [ __ ] but like you know he would like talk to. edie falco and be like hey. i got your [ __ ] car you know yeah and she'd be like oh thank you tony. and it was all brushed under the rug. right now obviously people aren't out. there being hitman. i mean there are but like being in a relationship. yeah no i know but i'm saying. there's not really mob bosses. anymore okay well there are kind of hitmen. okay i don't know well. i know you know what i mean. i don't do it but i've seen a lot. of national geographic stuff. about the underbelly of okay. yeah uh and so what do you think about being in a relationship. where it's like hey got you this. you know what i mean. and the woman's like okay. well that's not really my dream. relationship but i'm i'm a hooker. a bit a little well that. sounds [ __ ] terrible the way. you're describing it sounds terrible. she's laughing seems like she's insecure. laughing like she's unhealthy and then she says i'm a horror. okay well she doesn't say. i'm a [ __ ] but that's like the you know the subtext of it it's like okay well i think then yes i think that is bad you think it's bad okay but what if they're both happy. and they die kind of like together. and they have a great. family and stuff as long as they're not mob. bosses or hit men or doing. anything else violent in the world. then everybody should do exactly. what they want yeah okay. i guess i'm just thinking about like you. know some people do marry. for money and do you think that's bad. i guess that's what i'm asking yeah. marrying for money and and uh uh security. like in that way you think that's bad. no i don't think that's bad. i think that people are attracted. to security and they're i think you see. it less when men marry for like money. and security and things. like that but i think that happens. too i think the typical one is like women. marry rich men gold digging ass. yeah well sounds like you got some stuff. no i don't but i'm saying relationship. but but gold digging ass [ __ ] gold digging that [ __ ] you're driving me crazy i can take it no more fellas kick it did he not say fellas sing it i don't know go digging girls driving me. crazy i can't take it. no more fellas sing it. girl and then they go go. yeah cause then they would sing. it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah was that 90s. uh that was early 90s. yeah well a rap song that says fellow. sing is unbelievable oh it does. say sing it it doesn't even say. it he just says sing. mc nasd mc nasty oh nasty. is that what it was. yeah wow dude it's my cadillac. wow that's the name of the oh god. i don't remember that at all. though yeah well you just had the single i think it was a dj. what's this what's that. say dj it's mick wow now we're talking i mean that would still be in a movie where they don't [ __ ] right right they don't know [ __ ] about shopping and we'll call them dj freaky fred yeah yeah look look at the lyrics me and my homie. took the van and we drove it to. the store so basic. a paul simon song there was there was a female there. that we had never seen before. wow this is a paul song. will be like me and my homie. took a van and we drove into. the zone it was a female. that we had never seen before. basically simon and garfunkel her body looked looked nice. her body looked nice her. hair was in a curl. but from the looks of things. we could tell she's a material. girl she had lots of gold rings fingers. that were stacked my homie. looked at me and said nasty. let's jack i almost took the bait. but i just couldn't do it. always running late so i had to. get to it okay well that's pretty much. enough but where's the good part. but what i want to. know is why didn't you let me. do my paul simon thing with it. because you kind of stopped me. short there i didn't like i didn't like it. that much why it was the number. one why i want to. know why why didn't i like it. it is it is funny. and it is um paul simon. ish you know he would just kind of talk. [ __ ] yeah i thought honestly here's a here's what oh boy i just i thought what you did was enough already i think you didn't need to. do anymore it wasn't you know me i could keep going. and make it you could yeah but i'm saying i didn't want. that so i kept going. with what i was saying. because i had had it was just the right. amount it was good. but there was no more to. it so i let there. there was more to. it yeah you want to. know why i'll tell you why. because i didn't get to. the funny [ __ ] words that would be funny if paul simon said it right like looked did that would have been funny if paul simon did it like let's do it like go go so i can scroll with me no no no no what the heck is going on me and mommy took the van and we drove it to. the store and there was a female that we had never seen. before but it looked at nice. her hair was in a curable. from the looks of things look at those. she has a material girl. lots of gold rings fingers. that were stacked my homie. looked at me and says nasty. let's jack that's a little funnier. because paul simon saying nasty. let's jack okay also was he talking. about masturbating he doesn't finish. jack looked at i mean. i know it means steel. dude you're gonna steal the girl. let's jack just steal. the girl her rings dude. wow dude you that's so [ __ ] hardcore gangster. to steal from a woman. like that deal jewelry off. of a woman in public. yeah also he the song's gold digging girls. and he's talking about robbing women. with rings girls driving me crazy. i can't take it no. more fella singing better. because matt's tone deaf fellas sing. it better than me. digging girls wanna be crazy. i can't take it no. more dude they should remake. this this song would if they remade this [ __ ] that would kill. right now i'm telling you. how would it go. what would you kind of how i did. it right there oh just the way. you did she contact you and see nasty. and freaky friday friday or. whatever his name is she should contact you yeah. they should dude i mean. they probably died honestly. of like diabetes or something. but anyway wow um how much would that guy. one of them died yeah for sure. i got one time i saw a [ __ ] dude a 48. remember remember the the show. starsky and hutch yeah. well yeah i s one. time i i said dude. how much did one. of those guys die. from hiv and and then i looked it. up and he did what. yep dude that's how good i am. one of starsky and hutch. died of [ __ ] i believe so unless i'm completely wrong. and daydream that whole thing. on the way over here. how sad is that. well it's very sad look. it up and see if uh the guy died. of hiv from starskin that's a good. way to [ __ ] kick things off. oh yeah hey guys welcome to. lifeline the guy from sergeant hust. died of agent not not the movie. not the movie obviously not the movie. well just to. go he died of hiv. no just say just type in aids. with it got it not at google. man hey did you know. no it's all right i like this. way yeah we don't know. how to google see now. he was he committed. to this way he should have just kept going. because there's one more guy. to click on and it's probably that. guy but we don't know. yet how crazy is. that got to. throw a blood transfer. but we know how he really got it. right no dude that was super. super common really yeah it's actually one of the most devastating. parts what nobody really talks about that's how arthur ashe got it. oh really yeah i thought it was gay. no no oh wow gonna get canceled. again it's all good but yeah no that's that's uh that's i did. think our others was gay. though no well he might i mean i actually had no idea. but he got it from a blood transfusion oh wow. all right well uh this is a very uplifting. episode the book and the band played on you know yeah. it gets into all. that [ __ ] that's about arthur ashe no it gets into. how many people got blood trans. it like writes it as it developed. in real time it's the most incredible. world it's actually the most upsetting book. i've ever read isn't that. and the bam isn't about like war. people from war no no. it's an expression. that the gay community and not yeah. i see but it's a book. first right right but but matthew redeem. was in a movie and then they wrote the book. on it right the book. about matthew modine movie and then matthew. modine contracted hiv all right. uh let's go to. uh one of the things how would you say that. look at that so you look. good your hair looks good. man your hair looks good. like that too dude. it's like a little [ __ ] shitty. little pony no it's fine. it's not it's not a shitty. book it's not premature the people with the premature. ponies are [ __ ] awful the guys so badly you know yeah that's what that is yeah all right. let's go to. a thing to. try to make me. look worse than him. on tv they're great. man you look great. uh let's go to. the light let's go to. some some some fan videos or some listener. videos i'm kicking i'm all right. oh i'm kind of all right. they deviated my septum. and broke my nose. really bad so i can't breathe. in the one side gotta get served. pause it here so this. guy was the guy that got burned. no fool first you got burned. then then he got uh jacked and beat up. on his birthday right. and and then he had like a burrito. of some kind right the really crazy. awesome girlfriend broke up with him. right but on his birthday. and he got and he got beat up. but great ending to. the story is that he got a burrito. from buckaroos or whatever. the [ __ ] it was you know yeah what was that place. called got [ __ ] burned alive beat the [ __ ] out of girlfriend broke up with me and also for the final installment got a burrito from buckaroos what is it what's it called bubbakuz oh you were so close i was close well buckaroos i feel like he's a thing bubba because it's not but bubbaku's is now a store so okay anyway okay that's so the shirt he would wear tooth too don't really got money for too much of that stuff but [ __ ] it life still rips i'm winging it chris i remember you said that you didn't see any scars on my arm i wore a short sleeve shirt so you can kind of see it this time but the camera really doesn't do it justice but i did all i healed really well i got super lucky with the healing but the camera doesn't do the burns justice at all in real life you could easily tell where the old skin hits the new skin where i'm all scarred up and how the old inside of my arm is pink ah whatever man matt dude as soon as i get some money i'm gonna pay for one of those phone calls and hop on with you explain the full story because now i got to. explain the full story of this. past two months to. you guys somehow dude. i don't know how but i like i said i'm broke. right now but as soon as i have money. i'm gonna try to. thank you guys so much. for making me laugh about everything. dude it was [ __ ] hilarious. you really had me cracking. up you guys you're [ __ ] awesome. dude thank you so much. you're the man dude. i'm gonna pay for his. session with you let him. know i want to. pay for his session. with matt because we want to. we want to. hear about it okay. okay all right let him. know um that that guy is uh what a [ __ ] a guy's like this. dude i admire guys like this. so much when you say guys like this. people who are positive oh yeah. like this guy been through. some [ __ ] and he's just this. is the embodiment of life. rips this is what i [ __ ] love he literally got burned yeah. almost burned alive his his girlfriend. broke up with him he got jacked. and beat up by 15. guys yeah and then it's like there's one more thing. yeah the dude's like yeah. but check out this. beautiful burrito yeah like this. guy i mean talk about the upswing of the burrito. going back to the first few things right. but this guy just this. guy is the guy that you figured life out. bro if people were like you if you were happy. like you you know how great. the world would be dude. this guy looks at the thing. he doesn't look at it. half half full he looks. at it totally full even if it's only half. full yeah this is a beautiful. man and i love this. dude but at a certain point. you're just inaccurate you. know if you're yeah i know if it's actually half. full and you're like that's full. then you're just crazy but the guy. seems yeah i understand. but the guy seems like he's just got a great. outlook on life and this. is great we started the [ __ ] episode. with that especially since we were talking. about hiv and people dying. the way you said that. i did yeah okay. well zoomed through and it all sounded all muddled and meshed together. zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom remember. that that one's better. yeah yeah it's like from only the strong. or some [ __ ] you're gonna get is that the one that says do you wanna maestro that'll never know actually being interviews. over i i talked about that. in congratulations my other hit podcast. on this channel super cold subscribe. and uh they said uh and people sent it. to me and the job. interview is over guys but what is it. from do we have i think it's from only the strong. oh okay joe being derby is. over no job interview is not over yet. to have interviews and not. over jet yeah that's what it. was so foreign just say it. in your language at some point. at a certain point just be like just add one. second adding so many j's. yeah and b's yeah that don't go. there um so this guy dude. congratulations to this guy. this guy figured out. life at a young age. life rips that's the embodiment of life. rips and we [ __ ] love you here. at lifeline dude and i'm gonna pay for your. session for matt all right. sounds like a success matt. and chris hello my name is barbara. ann huge fan love. you guys so much um i am. a single mom got a beautiful. sevenyearold daughter cute i'm looking to. buy a house and my mom also is going to. be moving from where she is but cannot. afford to live where we live. in the area that we live currently. by herself so i have put it out there. that you know there's a lot. more pros to. the scenario in which we buy a house. together with some privacy. of course she can she can be in the basement. um but i i'm a little hesitant. because i feel like i'm going. to lose my independence somewhat. and the dating life is nonexistent. right now to. my own my by my own. choice but what if things change i guess. my question is do you see. it as a red flag. or a turn off dating. someone with their mommy in the basement. um and i don't want to. make this too long. but chris thank you for the picture. in dc i was the creep. waiting outside for you oh yeah. someone get vip tickets you're the best. um got me through. some tough times in 2018. where i wasn't smiling. as much or laughing as much. so you and the movie trolls. if you haven't watched it with calvin. i recommend it thank you. thank you um matt. if you're ever in northern virginia let's uh meet up and see what. happens thank you guys um i gotta say that. i i remember her she was very sweet. and um uh yeah you know. what i i don't know man. it's not a red flag. to me you know. people not at all it's a circumstance. that yeah here's when it is a red. flag is when you are like when you're [ __ ] when you're that when you're there because you can you can't afford to. live somewhere else oh when you're living. with your parents or parent. right one of them and it's because like you don't make money. and they are putting you under their roof. that can be a red flag. that can be a record but you housing your parent. no not a red flag. because you have enough money and they don't it's not. even a little bit that. actually is like really admirable yeah. now of course you're gonna run. into privacy issues that that's for the that's a given. right but uh remember and martha and grandpa. yeah that was awesome. we've seen a situation up. close like that and it's the privacy. was never invaded from what i know. i don't even remember sometimes. where i was like where's there. a month i want to. go see aunt martha you gotta go. down and knock and everything. in the house bro that was like a dream. yeah weird i'd love to. see that house again yeah it was crazy. wow but they worked out for them. yeah we had a grandpa. we we have our my father's parents. had who's who was it that. was that was bam's. uh sister was it yeah okay yeah uh my grandpa bam's. sister um lived downstairs in the basement. it was like a whole separate. house basically yeah uh and it was it was great. yeah and you know i don't know. if you're it also depends like how old your mom. you know if you only got like 10 years. left it's kind of a nice thing. i think i think it's kind of [ __ ] sick in general. just like i don't know. if especially if you get along with your mom. i would do it i mean. i i have actually thought about this. i would i would actually do that. too i would let my mom. live with me as long. as again as long. as there was a situation where we could. be separate yeah yeah i would do that. um is weird to. say because 20 or 10. years ago was no. [ __ ] way 10 years ago. you were [ __ ] 28 it's way. different yeah you know. and uh yeah yeah i would do it too yeah. i don't think it's a red flag. and i think that it's it's a beautiful. thing and i think that you know. any guy that's gonna think that that's shitty. didn't want to. [ __ ] be with dude yeah that's true actually it's a good way. to weed out [ __ ] losers i actually you know i thought you had a guy and uh then that might raise. an issue if if you know i understand. the spouse or something being like i don't know if i want my motherinlaw. here but even i would i would do that. too yeah i i love. my motherinlaw but you know. yeah i love your motherinlaw. too she's great right. amorsley isn't she what look i'm in love. with her oh wow is the first place. in time i've ever said it. oh wow that seems bad. probably i'm in love with your mother. did you tell me. that privately or not at all. anyway go ahead okay let's do another. one now a word from our. sponsor better help therapy is a lifesaver. it is the greatest life. solution that one can give oneself. i cannot recommend it any higher. uh life simply does. not come with a user. manual but therapy and therapists. therapists can really really help as the world's largest. therapy service better help has matched three million. people with professionally licensed and vetted. therapists available 100 online plus it's actually affordable just fill out. a brief questionnaire to. match with the therapist if things are not clicking with that therapist. you can easily switch to. a new therapist anytime it could not be simpler. no waiting rooms no traffic no endless searching for the right. therapist it's all done by them. learn more and save 10 off. your first month at betterhelp dot com. lifeline that's betterhelp help. dot com slash lifeline. holidays are here the holidays. are here it is the season. of giving people things we are popping. our merch all over the place. thank you thanks to. ship station ship station is the bomb. as my mom says the most. wonderful time of the year. is also the most hectic time. of the year everyone puts. off shopping until the last minute. i know i do and if you have an online. store you know the feeling. of getting hit with a ton. of orders all at once. when you're buried in orders and emails. from stress customers you will wish you had. ship station ship station turns. holidays ship storms into. smooth sailings so you can keep your customers happy. and still find time. to enjoy some eggnog shipstation. keeps us prepared for lifeline. drops and the holiday season for our merch everybody. loves ship station over 130. 000 companies have grown their ecommerce businesses with ship. station and 98 of companies that stick. with ship station for a year. become customers for life baby faux. life this holiday season give yourself the gift. of stressfree holiday shipping. use the promo code. lifeline today at shipstation. dot com to. sign up for your free. 60day trial that's shipstation. dot com promo code. lifeline here we go oh. he's so warm oh that's a prison. matt he's so warm oh yeah. he's one of his [ __ ] or or freezing. and can't get a hold. of or maybe he has hiv. you know what i mean. do you recognize this. guy what what you acted like. you might recognize this. guy no no because he was gonna play. a woman that was beautiful. and then instead played this guy and it was a stark. difference i mean there was like a beautiful. redhead with piercing blue eyes. and then this guy came no offense. of the dude but like he's got a good thing. going on yeah he's got his own. thing going on right. he's also got a great. hoodie yeah it says life for episode. 100 in houston texas love the show. guys uh chris if you remember i uh called in on the golden hour. the first episode about uh what do you do. if someone parks in your parking. spot i kind of wanted. to get mass advice. on this also just to. see what he has to. say and uh just as a i guess. a further bit of information. the the parking garage is gated in. they parked in my spot. inside of a gated garage it. wasn't like it was just one of those apartment. complex parking spots all over. the place so you know it's a little different but uh yeah i had someone parking. my spot on halloween inside. the garage and i ended up having their car. towed so chris already know what you think yeah. what do you think about it. thanks guys why don't you before. i tell you what everyone said. on golden hour why don't you [ __ ] go ahead and chime in i mean yeah [ __ ] tell that [ __ ] get his ass out. of there it's not his [ __ ] spot bye. bye bye bye bye bye bye byebye. so you don't have to. be shitty about it but you know. i eric was saying tell that. [ __ ] tow that [ __ ] brendan was saying i get it it's halloween really hard to. find parking what are you. supposed to do. though we're gonna ruin the guy's day. who cares he he should have. read the final i was kind of in the middle. i said i understand. why you would tow it. and i might tow it as well. but but then brenda was. like what if he's with his kids. and then you ruined. the guy's day which i was shocked. that brennan said that but yeah man. uh dude if he's with his kids. he certainly shouldn't i said. in a better [ __ ] example i know i know i get it i i think i lean towards what you what you're saying yeah. also the did that was that detail known that it. was in a private [ __ ] we did not know it was in a gate. that's a big [ __ ] deal yeah yeah then you never do that. i agree i agree you shouldn't the guy. should know not to. do it and now he knows forever. because he got [ __ ] towed so do the kids dude so do the kids now everyone knows and that's a good lesson. to learn so not only did he do. the right thing he taught the whole family. a lesson a very valuable lesson. yeah right he's you know. he is a real hero. we talk about dream heroes but he's a real hero. yeah he's a hero. all right cool yeah i i agree. i agree i think i was maybe swayed because when brenda. was saying i was feeling bad. for the kids and it was halloween. and [ __ ] like that but yeah but even still where's the [ __ ] park i'm not impressionable dude. i'm very very very hard. in my stance oh okay. okay but i'm a real man. the real question at the end. of everything is where was the guy. supposed to park. if he has nowhere to. park he has to. tell them that guy was supposed. to yeah yeah i i understand. um i think brennan's thing was it. was halloween it's really hard. to park because everything. he was saying that everything. was crowded because it was halloween. stay home [ __ ] well he's got kids. he can't stay home he's got a trigger. send them out yeah i get it. okay send them out i get it. dude i don't even really disagree. with you and you're talking to. me like i like i'm disagreeing with you. and that's honestly i don't like that. it's on me okay that's whatever. well i feel very strongly about this. okay i would i would tow. the [ __ ] okay hard wow and i would stand in like this oh you'd watch as it happened and then what if the guy says [ __ ] my kids and his kids are all dressed up like clowns and [ __ ] like sad i go like this you have no heart so you move the microphone to. your face and then back it. away again okay all right well [ __ ] man yeah no you're hard you're hardcore especially when it comes to. holidays and party for those only listening what i was doing is i was folding my arms in front of my chest. but high like where my nipples. are right like a like a [ __ ] like a school teacher yeah like waiting for the class to. be or like a really fat. guy with short arms uh oh okay. or that yeah um all right. so all right yeah that you know. let's do the next one. i feel like that's uh i feel like that. ain't that ain't that ain't bad hey chris and matt love you guys love the podcast. i'll get right into. it um what advice would. you have for somebody who's afraid of the spotlight and success. specifically someone whose career literally involves like. being in the spotlight i'm a singersongwriter love. music i know it's what i meant. to do and i have no. doubts about that um i just know that being in the spotlight is going to. be like one of my biggest hurdles. to get over um i also struggle. to believe in myself and so i need a lot. of praise positive constant feedback in order. to feel confident about like anything. i'm doing or putting out there. and i'm afraid that the more. i put myself out there. and receive that kind of praise that. i'm just going to. become dependent on it and my confidence is going. to remain dependent on what other people. think of me so chris. i know you've talked about this. a little bit being a performer. yourself and matt you give really solid advice. so i'm curious what y'all. will have to. say but thank you so much. very smart selfaware person. uh i started i think that here's the deal. give your social media. over to someone to. do it do not check social. media find your selfworth and your praise from your family. and your friends you're very you're very emotionally. you can you know we can tell in. this [ __ ] minute long video that emotionally. you're a smart person. uh we know that obviously. you because you say this that. you suffer from uh you know. i i don't want to. say being insecure but but you rely on other people. to make you feel good look. use it in your music. use it in your music. and and this is why you do what. you do and also thank god. you're not a comedian because you literally have to. depend on people laughing. as a musician in the spotlight those lights. are bright i don't know. how much you perform. but those are bright you can't. see people dude zone out you're not even. there dude you're in your [ __ ] living room just doing it and they're there to. see that they're there to. see you doing that in your living. room so just zone the [ __ ] out you're in the spotlight in in the physical form. but in your head you're in your living. room and shut down the social media. have social have someone else. do the social media. the way you're talking right. now and you're going to. become dependent on the social media. you're going to see the hate you're going. to see the [ __ ] that people say that's not good it's just toxic. man social media. [ __ ] with you trust me. take it from me. get death threats all the time. yes so it's like you gotta [ __ ] just shut down the social media. aspect of it and zone. out and just focus on the music. especially when you're performing. in front of people. focus on the music. dude yeah um i think also shh. do it more as much as you can the only thing. to combat that kind of fear. is to face it. over and over and over again. until it becomes less and less of a fear yeah. i know when you were starting. out doing comedy it. was the same thing you would go up. at hostels without a microphone. yeah [ __ ] diners like an open mic. night and i was always like what. the [ __ ] are you doing crazy that sounds miserable and not even similar. to what uh doing a standup. set is like and it was just for you. it was just like the more you did. it the less afraid you got about doing it. and and the more you got used to. doing it and that's creates this. positive cycle of like you. you need less and less yeah. feedback all the time that you're doing it. well because you're used to. it now and you get this. you get the [ __ ] hang of it and [ __ ] you know i feel like i don't know but it sounds like she doesn't go up that often to. perform in front of people. it's different as a singer. exactly so you gotta just what. i'm saying is any gig you can get even if it's at a senior. citizen home right you get in [ __ ] front of them and you just do it because it's at the end of the day it's all the same there's people who want to. hear you play music. yeah uh it's it's a thing. you can get over for sure. so that's that's good right. it's not like something you can't. get over uh you might always have a little bit of it. but like man i did i used to. go up in hostels. in rooms in hostels where people who didn't speak. english were waiting. for a comedy show i and they were like oh there's a comedy. show here okay we were going. to go drink but we will watch this. for 20 minutes yeah and and i i would go up. there would be no stage i just walk. from the back of the room. to the front of the room. and i would be like hey guys what's the deal. with [ __ ] you know apple computers. and sometimes they would laugh. and sometimes i would just be in a room. and just talking and they would not be laughing. but i get over that [ __ ] that sounds just so so strange. but i loved it dude. i loved it and i wouldn't change it. for anything because i did it. and it was strange. and i would and i would bomb. but dude it got me. so good at at just talking. and and zoning out. as i say uh you need to. be connected with the crowd. but zoning out it's like when i do my podcast dude. i'm having a blast i'm killing. nobody's in the room but i feel like i'm killing. and i think it's funny. and i don't need now i don't need people to. laugh like dude that's what i'm saying. the more you yeah but this podcast. like i say [ __ ] at in this. podcast that i say in other podcasts. that everybody would be people would be laughing. but you're my brother and you're used to. this [ __ ] and you don't laugh that's true. sometimes but i know it's funny. and i do it anyway. i've thought about that actually yeah. yeah and i know you think it's funny. but you're just not laughing. or you don't think it's funny. and i don't give a [ __ ] well i mean i've been seeing the same. jokes for like 38. you didn't see. the paul simon one but you know and it's fine. but like the paul simon. one was funny you didn't laugh. at it and i know it's funny. deep down i know it's i know. how funny it is and you're like i didn't like it. that much but i liked it. just i thought the allocated amount of time. that i gave it was the right. amount of time okay. yeah yeah we could revisit. it at some point. and honestly we probably will in a way. in our lives at some point. anyway because of how i reuse jokes all the time. right right yeah i read you. i use jokes all the time. like here's one i reuse all the time. okay somebody says have you ever. had anal sex and i say. yeah you know it's okay. but it makes my my butt. hurt right right yeah i love that joke. okay and and one time. i made the direct a director uh cry. laughing with it and i always think about it. really and and that's the hardest. that that joke ever hit congratulations. man just feeling good yeah. okay so all right and you didn't laugh. at it and i still know. what's funny i didn't laugh. at it yeah and if i said it at the hospital. i bet those [ __ ] germans would die. at that right yeah because he's doing so i thought he was okay. right right right yeah yeah i mean. [ __ ] i have a question for chris how do i use a napkin. um where's my mouth how did you become so sick. with it well i mean oh wow. you know just so that was the best. submission we ever gotten and because of the chocolate on. his face it was so quick. you know what was good. about his it sounded. like chris cut his ass. off because it went too. long right like that wasn't the end. of his video that was the end. of this oh really oh dude. how to get too. sick with it let's play. it again look at his slovenly i have a question. for chris chris um how did you become so sick. with it thanks oh even better. first take us for our time. first off he started wiping. his face when he had [ __ ] all over it what do you mean that's how you started oh that's how i started me it's like step. one or step one when you when it looks like you. have dookie on your mouth. yeah yeah yeah wow dude. so that's number one yeah i mean. dude didn't give it that guy. doesn't give a [ __ ] honestly. how sexy is that guy. in a relationship for real because he so doesn't give a [ __ ] i mean zero. percent sexy okay if anyone was going in to. kiss that guy no when he had this. [ __ ] on his face but the attitude about it is that he did the video and thought and obviously saw he's not blind. because he's driving he wanted. it like he thought it. was funny that's why i don't know okay. then never mind you know he thought it. was being funny all right. okay but he still has his question. he's pretty sick with it. already you think so i mean. you he's asking you i mean. i probably don't want to. hang out with a guy like that. but he's pretty sick with it. okay because he's already he doesn't give a [ __ ] that's what makes you. say these two things that he's already sick. with it eh and that you wouldn't want to. hang out with him well because i don't want to. hang out with a guy who thinks it's good. to have [ __ ] stuff all over his face that's disgusting. to me okay period. for any amount of time. yes and then uh he's already sick. with it because he doesn't give a [ __ ] what people think obviously okay because now he's on you know hundreds of millions of people. are going to. see this yes billions yes by the way. subscribe to the channel. we need to bring break. 596 this is a conspiracy. super cold sooner or later. even i who never believed anything's. a conspiracy will start to. think this is yeah neither do i do. it but i'm starting to. be like okay man maybe we're a little bit. alex jones in this [ __ ] all right. let's go here we go. next one hey chris um hey matt i love. both of you tons chris i'm a true. baby matt i love the perspective. that you have to. offer on literally everything. um my name is jenny i'm 23. years old i'm from sacramento. california um my question is i guess. i need advice on how do you get over. someone who you really like and who really likes. you but at the end of the day. um you're just not compatible in the things. that you want at a relationship. and the direction you want to. go in life do you think that you can still. maintain a friendship with that. person or that at the end. of the day it's just gonna be messy. and uh end in heartache. because that's what i feel. is gonna happen um but i also don't want to. close off a really good friendship. so what do you guys. think can you get over. somebody while still being their friend. thank you have a good. day guys i love you. and i appreciate you calvin's. the cutest matt marinade okay. bye so what's up. with she yeah she would obviously want. to marry me too but i'm already married. but uh that's fine that's like two. videos now where the women. were just like matt i love. you i want to. have your children but they're basically i know. and they're doing that to. play hard to. get for me um uh yeah. i what it why do you want. so okay you guys are such good. friends you guys are you guys tried. the horizontal mambo and apparently. it went nice right. but the thing is they're not compatible. meaning they want different things. in life so i think why don't you just keep trying. dude keep trying what break him. make him do what you want. do what women do all the time. historically throughout the ages deeper change. him break him make him come over. to your area and have kids. or whatever you want that. he doesn't want break. him nah i don't i don't. agree with that at all i agree. i agree with myself because then there's going to. be resentment coming from what there. is any way in a relationship. no matter what no get out. of here break. him yeah you get out. of here with the deeper. [ __ ] dude no i reject all of what you're saying okay i don't reject it. okay well that's because you said it. i agree with me so if you guys. are it sounds like you've already decided that it's not com. we're going to work. out between you romantically which is probably absolutely right. break okay so that's out. of the way that's not even. what she was asking about. chris break them so what you should do. from that point on is if you're worried about being friends. you think it's going to. end in heartache you think it's going. to end badly for this. or that reason you are very likely to. be right about that break. them stop saying that okay and you are very likely. to being for a world. a world of hurt. a world of hurt. where one woman tries. to be friends with somebody else that she should have broken but didn't yeah. one world one heart a broken man starring vin diesel. wow i mean i would see that yeah. oh yeah that would be his like time. to go try for an oscar. but he did that remember with sydney. the mat no what he did. uh your honor or something. about uh i plea well it's such a bad title. what was it the the vin diesel. movie that he played a lawyer. with with for cindy lamette what's the vin. diesel sydney lamette movie yeah it's like a thing. find me guilty find me guilty. wow beanie boom. what's that song i don't know. i don't know why you're doing. it though oh that song. you know it it sounds sick. what's up what is that. song anthony i'm pissed how about this. dude how about such a crazy. guy what's the hiphop song with bed. squeaks in it oh is it. true that's what it seems that's what. it seems you know. i mean just just a fully sound. effect here we go yeah. you were doing it pretty. good after 30 seconds. though that's so so annoying no the squeaking get to. it guys you know. it's been a minute all right. well it's over now that's right. um took a while for me. to find the note all right. okay that's very cool okay. uh so now about this woman. yeah i think you since. you've already decided it's not going to. work out as a relationship. trust that and also trust your instinct. that it's not going to. work out as friends. break them you can be friends. with an x it's just like don't. expect it you know you. got to work hard. at that [ __ ] and then but working hard at it. presumes you really want it. to work out as a friendship. and i don't know why. people always insist oh but we should still stay. friends why based on what is that. maybe they were friends. yeah that that i guess makes sense. but you're gonna have that moment. where you guys are like yeah. like all right coach. so you want to. help me move friend and he's like yeah okay. cool and they're gonna move. the couch and be like oh that's great. yeah okay it's cool. yeah wow okay okay so anyway well i'm gonna go uh oh sorry. oh i didn't mean to. oh i didn't need to. okay yeah it's all [music]. that is the most disgusting. thing i've ever seen in my life. when you go up and like lick her face whatever. that is it's tongue kissing that's what. it would look like without the face. if you yeah it's just so disgusting. that's him okay she's she's eating. his butt okay so uh what's up. trust your instincts you're you're right. about them all of them. you bro you broke. me didn't you you should be laughing. but it doesn't matter though. because i am a true. comedian and i've done hostels with no. microphones wow to people who don't speak english. wow so i hear the laughs no matter what wow. crazy guy here's people laughing. when they're not there dude. the way dude you laughed you. laughed i laughed at that. one yeah you laughed at. that that's great [ __ ] yeah dude yeah okay all right let's do another one okay now that i've great. advice sufficient where are we actually press. play let's just take 97 of stanley kubrick. to record this and make it perfect. i have a big hand talker and it's obnoxious. and i say um a lot. so anyway uh the other day. i was talking to. my mom about how i can't breathe. fast forward so because i'm no she's like i'm a listener. congratulations a lifeline and i'm obviously a part. of the super cult baby. i thought i had a deviated. subject just because of the way. that it sounded what you went. through um obviously talking to. chris sorry matt i have it. too [ __ ] we love you too so anyway go to. ear nose and throat today and it turns out i have a severe deviated. septum it goes so far. over that it almost completely. cuts off my right airway so i obviously need the surgery but i don't know what to. expect i feel really anxious. i don't know how painful. it's going to. be the recovery time. and the doctor really sketches me. out oh well that's so please just let me know how to. handle the anxiety and just what. to expect um thank you. so much i'm a big fan. bye alprazy baby alprazolam which is xanax. for xanax you're recommending xanax no. i'm not i'm kidding okay. well i mean it helps. but i think that uh yeah look you're gonna have. anxiety you know why and it's okay because they're doing surgery. in your head in the center. of your head focus on shouldn't we focus on her. the doctor sketches are out well yeah the other doctor yeah. well definitely get a second opinion. if the doctor doctor does catch you up. but i have a feeling she's just kind of saying [ __ ] just judging on how she's saying stuff okay so don't think the person who called in she's just this woman who just asked for our. advice is exaggerating or making i feel. like she's no i don't think she's. making stuff up i think she's just kind of trying. to be cute and funny. with that specifically that's what my first instinct. was okay and i read people yeah. okay right so um but i think that you you. know go get a second opinion. anyway yeah right but yeah if you have a deviated. septum get the xrays and then [ __ ] like that. you have it right. i have a really bad idea. i had it they fixed. it and it's great. how is it now. everything's great yeah wow dude. i asked kristen the other day. i was like how much less. do i snore and she said if you snort. a hundred percent you're at five percent. or ten percent oh well that's crazy. i don't even snore. i just i have it. during the day you don't no. i don't know at all. yeah you know who snores a lot. david sullivan i took him. on the road the past. few times oh yeah and bro. the guy snores and i thought someone was cutting. down a tree dude. and um do it so she it's like dude. i can't even it's like oh dude. yeah all right yeah yeah like the hawking. sounds stupid it's so disgusting. and he's got a big head and he's fat. so he's got a huge head. but you know what else. dude he's really fast. a nice fat he's old yeah. and so oh yeah it's definitely any short. so i think that i think that uh i think that um you gotta go. so it's very it's a very you know. what it is it's a very invasive. surgery because it gets in the center. of your head and you don't think. about how it's an invasive surgery. because you're like they're fixing. a little thing in my nose. but it affects a lot. the first night absolutely sucks. there's no there's no two ways. about it it just sucks. pain meds pain meds pain meds. but it doesn't suck. because it hurts absolutely. pain meds it doesn't hurt. because it suck because it hurts. it sucks the pain meds. i understand but it's i didn't even take payments okay well there's a big mistake. but go ahead but you know. me dude what's that i'm [ __ ] very like my pain talk it's crazy bro. i'm like really a man. really a man yeah so but the the the tampons that they put up. your nose the worst. are the worst have you had that right. yeah remember my members came out. and i didn't know it. was even up there yep. one night i just felt this. thing coming out of my [ __ ] face [ __ ] face and dude there's a [ __ ] big like mound of cotton stuck in my face no you didn't know that that was in there they didn't tell me that's weird and then so and then when did you take it out the day after no no when did it come out oh like a week so you had that up there for a week yeah on both sides so they only make you keep it up there for uh um a day now oh very uneventful the way why why i don't know but so they put what happens up there it's a day and then they have the stints up. there for a week but the stints. are not so bad they're they're pretty. awful but the tampons are you can't breathe. out of your nose yeah. um but yeah definitely get it. done dude definitely get it. done it's worth it i i definitely am going. i knew a guy. that got it done. uh and then i had to. get it done again. and i i will tell you this. much i don't know if i would do it again. that's how [ __ ] annoying yeah i like if i got hit in the nose. five years down the line. maybe i would forget about how annoying. it was but like i don't know man. it [ __ ] sucks that recovery it. just sucks man wow the fact that you don't. know if you do it again. is wild but i'm glad but i but i am glad i did it. well yeah now but doing it. twice i don't know man. wow like it took three months. for it to [ __ ] actually feel like all better and that's pretty good right. doesn't it usually yeah. sometimes it takes like half. a year yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well so yeah get that [ __ ] yeah i think you should get it though. get a second opinion but a deviated. septum is real real easy. to tell if you have it. it's not like yeah you need a second. opinion but if you hit your doctor definitely do that. i think honestly uh i you know. it's cool that she figured it. out for my podcast and i didn't realize that i saved. lives yeah you save lives people have said that. before well yes making it real. i was joking but making it real. no but i'm being serious. dude there was a woman that came up. to me the other day. that said that my podcast. helped her get through um by the way. a lot of people [ __ ] love this podcast man. yeah yeah like they come up. to me at the meet and greets. and they're like yeah my fine. uh they say like we love matt. tell matt yeah you know yeah. you don't tell me enough. yeah no i don't actually but uh um yeah what was i saying. oh yeah somebody came up. to me and they said that. they that they had a preemie babies. like twins and that they would listen. to congratulations during that time. and they were in and out of the hospital. and it was [ __ ] horrible and she like just broke down in front of my god and had me sign her uh hospital. bracelet baby oh really yeah. yeah it was really really. like it was and our babies. are great now like show. me pictures how long ago. like what like it was. like a year ago. that they were born wow. yeah and they're just two. beautiful twins now two beautiful. babies now right that's fine. and what they are though. and and it's so and it really was touching. man it really touched me. and like and i was so happy. to see the babies healthy. and like the fact that they wanted. me to sign their bracelets like their hospital. bracelets was like it was just such an honor. man and and you know. i don't know if i don't know their names. but i i remember their faces and they were just really [ __ ] sweet. and and and that stuff is so you know. i know we were obviously. getting off on a real note. here but but um it was just really beautiful. man and i'm so fortunate you know. we really are fortunate that we [ __ ] that we have these people that listen. to this podcast and like enjoy this. like mmhmm you ever feel. that yeah i do also when you said the vince. vaughn thing it made me. think of oh the [ __ ] vince vaughn. due to that story yeah okay. this is after wedding crashers. by the way right yes okay yes yes so we were trying. to this is almost 20. actually almost 20 years. ago yeah we were trying. to make a movie who wrote it. me or you who wrote it. uh you you wrote it i wrote it. you wrote it i wrote the script. it was called selling desks and i was gonna direct it. and uh we were we had this. producer attached who was much. older than us who many years. later it turned out that he was like a crazy like he would he would whatever it doesn't matter but the point the [ __ ] the uh the thing that he did with us we went up to. his house oh this is what it. was it turned out he abused. his mom remember that yeah he went up. to his house in the middle. of the [ __ ] benedict canyon. or whatever and this other producer. we were with was like is this. weird thing going on with this. him and his mouth. i don't know and then years. later it came out that like he was abusing his mom whoa. i barely remember this anyway. okay so um like i can just picture. him like ben stiller. and [ __ ] happy madison like oh i'm sorry yeah did you need that you slap. it out of my head. and [ __ ] uh anyway this guy was english he was such a [ __ ] unbelievable [ __ ] that it was he was such an unbelievable [ __ ] that it was funny and i was like you couldn't take him seriously and it didn't bother me yeah but it did bother me he was such and such a such a such a dick and we were arguing with him. again about something and we were trying. to convey the kind of humor. that a certain scene was supposed. to be right because we were going. through the script and and he was again. pushing back on us and he was like i just don't get it. i just don't get it. and and it was getting more and more tense more. and more attention and then finally uh either you or me. was like you know it's like uh it's like the style of humor. of like vince vaughn. like just trying to. convey what it is and and and and and and the guy. whose name i'm not gonna say. yeah he he just goes who the [ __ ] vince vaughn. and in it we were like what. yeah yeah like some some kids. may not know who vince vaughn. is now but like vince vaughn. was well we didn't know what he. meant he it was like you can't. not know who vince vaughn. he meant but he i don't know if he believed it or not. or i don't know if he would if he knew him. or not but he was trying. to act like he didn't know. who he was i realized that. because we asked him. questions afterwards we were like what you mean. like you don't care yes. i remember this the table or you. don't know who he is. now who's that who who is that yeah. and he was at this. point he was the biggest comedic actor top. five at least in the [ __ ] country for in the world for sure really yeah dude yeah okay maybe ben stiller but yeah because of the wedding crashers. yeah so so far insane. calling it the wedding. crashers that's what it was. um wedding crashers the wedding. crashers no the wedding crashers. no it's called wedding crashers. the wedding crashers i mean. okay i'm not giving it. up never gonna give you up. i'm never gonna let you down. the wedding what okay. let's do one more here. we go oh [ __ ] you right. i know that hey crystal so this. was the woman that i thought that. was gonna pause it this. was the one that he was gonna play. and then he played that [ __ ] guy he ruined. it or whatever yeah he ruined. it yeah okay another story for you guys. uh so basically i had investments at this. girl for about eight years. we love your stand. up and it has really bonded. us over the years so she she messed. with this girl is what she said. i didn't hear what she said. she bonded with this girl and specifically now over your company friends with okay okay yeah got it cool. we decided to get tickets. together to go see you in lakeland. in december so she bought the tickets. on her phone i don't have. the money for my phone. for my ticket and that was our plan. we were gonna go. right but recently not even. really recently like most of our friendship. she just continues to. ditch me for guys like she'll cancel our plans. with her current boyfriend. or whatever which is fine. if you want to. go hang out with your boyfriend. or hang out with someone else don't make plans. with me yeah don't make plans. me just to. cancel yeah that's waste they waste my time. crazy so i decided to. like call around on it. and tell her about it. and she just completely never responded. to me never said anything. and instead went and talked to. our other friends about how i'm um jealous. of her relationship jealous of her. boyfriend i'm just too selfish. to see that she wants to. do what she wants to. do and i have to. deal with it so after hearing. that i decided to. back away as one would yeah and then she noticed that. i was backing away and decided to. hit me about 10. times harder and removed every single. photo of me ever. off all social media. off everything and act like our eight. year best friend relationship just never even existed. so i messaged her. and i said i thought that. like i meant a little bit more. to you than if you just cut me out. completely without even a conversation. and she sent me back. the nastiest message i've ever. received in my entire life so i blocked. her number good and then she decided to. email me more nasty. things so needless to. say we are no longer. friends yes but the issue. is the money she has my ticket. to your show oh and my money oh no. and she won't give it back. what i emma requested her. and she blocked me on. battle i had other people found my request her and she's ignoring it completely and i can't get any of my stuff. back kick it back so let me know. what you think that's annoying. about how i should go. about this if there's any other way that i can get my money. back because she's basically stealing from me. at this point yeah um let me know if you know. how to get my [ __ ] back. i need to clear. this all up you don't don't. respond to this girl anymore. don't right back to. her block her on everything. i i moved to lakeland. was it lakeland to. january i'm gonna give you two. tickets to lakeland. for free you don't have to. worry about the money. so the the money that. she has now that paid. for these tickets that i'm gonna give you i'm gonna. give you two tickets. bring whoever you want bring your boyfriend. bring your [ __ ] brother bring your friend. bring another friend post all. about it have a good. time she'll see it and be like what the [ __ ] you got two. free tickets i think it's in january. it is in january now uh and if you don't want. to go to lakeland. you want to. go somewhere else if it's closer. i'm doing daytona i'm also doing jacksonville. let uh the producer know we'll get you two. free tickets so i'll clear that. up right there furthermore if you did what you said you were doing it. didn't sound like you crossed. any lines to. me right no offense. to her but i think she has to. be leaving something out because if here's the thing if you're not leaving anything out yeah this is a remarkably crazy. person yeah who you have you should be [ __ ] thanking your lucky stars. that she's not going to. be in your life moving forward. yeah that's that's pretty wild. that's pretty wild if if you're not leaving. anything out you dodged a bullet. and also how are you friends. with this person i know i know this is happening. now some sounds like maybe something. else is going on but also if she anyone who you block. and then they start emailing you is crazy. yeah right like you blocked her out. of look you're you're really stressing. me out you know it. sounds like you're not like hey [ __ ] you forever. it sounds like you're just like i can't. deal with this right. now which is fine. it's fine to. block for somebody for a little bit. i think um i i'm all for it. uh especially if it's [ __ ] up your mental. health and [ __ ] um but uh yeah you uh yeah you you dodged a a bullet. dude uh so don't worry about the money. thing i got you and then i'm sorry. that that happened that's not an issue. now but also that's weird. is she trying to. get her friends uh she's just being a crazy. person yeah some people when they feel like they've been wrong. i'm aligned just acts yeah. just act so crazy and it's like there's nothing to. be done about it they won't stop it's just like they're triggered. and all of a sudden they're just a whirlwind of terribleness every which way. oh my yeah terrible all. right uh yes so uh i will be in lakeland. soon and i will be another but we might as well. have to show up but i will be in uh lakeland. i will be in austin. i will be in new york. new york i will be in uh chicago. i will be in daytona san diego. seattle portland uh brea california. uh uh portland yeah i said that. uh sugarland texas san antonio new orleans. providence rhode island you got it. you got it springfield missouri. boise boise cincinnati. go to chrisley dot com. get tickets columbus ohio. columbus ohio have you been there. no yes but i saw it. on the screen there you go. you're very observant. so i'll be there now obviously click out. and go to. the other screen so we can talk. about the other things oneonone sessions. with this dude my brother mattelia dot com. i am paying for that. one guy tell him i'll pay. you yeah for the session. and then if you have questions. go to watch lifeline. dot com or if you want. to get that merch for the holiday. season and give it to. your friend lifelinemerch dot com. that's what's up and if you want to. see it here look check this. out dude look what i'm doing the secret tips. you're like a superhero superhero. lifeline man there we go. he's a lifeline man. yep i'll wear this for next. episode love you guys subscribe. get us past 596. see if you might think you're subscribed. and you might not not be able. to show up in my mouth. but dude all you got to. do is just subscribe. thanks guys it's like me. in the parking lot. married captain gallagher [music] 