 that whole thing's crazy. you need to. go to a lawyer you need to. hire someone to. do it prenups are are are. good i guess they're good. to for both parties but they're a legal. matter you can't just print up. a template this whole thing. is so bonkers what's what's the craziest. is that he was crinkling. something for is not the craziest. thing the most annoying part. runk hello hello hello hello hello hello hello do you think anybody likes looking. at themselves more than you yeah. i do actually who do you think it. is uh i don't like looking at myself. are we going i don't like looking. at myself what do you like doing that's not something. i like i would i would be i'm on the bottom rung. of that that's not what i like then. how come when you're watching yourself. you don't close your eyes. i like watching myself what's the difference your hair. looks good why why. does your hair look well. what do you want to. talk about what watching i don't like watching myself. i like i like listening. to myself and if it's a video. i will watch it. because i want to. understand the bits that i do and i want to. understand them even better than i've already. done them and and my hair how much do you like looking at me i like looking at you thank you. uh yeah your hair looks good. hair looks better possibly better than. it's looked in years. all right right now well okay it looks like it's just kind of you're hanging out. and it's like it's good. it's good length it's good. like it doesn't look like you. just washed it but it doesn't look dirty. it's a 10 yeah it's like a nine and a half. all right well so if it's one of the best i've looked it's looked. in years and it's obviously got to. be a 10 okay right. but here's the thing okay. for your hair it's a 10. okay so then then hairwise i can only get a 9.5 in the world. of the people with the greatest. hair yeah that's not even. an insult saying the worst. hair you know i mean. i know or best hair. i get it that's not even. interest saying you have the worst. hair this is oh what's going. on you turned it. off no i made it lower oh that's that you wore. that the first episode of lifeline. yeah dude i remember i did. i remember i remember what is that. from don't know but it's from something. whatever does matter it's it. doesn't matter it's almost a j. with the sl um but if we don't know what it's from we can't have it. be a listen um it's episode. 84 what the frank it's thanksgiving. week what the frank sundays are for. lifeline what the frank dude. you can go to. uh patreon dot com lifeline. lxury to sign up for the lifeline. luxury podcast which is absolutely frank. and unbelievable grow or die. is available my special my fifth. special it's on chia dot com. we love it it's uh you guys. um i really appreciate you. watching it it's doing stupid. numbers so uh do idiotic. numbies no it's doing really well uh appreciate you. go get it at chia dot com. uh i will be in trenton philadelphia. reading oxnard and i just put on sale. sacramento sacramento where you at. i always think of that. that's dr dre uh phoenix arizona. phoenix i always think of that phoenix uh and uh el paso. texas and albuquerque new mexico. and then i have more dates coming. up next uh i think this week. i'm going to post. them i'm not sure but uh just had to. work out the marketing and all that. so go go to. chris dot com i'm going. to be there can't wait to. get back to phoenix man. i love the celebrity theater. love it it's in the round. and your boy gets seen. from all angles but uh. also if you want to. submit to the private record which is matt's new podcast. yeah uh where people share. amazing crazy weird wild stories uh go to. uh the privat record. dot com and if you have a question. for lifeline just drop uh down below in the link. we have it uh watch lifeline. dot com and we got the merch. at lifeline merch dot com. it's all you know it's all. how it is baby. you want to. oneonone with me go to. mata dot com thank you you. want to one one. want one one one oneone with. me matalia go to. mat dot com thank you you want to. submit to my podcast get yourself. on the show go to. private record dot com thank you so stupid. and don't forget about the merch. go to lifeline merch dot com. and thank you you're 40. dude um i am 40. so i was working out. yesterday and i was thinking. about this cuz i took denny love. very fantastic comedian. we right uh my always in a terrific. mood dude he's just the best. man um and he was like i want to. work out legs cuz i work out this. was in la yeah this. was yesterday yeah in la he was like i want. to work out legs. well no i he didn't say. that he showed up i asked. because you go on tour. with him i yeah he go yeah um no no we traveled. to another city to. work out but um no he goes on. tour with me but anyway uh he he was like here i i put a guess you know he doesn't go. to my gym so i give him a guess pass. came up and he's like what you working. on today i said legs. he said i knew you. going to say that. cuz you didn't want to. yeah nobody wants to. work out legs nobody does i actually do but you like it. i do yeah i've grown to. like it okay because it's so hard. oh okay right um it's like kind of you. know what it's like kind of going. to meetings like uh for addiction. it's like once you start. doing it like i've just now. i've done eight me in 8 days. so every day i'm doing a meeting yeah. and just now i'm like to. i woke up and i'm like i got to. get i got to. get to my meeting you. know what i'm saying but when you start. doing it you're like uh but what about. is it during and after do you feel increasingly. good about it or you. just in leg leg day or or meeting day. if it's like if it's similar meeting. is uh well it's to. it's a totally different thing. i mean it's just completely. different but the meeting i guess. the meeting is really what i'm asking about. cu i don't care about. leg day obviously much more well meetings are cool because you share your feelings and you hear other. people's uh uh um what they're going. through and you identify with some of it. you know what i mean. and some some of the meetings are you you don't you. identify with them less. you know they're going through different. things completely but uh uh leg day. is always just hardcore. so anyway i was anyway. i digress but i was doing so we start. doing it and um i was working out. and i was thinking i i you know. because he works out but he doesn't look he works. out yeah no he does he got he's fit but he doesn't work out. legs hardcore he does. work out legs but not i feel like a lot of people don't they don't yeah it's just you know. you do it half. want to look good they don't want. to like model their legs. you know so uh we did. it i went hard and he's obviously he texted me. say i'm in pain. but uh i was thinking about i wonder. what the heck it would be like with you me. yeah oh i did not thinking. going but doing actual leg day. with you be miserable for everybody. involved i would be miserable and a sensibly you would be too because i'm like absolutely. murdering the vibe i'd be doing my thing. oh then it would be fine. for you too i'll be. doing my thing yeah yeah. i'll would be doing my thing. yeah no it sounds it sounds just you know. unfortunately like a complete utter nightmare. okay so if i was like all right. your turn come on let's go. you would be like no you would look up. and i would be gone i mean. like i just and i don't want to. get i don't want it. to get confused by anybody like. i don't think people who do that. are yeah i know that. it's just me like that's not. for me yeah wow dude. yeah wow how much do you sleep. uh i guess lately. more i guess so maybe six and a half. seven hours oh you're getting. more yeah lately i get more okay. cuz you used to. get what like five going to. die bing early yeah it's not good. yeah you got to. move around and you got to. sleep more i mean i definitely move around. no no no i know you move. around a lot you pace. a lot work out i know. i wonder though i wonder how if i wish we knew how much working out. and eating right and sleeping right. affected uh our the longevity of our like i wish there. was an app where you could see like you're doing. well at this point if you do this. you'll live to 92 but what about. when you get hit by a bus. or just well that's always the but what if you're coded. for in genetically to. get cancer when you're like 65. but the way you out people are going. be so in disagreement. with me about this but like sometimes. you just are going to. get the thing you're going. to get yes that is true. but but my point is if if like what if there like i'm saying course that would be amazing. yeah what if you could add that you could add the blood test. to it and then your app says you know. you're supposed to. get this at well dude. eventually one would have to. imagine that something like that. would be in ex. and available to. every single individual and that's what i wanted. to come in if you would just pay a small fee. uh i can help with that. i think probably you this. is like theos what do you mean. oh you i was thinking about theos. too yeah i'm saying if you just give me a small. oh you're you're elizabeth homes for this. app okay $20,000 i think i could prob make happen. anything about any of this. but did she i know. more than you what do. you mean i know more about how this stuff. works than you do and i'm not interested. how stuff works body. what would go into. an app like that what are you talking. about oh yeah yeah yeah okay i thought you meant health and fitness i was about to. be like um wow yeah i was about to. be like check please and we're not even. at a restaurant so how's how exist. um sure dude i mean it's definitely annoying. unless your ace ventura yeah. well then it's good yeah then it's good. so anyway uh that's what i was thinking. about um maybe that's boring. but honestly i don't give a dude. i do what i do it's not. that boring but i want everyone to. understand what chris did he went to. the gym with denny love. his friend yeah and while they were doing leg. day he chris thought i wonder what it. would be like to. do leg day with matt right. that's weird but it's not boring. so i don't it's not boring. i don't i think that's in strangely strange. and odd that's strange and odd. let me tell you okay. so if i was if the story was i went to. dle day with denny love mhm. and i wondered what it. was like to do leg. day with in the middle i wonder what like to. our friend you know rob would that. be interesting no so you only said it. cuz it's you right well i'm saying to. the audience it might be interesting. because we're the host of the show they watch the show. they care about us. he got out of that. one he got out of that. one got out you know. wasn't in anything you were involved. you were involved in you. were in the storm i was in hot. water yeah okay dude. the other day calvin uh was at um the the grove. with our nanny and he asked our. nanny he said um are are we close. to home and and she said no. well not too far about. 10 minutes away from uh mhm. from uh from home and he said stupid. and and then he said um i can say stupid. now because i'm not allowed. to say it at home. because mommy doesn't like when i say. stupid ooh got it out. of a system at the grove. working it out. got out of that one. from at home how funny. is that dude that's pretty good i got to. start doing that kind of stuff. more often when you're not at home. say say words that yeah like saying like i don't really say. words though that like i've never yeah. i don't ever call there's no. like word that christen is like don't say. that word cuz some some some guys would get mad. at their woman and be like b i don't do that. i've never done that actually or cu. n you know how it ends. but i don't that i never done. that never called her. a name in my life. yeah i don't yeah called frank dre. that's a good thing to. call someone that's not calling someone you know. who frank re is of course i know who frank. dreon is leslie nelson's character. in naked gun yep almost called. it top gun uh hey what if ne leslie nelson. was in top gun it'll be. better we all know it. what did you guys watch. the killer on netflix. not yet but i want to. i did yeah that's by that. guy that's what that guy. uh what's his name. in it oh is that a finer. movie yeah yeah it's finer. is that a fincher. piece yeah it's a fincher. piece we'll talk about that. on luxury but oh yeah okay. yeah let's talk yeah i did. see it yeah okay lifeline. luxury go to. get lifeline luxury yeah that's a little teaser. i'm going to tell you what. i think about the movie the killer. people at go like oh oh i'm not i'm not subscribed. and they're going to. run to patreon dot com. lifeline luxury just to. hear what i think about. the i i like uh oh man. you know what my favorite david. finer thing was well we could talk about the sun life line. okay oh even more wow. it was man it was that that one on netflix. though that was happening well they're all on netflix. now but mind hunter mind. hunter yeah mind. hunter yeah all right. um okay let's start want to. go into it. can somebody get me a bottle of water. hi mt everybody at lifeline you guys. are awesome um i need some advice. so i played volleyball. in college and now i coach. club volleyball and give private lessons great and most these kids are like middle and high school and at private lessons sometimes the parents will sit on the court and like actively give feedback as i'm giving feedback private lessons the thing is that they're usually wrong and they're kind of mean to. their kids like they're a little bit. harsh and it gets in kids. heads and i can just see them. start to spiral so how do i tell these parents. like stop and you're wrong and you're making it. worse for these kids. but also you're entitled to. be here on the court. you're paying for the lessons your kid. it's a free cch um yeah i'm just not really sure what to. do thanks fre that is tricky. i will say that. that is tricky because you under normal. circumstances you could just say the flat. truth because it doesn't matter. but this is like your actual employment. you don't want to. lose clients by delivering. news to them. that they're obviously not going to. take well but at the same. time i agree with you that. they're sort of it's suboptimal. to say the very least that they're there. doing that like messing up. and going against probably the things you're saying or at least. pulling them in a direction that. is suboptimal robot um did. she say volleyball yeah she did what is a private. lesson for volleyball is a team. sport i didn't want to. go down that okay all right. keep going but i guess. i get it like there's private lessons in baseball. i know but the baseball. is a very singular thing. you a lot of times you're batting. well i would imagine they're doing. things like she's setting someone up and and it's like how do you spike. and how do you do setup. it's like technique what's weird. is that a parent. who doesn't play volleyball. would think that they know. anything about that's actually that's so crazy. well maybe it's like i remember when i used to. play baseball like there would be dads. who thought because they played when they were younger. that they knew better. than coaches and it's like sure that's possible. but it is just very unlikely. that you know more in this. case especially than the private. coach that you've hired for your child. but parents dude parents get weird. they act like entitled i'm going. to be like like well i pay. for it so i deserve to. be here and and it's my kid. so i can say it's like yeah that's true. but if you want your kid. to be better at the thing. then you got to. let me do my thing from the thing. you should be like oh you don't want. your kid to be better. you're throwing money away just say. that oh good dude. yeah oh good i can't. get this out of my throat. you done yeah you done. being disgusting so i'm trying. not to dude. but um yeah you know. what also you could do is set. set that out from the jump. like make it in the email. or whatever like by the way. um you know sometimes parents. get involved and they don't know. what they're talking about i mean. you know obviously make the language. nice but uh this is a oneonone thing. for a reason so let me do the teaching you know what i'm saying and if not i have a particular set. of skills i'll find you and i will kill. you yeah that that's a good one. and a picture and a gif of liam niss. you know what's weird it. is gif what do. people say gi everyone says gif. and anyone who says anyone who says gif. gets corrected and it's hard. how do you know. what it is it's like swimming so hard. upstream because i saw i don't remember if it was an interview with or an article mr. the guy who yeah the guy who coined it. oh really yeah fred giff yeah. to tommy jf yeah but but here's the thing. i'm probably gonna agree. with what you're going. to say because it stands. for graphics or graphical interchange format it should be it should be gif it should be gif you're right i'm just saying the guy who made it up calls it a gif trffic and that is that is just the fact it stands for giraffes in heat honestly that's oh this the h is silent g yeah draft drafts in no heat is one word right so g fh oh oh heat right okay scientific word dude imagine giraffes having sex and then thank god animals don't do oral sex because what if giraffes did oral sex their body would be so far away from the actual person person you know uh yeah i long ass neck the other giraffe just get a long ass neck can't even reach with the just yeah their body would be in like another zip code yep it's like raining where their body is and not where their head oh why you so wet because i went no no no because i was an a zip coat why you all wet baby yeah uh what i think that do you think about the fact that some animals do give oral sex oh well yeah receive or sex right humans and then also uh bats and um sloths and also fish and um wolves sloths dude just like this and when they come they go oh it takes 10 10 and a half. minutes yeah all right. even the jiz is like yeah. i didn't fully listen to. what he said but i think what he said. was the right kind of advice. you got to just in you got to. thread the needle but you canot say. something i think the way. it has to. be framed like you can even say. like the stuff you're saying is great. and i think that maybe you can if you can save. it all up for after the lesson. we can maximize our time. together right something like that i guess i still think that you should do it before. anyone does anything you should do. it i see you should do. it in the email yeah beforehand or whatever. it is like this is remember this. is one i gess you have the language. nice you know you're nice. come if you want but yeah right. it's a oneonone lesson and then also if you do come. try not to try. to resist the urge. to cuz to. say something cuz i know my and you don't well. that's not like that possible. way to say but she's obviously a nice. lady right yeah that that's that's the move. i think and then if they still do it. you can always resend the email. then that's tricky though like what if they yeah exact you could do you could forward. it back to the person. and then just write whoops. over it parents would still do. it dude for sure they will still do it. but then you're in an even trickier spot. cuz it's like i already yeah. but you can't you can't make people do something. so if they're going to. do it they're going to. do it period but but the best. thing you can do is. say hey look don't do. that and do it before. they do it so they're not defensive. yeah right yeah now are they listening. to haunted house footage or something what's going on yeah i don't know do you guys hear that mhm oh it's a bubba above. us oh it sounds like it's in the speakers. oh yeah people are moving. stuff just above it's house. all right cool next one. hi boys uh thanks for taking my submission. okay i need advice. so my partner and i have uh been together for 5. years we have a little boy. he's 2 years old. we love him so much. we um decided to split. recently uh we can't afford to. live in separate homes so we're living in separate. rooms in the same house wow. pause there any advice. awesome second bit of that we have an incredible. sexual connection um that's like so incredibly hard to. jeez um put to. rest so with all that. going on need advice need help. with boundaries need what do you think we should do can't afford to. live on our own. living in the same. house raising our son in separate. rooms strong sexual connection go. thanks i got a good piece of advice. stay together yeah you're together like what the what what's the reason. you're splitting up stay together. because you are together yeah. oh man what do i do. okay so i'm with my i'm with my ex. we live together we have sex. so much we love each other. we laugh so much. we have a beautiful child. and we love raising him. um and how do what do i do. what the hell do i you're doing. it what the hell do. i do what is it. maybe it's a situation maybe somebody crossed. a boundary and then they just they can't. get over it or i don't. you have to. imagine what whatever it is. that's that there's a good reason. but but based on what you said. you're together and what you should do. is try it out try to. work it out because you already are. are together i mean. i you're together yeah you live together. ens you are consistently having sexual relations. and you have a child that you both. adore that you coparent like you're together. yeah and it's also fine. to sleep in different rooms. that yeah some couples just do that. actually even like i know. no i married happt so you can still. do that and then also like how if you're not together. and can't live in different. houses then honestly how is your dating. life like you you can't. invite people over it's too you'. have to explain too. much to the kid. and there's another reason why you're you're together. together so i would say in all honesty well first of all just because of all the things. that are stacked against you. like don't be hard on yourself. if you like can't stay away. from him yeah like or he can't. stay away from you like of course you guys. are going to. end up having sex if the chemistry is amazing. you guys either have been still are or whatever. you're you're in love yeah. they're probably in love like you know. don't be like oh what's wrong. with me i keep getting. into his bed. or i keep letting him. into mine like that's clearly. going to happen. be easier on yourself about it. and if you guys really want to. separate i i really do think that you have to. figure out a way to. not live together that's really. what you both want you. have to do that. right 100% um otherwise that's a really yeah i don't i guess you know gez yeah. to even say like we recently. split is almost like well you didn't though. you didn't split because you're under the same. roof having sex and coparenting a child. you both love that is i mean. are you like not having meals. together are you not talking in you know you are right. you are i would imagine you. are and in front of the child. you're obviously like at least. i would hope so like getting along. in front of the child. yeah yeah yeah yeah not throwing you're together. now you're together heyy you know. what you're together you're together. and here's the here's the crazy. part you're happy yeah hey yo you know. what i i keep wearing this. uniform with a badge on. it it's blue i have a hat. that says police and uh i'm not a cop. so what do i do. i arrest people um i put them in jail. they let me and frankly. the cops let me put them. in the real jail i hang out. with a bunch of other real. cops um and i go to. all the christmas parties for the real. cops people address me. as officer i have a diploma. from cops school that lets. me officially police communities yep what do i do i'm not a cop. yeah that's the same. question you're a cop. yeah you're a cop. you're a cop yeah okay all right. cool next one hi i mean so cute. that's a good point. what are you talking about. hi i'm natalie this. is nick hi natalie and nick my question. is about his name. um he is almost three he was a complete. surprise oh he came um surprise surprise. and um you have to. name your baby within i think like eight. weeks or something after i named him. i realized that his name. should be clarence oh after christian. slater and true romance oh that's cool. is it completely and totally tacky to. change my baby's name after he is. almost three i don't know. but he's a clarance look at him. that's hilarious right nick his name. is nick why what why. do you h what's the eight. weeks thing uh legally. you have to. officially uh put forth the name of your legal. name of your child by 8. week they give you eight. weeks to name your child. just start calling him clarence too. you don't have to. officially change it be like hey clarence oh mom did. that that my real name is jeff. i mean you don't have to. like make it such a thing. to where it's like but here's the thing. though you're sh you certainly can yeah know. i i think you should his name. is nick you should keep it. nick that's what you think yes. that what i think i don't think that. i think if you want your child. to have a different name. because it is re has been revealed to. you now that you've lived with him. for a long period of time. or know enough time and that child. strikes you as someone who should have. a different name means nothing. but okay no it does mean. something dude i've i mean. i don't mean to. compare people to dogs. but many people adopt dogs. keep the name that. they've always had and they're just like that. you're not that though you're you're something. else makes no difference i don't. agree at all anyway i agree with my brother. though if you just want his name to. be clearance you don't need to. legally go through the whole thing. but if you want to. go for it dude but it's not necessary. you can just be calling him. clarence and doce him as clarance and people will learn that he's nick and be confused as but who cares no dude clarence is a name just as much as nick is a name if i started calling calvin you know terry mhm he would be like why are you calling me that it's so weird it's it's going to. affect the kid he he didn't seem to. mind too much well yeah well he you know. they would say clarance and he would go gay. yeah i know but it's just like you you you. it's been 3 years years. yeah three years it took you too long. to figure out your name. son's name well maybe she's been wrestling. with it for two years. yeah in which case. it's too late should long. though it's too long. but i like here's my problem. with this whole thing i like naming. him clarence i like the name clarence after a christian. slater character but nick is a great. name to romance. nick is a good name. i have nothing against the name. nick i'm just saying clarence is obviously a less common. name yeah uh and it has meaning to. her clearly and she thinks he's a clarence and not. a nick i i get that i can. relate i would not do that. i don't think ever but i don't think she's in any kind of wrong. it's too old you're going. to confuse him i think you name him. christian slater from tr romance that's what your name. what if you just named him. n nlar it all rose together. move it all nlar you know. you know your name is actually. short foress cl or you could if he doesn't have a middle name you just be like your middle name is clarence. what called clarence too it's all the same. thing it's all the same call. him clarence if you're going to. do something just start. calling him clarence but don't change it. legally that's just too much. and what if he's like oh man. why didn't you name me. nick when he turns to. be 15 he's like i like nick. better well when you're 18. you can change your name. to anything so that kind of is it's kind of cool. though to be growing. up to be like like as a 30yearold to. be like hey clarence you be like you know. that wasn't always my name. like that's pretty badass to. have that story too see so then change it. to clarence give your something to. talk about whatever we're giving you a lot. of probably be boring. if he's like most people in the world. give him something to. be less boring sist we're gonna die. anyway chang uh all right clarence seems very sweet. clar so good luck i always think of eminem i mean. i think of clarence thomas i third. so i don't know yeah. me too i'm smart. i think a lot of people will. or clarence clment cuz i'm musical. what's up matt what's up. chris uh been a viewer since the beginning. and i'm down to. do trivia to. prove that nice uh but for real. i love you guys you guys. have got me through. a really hard time. and i can never repay you. enough for that wow uh i need some advice. though us got this girlfriend. we've been dating for about. 4 years she has a brother he's 27. i'm 26 i'm 6'2 he's 5'9. nice but regardless um he's over. affectionate with my girlfriend and it needs to. be stopped and i don't know what to. say or what to. do every time we meet up. uh gives her like a big. hug and a forehead kiss. and he has a pet name. for her he calls her moomoo. he says i missed. you moomoo uh and then he's like overprotective and oh that's he just whines. about the weirdest things towards her. uh when we leave he gives another forehead. kiss and a bye moomoo. um but the other day. we were on the boat. me my girlfriend her. brother and the dad and we were all. tuckered out at the end. of the day her brother was off. doing something so we just said bye. to the dad and we kept pushing. um maybe an hour or two. later we get a call from the dad. that says her brother's so pissed. off why that she didn't say. bye to him. oh no that he didn't get his precious. by moomoo forehead kiss and that's really what threw me. over the edge but here's the caveat. he's such a sensitive guy. and the dad is such a sensitive guy. and the mom is such a sensitive lady. so i can't make things too awkward. because they'll never talk to. me again like if i i can't properly. just call him out and say hey big dogs. around no more forehead. no more moomo we're all adults here. uh i can't really do that. in a too aggressive way i. don't know what to. say any advice would be appreciated. again love you guys what. an interesting thing rips yeah it. does i i wonder what she thinks. well that's what i was going. to say that's the main thing. talk to your girl. and ask her or not ask her. don't foot around it just be like say big. dog's around listen you're look. look you're talking to. big dog now it's just you and big. dog okay look it's just you and big. dog so we can just you. know we don't have to. each other okay big dog. don't okay and do how do you in all honesty how do you feel. with like the level of affection. your brother displays for you. and the we like the overprotectiveness. that he displays. hey look look it's me. it's just big dog and mumu face. to face big dog. and mumu okay i'm your brother. right now imagine i'm your brother. and then get down like this. like real like low you know. cuz he's 5'9 be like first of all how does he get well she's probably. shorter yeah um just be like do you like the forehead. kisses do are you mumu or are. you my girl right. maybe she doesn't like it the the pet name. thing i don't who cares. i was going to. say that's not a thing. i mean siblings call. each other like that all the time. yeah yeah i call weakling. i call him boo bang. bang bing bing weakling. and boo bang bang binging uh. but um no bully. you a weakling so dumb. and an alien bing bing bing bing um but i don't uh. you know the forehead. kiss that's kind of odd. that it's always a forehead kiss. to me agree it's one. thing if you're i don't care. about that but like that's a weird. almost that makes it feel like it's a weird. ownership thing or something. or definitely sort of insecurity. thing i don't know but um the overly sensitive thing. is is terrible i mean. you're just being a big just being a person. big dog and if you were to. just say yo it makes me. uncomfortable with the way they're treated and then it was fine. but what do you mean. he's pissed off that she didn't. say bye sometimes you. just don't say bye to. somebody ever heard of irish people. and like you know like it's okay you know not you don't. to be like get over. it but like we're all adults. big dogs around and it's fine. yeah uh i think that for the for him. to say i don't want to. make a big deal about it. because they're never going to. talk to me again. is that's crazy people in her. family are clearly way too sensitive okay. now obviously you want to. accommodate for that as much. as you can cuz it's they're your girlfriend's. family you love your girl. but at a certain point. you cannot continue to. accommodate someone like that like you. you or a group of people. like that you can't. you can't you're big dog. dude you can't constantly be shackled. if you're big dog. you can't big dogs. do not you can't be shackled too. much right not yeah exactly. you you're going to. break free of those chains. eventually because you're big dog. yep if you're a big. dog you got to. be the big dog unfortunately it's your nature. yeah so i i mean it. sounds like you can at least. take a few steps first. to avoid a potential confrontation. m first and obvious and i'm i'm stunned. if you haven't done this already big dog. you you have to. talk to her your girl. about it frankly tell her. your feelings and ask her about her. own if she she might even say something. that might even put your mind. at ease and it's like actually it's like this. and you think about it. like a different way it might even make you. feel differently about it talk. to her about it. she'll understand if you're she already knows. you for four years. she's not going to. be like whoa where's this. coming from you're never like this. she already knows you're a big. dog right you know yeah. definitely talk to her. about it if you haven't done. it yet yeah that's step. one but even if you have talked to. her about it like talk. to her about it. in a in a different way. this time and just be like look it's it's too. much for me at this point. and i want to. talk to you about figuring out a way. to help me deal with this. is it me talking to. your brother is it you. talking to your brother. is it all three of us. having a conversation i don't want. it to be as you know. i want to. minimize potential sensitive reactions by. your family but like i'm totally down to. be as you know direct about it. as i can be but i don't want to. overstep anything that's going to. make you feel uncomfortable because obviously and this is you to. her like you're the most important. person in this situation to. me i want to. make sure anything i do is okay. with you and it's all good. that's weird the whole thing is kind of weird. you know i none of it. would bother me until the that. phone call then i would be like all right. so so i agree with you what. phone call that that the brother. got mad oh right. and the dad called it's like so imed and i want to. know if the dad was like on the brother's side. or like i don't know what to. tell you but your brother's mad. and i don't i don't know that's different. you know dad was like look. why didn't you call. you should have said goodbye to. your brother now he's upset. and it ruined his. day like in mment oh you guys. are babies dude in mment babies you're all babies. yep how's the mom feel. too uh like the last episode. you're all babies find a big. crib big dog needs to. find a big crib. and fit the entire family. into that big crib. okay well there have it. and then close the top of it. so they can't climb out. a cage yeah all right. cargo let's do it yo. what's up chris mat. that's a great beard so here's my question. chris i will sell you. my hair for $125,000 w. that's a bad deal now. here's the thing i literally just woke up. so i just want to. show you you know this. is just an even playing field. you know what i'm saying this. is just the canvas okay. right a lot to. work with there yeah yeah so my question. is i will sell you my hair. for $125,000 thank you we have the same. hair i guess i not really no. why would i want his hair. it's good hair sure but my hair is better. it's the same hair yeah i like my hair better. than his his beard is. killer he should have offered his beard. i'll tell you what well. maybe the beard's included. his beard is the beard. included he didn't say so imagine it's not. i don't want that beard. i think it's great but i don't want it. that beard would look crazy. on me if i had that. beard dude people would be like what the yeah he going. on that beard is so dense. that beard is so dense. that if you stuck your finger. in and pushed hard you. might not get to. his skin yeah. you know what i'm talking. about yeah it's like a brillopad yep. he it's like it's like a velcro. it's like not not hair no they shot they shot. deliverance in that beard yeah they did got a creek in it people are lost inside. beard right now they shot lost. in there is what they shot the smoke. monster in there yeah yeah um tes are all. all up in the back. who the taes what oh you. know the lost yeah i know about the taes. oh that's pretty cool i forgot. about the t wow. so anyway it's all good. hey matt and chris um to. keep it brief i have. recently decided that i am not going. to be drinking anymore. just because um every time i do i wake up. with a headache um um my body just doesn't respond. to it well and even if i don't drink. enough to get drunk. i still wake up feeling. crappy so um but because of that people people say really weird. and invasive things when when you tell them that you're not drinking for some reason. like oh are you an alcoholic. um to my face. or are you hiding the fact. that you're pregnant from us. because god forbid i just don't. want to drink alcohol. like you know of course there. has to be like this. big secret thing. um anyway but the reason i'm bringing this up. to you guys is because i'm very curious. what you guys would say in those. like bar scenarios and stuff. um when you're telling them. that you're not drinking um and they come back. at you with some weird. like pressy stuff or um making you. feel bad for she drinking. in the begin being invasive. anyway she said to. keep it brief i'm just. curious say what you guys. think of that and um yeah thank you. so sweet joking with you. but you did say to. keep it brief can't. say stuff like that about someone who's being so sweet. she's so sweet but she said. to keep it brief. and then it was four. minutes and it's all good. she's very sweet it was. a minute it was a minute. but it's all good all right. well what i'm saying is yeah. no i'm kidding but there. there is uh what she should do. is just say it might even be true. you don't know cuz you always get in headache. just be like y i figured out. i'm like allergic to. alcohol oh interesting because like it's not even really. a lie if if you if you're always getting a headache. afterwards just be like yo it gives me a headache. i'm allergic to. it and the thing is you'll get in people be. like oh really like what is it. that you're allergic to. the hops yeah or whatever. uh um i know what you could. do say to. me like well what what you drinking. tonight no i'm not oh how come don't. wantan to okay and that'll definitely get them. to stop talking to you but then you'll be known as the in. town she's so sweet imagine her doing that. that woman don't want to. she would do it like this. don't want to. um sorry you okay that's what she would do. yeah no you you that would if you don't want. to ah dude it's really annoying. i mean he never drank i stopped drinking. so people that know me. yeah i mean i used to. drink a lot too and i didn't. you know quit because of any internal reason. it wasn't like i was i mean. maybe i was an alcoholic. i actually don't even know. you just kind of stopped but i just stopped for a a health reason. uh a long time. ago and to. explain that health reason. would have been not only take too. long it would be really boring. and i'll sum it. up the doctor said his penis. was too small for for the doctor said. you know gosh you have this. tiny penis situation your penis. goes in and i was like well what do i do. about that they were like stop drinking. so i stop drinking uh and now it comes. out just peaks peaks. out a little bit it's still really small. uh from inside my body. and um no i i i actually i preempt. anything so when people are like what are you drinking. or can i get you a drink. i'll say no and if anybody comes at. me with more even just a look i'll say i'm not like an alcoholic. or anything i just don't drink. if you if you put out a vibe like shut the up. it be hard for her. they will shut the up. it' be hard for her. i know but it's not mean. though i don't mean like be a dick. i mean it's like if you put out. the vibe of like you don't. want to know about it. i don't want to. talk about it it's boring. like it's i'm not an alcoholic. i just i don't drink that. that is enough in my case. always no one's ever been like oh but what happened. you know it's just like that. guy doesn't drink and they can think oh what a bore. oh what a kill joy. but that's on them dude. even when i used to. drink a lot if someone was like no. i don't drink i was never one. of those people who was like oh oh think she's better. than me or like come. on just have a drink like they are like that. that those people suck. though those people suck just be like wa y. have a drink it be like uh oh yeah no oh you don't. drink why not i just don't drink. oh yeah well what's going on. how come did you stop or and be like did you ever. get an abortion and be like well what were you. doing do get personal be like i'll just figure since we're getting. personal i get personal with you and then and then just dance way. yeah like facing them. but like your shoulders are bouncing. um i think it's yeah it's annoying. that's one of those things. that everyone's always going to. have to deal with when they don't drink. but just say you're allergic to. it that's what i think dude. you think i'm a beanie. guy maybe let's find out. you certainly don't know how. to put one on let me see it. seems so ridiculous yeah you kind of don't. you don't you're not h. a hat head person i'm definitely not a ball. cap guy beanie maybe not a pink. one just kind of is silly. me here's the thing if you wore them. sometimes you would look okay i would have to. get people used to. it yeah so so so really that's not something. that it's not like i'm not. a beanie guy it's well it's exactly. like well i'm not a beanie. guy but exact i don't look. bad in beanies do i look. bad in beanies is what i'm asking. no i look bad in a lot. of baseball hats i will say. that i look bad in them. it's not that i'm not a hat. guy it's that i look bad. i am not a hat. guy but it's the fact that i look bad. in a lot of baseball. hats not all of them. okay okay i don't think i look. bad in these but i think it's a jaring because it's off. so off brand for you because i don't because i don't wear them. you know what i mean. yeah and that's fine. wow it doesn't matter going. to talk about it in therapy. next time about do you think that it's i could wear beanie. doctor all right yeah that sucks. and we both obviously sympathize. and can relate nip it in the bud. nip it in the bud. tone of voice vibe just let it. be known without actually saying the words. let's not talk about it. it's boring oh yeah came oh yeah. all over okay all right. next next all chris what's up. matt the hair uh big fan what's the hair. got some tea for you. some advice whatever your thoughts. so my best friend of 20. years is getting married. and he has never heard of a prenup. before i had to. be the guy to. bring it up to. him uh i guess that night he went to. his lady printed out a prenup. and she didn't want to. sign it printed wow when she didn't want to. sign it what did he do. he said oh it was my boy's idea. he put it on me. uhuh so ever since then she's been real. standoffish you know we're trying to. do double dates and all this. playing bachor party potato. chip i'm the best man. in his wedding jes uh yeah. what's your guys' thoughts. on that what's your guys' thoughts. on a prenup um he's 29 she's 36. he just started his business. i told him it's not just for men. it protects both parties what's you. guys' thoughts yeah well your friend. is a idiot if he's never heard of that. had to have been he's never heard. of in your words a preown. i had to be hyper hyperbole there's no way. that he has has heard of a prenup. i mean i'm taking it. although i would say guys with that hair. that he has definitely probably know. people that don't know a lot. of things and guys that have no idea. that crinkling something that much. while recording anything isn't going. to up the recording. this guy that might not be his fault. he probably isn't on camera. a lot let's let's give this guy. that let's not give him. the fact that you should cut your hair. his hair doesn't even bother. me i kind like i kind of like his hair. it's short and long in the back. i know it's kind of kind of cool. have it long or short. in the back i'm not even. worried mullet is fine i thought he's got a r tail. i thought his hair cool no he's got a rat tail. i'm not going to. lie just to. join your club of bashing. his hair i'm not going to. lie just to. be a part of your hair. bashing club okay so what's his question his question is how would you handle it now his girl now that guy's girl thinks he's a well the dude is a he's made which guy the other dude what do you mean how oh the guy who told me to. do it well also he printed. it out you need a lawyer. you need to. do it legally you can't. just be like and she has to. promise not to take all. of my money control p. like dude dude that's not what's control. be print yeah dude. prup google google p r e. n u mp print it's one. it's half a page and it's got all. the places like not filled. out like the blanks and yeah it is wow dude that's just that whole thing's crazy you you need to. go to a lawyer you need to. hire someone to. do it prenups are are are. good i guess they're good. to for both parties but they're a legal. matter you can't just pr. up a template this whole thing. is so bonkers what's what's he. what's the craziest is that. he was crinkling something for so long. not the craziest thing most annoying. part he didn't watch it. back and think oh my god i'm crinkling. so much no he either. did watch it back. didn't realize it or or didn't. watch it back he doesn't know those two both. of those two things are absolutely. guys who have short. hair in the back and long. hair in the back don't know. things i mean clearly you're right. but i like have friends who don't know things. in isolation if we're going to. take each thing in isolation. i' like his hair but i'm not denying. that that okay is true. okay okay so what you should do. is first of all i don't not not sure. how close you are to. the guy's girl but tell the dude. to throw you a bone. dude cover for you a little bit it's not. it's not his fault here. it's not your fault. here's the advice i would ultimately give you yeah. who the cares man i guess. she's going to get over. it she's not like you didn't like call. her a gold digging piece of or something. you just said in prup it. says that get a prenup. gold digging piece of prenup. man it bothers me. that it was throwing an m in there. what what m he kept saying. prump and i was like maybe maybe just hearing. that but then he said it. before i even said anything. on he was saying pren nump yes. wasn't he yes you know why. we both thought it short. hair and long hair. look i like the hair in isolation. but it might come with a suite. of other characteristics including saying. prump including not knowing that crinkling. too many things while you're recording. something ruins it. he just had cellophane yeah he's just like so hey guys so i just wanted to. talk to you about pren. nums just like this guys. i mean if was what he did. he reached over for i know. i know um i don't i that's what if it. said prump on the top. of the thing that he printed. he write on the header it says our. prump it doesn't even have their names. me and my girls decided we're going to. split it period. the prenup contrl p te prump. t prump instead of the and there's no. h in just so up. went to homer simpson law. um all right dude. uh yeah that's whole thing. is crazy that it's not your fault. how is your if he's never honestly. if this dude's never heard of a preup then he's got way. bigger issues that's that's crazy. no but here's the absolute truest possible. thing if he's never heard of a prenup. he 100% guaranteed does not need a prenup. because he's a idiot and he's not going to. accumulate a lot of money in his lifetime. oh it's still he's starting a business. he said yeah a business. of being a dumb okay. not a good business. dumb incorporated that's his business. i would definitely want to. know what that is good marketing. good marketing all right. yeah next one next one. hey matt hey chris uh need some advice. i'm a uh teacher um and the teacher. that teaches next to. me uh right down the hall. um thinks we're best friends. and i'm not a not a big. fan of this person don't have anything. against their character just they're kind of annoying. and always want to. have conversations with me and always want. to you know come in during my room. on our lunch break and you know. talk about mostly complain complain about students. and coworkers and things like that and sometimes. i just you know want. to chill by myself but also don't want. to be a jerk and whatever. so um dr yeah any advice. on how i can tell him. to chill and leave me alone. while not being a douche to. him you know yeah okay. uh well this is a common. theme i think in our uh in the show. we get one of these types. of things every so often so it leads me to. believe that this is like a pretty universally. relatable problem the the person at work that thinks they're friends. with you when you don't want. to be friends with them at all. mhm i think in your situation. because you're a teacher. and they're a teacher. and it's kind of just independent. and it's not technically teachers don't even really have to. interact with each other unlike most. job situations i think tell me if i'm wrong. you have license you have more latitude to. be an actual dick. about it what than what. than someone who like shares a an office. with someone oh them all the time. and they take conference conferences. together or whatever you know what i mean. this you can be like i'm not saying you should do. this but you have the right. to and i don't think it. would come back to. bite you too bad if you were. like look i really appreciate my breaks. alone like if you don't mind. uh leave me the alone. wow you know yeah or just say you're grading. papers dude i don't but that. you can't say that every time. you could no no i think no. i think you need to. do something that is going. to last got it you can't. have you can't be like every single time. you need a new excuse. cuz you're a liar. it's it's like it's like americ like i got to. return vide tapes once and then it will never be weird. again yeah true but you got lay it down. lay it down once yeah but then it's weird. when you see them and stuff. not really but if you don't care. create an enemy keep your enemies. close keep your friends. close your enemies close. doesn't apply at all doesn't even. big big believer in sunu. in the art of war. man wow okay say that. was that from him sunzu the enemies. thing friends close enemies closer. yep sunu okay wow okay well actually i think it's michael valley. m valley michael valley i think. michael valley said that. is it mlli that said that. or is it sunu no. it's sunu i'm very cultural i'm very historical friends. close keep your enemies closer. your friendenemies inside your butthole. i think that might have been mai. it was sunsu yes dude i'm so smart. here's the thing about that. the art of war i. got the art of war. because tupac chang is named. to makavelli and it was from makavelli and i started w. listening i started reading makavelli and then i started looking at sunsu but that is not right. he didn't mav didn't but i that in that. world of of stuff i was kind of you. know what i mean it's like the same. universe in a way like how avengers are you. know oh i got into. spiderman cuz i got into. superman that kind of thing. okay okay you were worried. about the beginning being boring. that wasn't boring this that. was boring i truly think that. that was not boring okay. so we dis we agree to. disagree agree to. disagree but i will say though. that the art of war. was not good and i will also say that. he was that was one. of those things remember back. then i'm not saying it wasn't good. i'm joking but like back. wrote art of war yeah. okay but back then. was it really smart. to say those things or was it. just he was the first guy. to do it you know. what i'm talking about well. it's still smart to. say those things it's smart. keep your friends close to. enemies closer no the whole thing. i'm not that not just that. keep your friends clos your enemies. closer is a very smart. thing to i guess. come up with it's not a smart. thing to just be like oh that's dope. i'm gonna say that too. no so my point. is is sunu really the kind of guy. who comes up with keep. your friends closer enemies. closer or is he a guy. that kind of maybe heard someone else. say it and be like no it's kind of dope. i'm going put it in my book. sunzu definitely didn't hear other people. saying anything he probably came into. contact with like 80. people in his life back. then it's not like you could hear other people saying things. you know a pigeon could have dropped it. off what yeah pig yeah. yeah maybe but i don't think that happened. either by the way do you ever believe that. that ever would work ever worked. i don't ever believe that. worked put a note in the pigeon and fly. it to another town. i believe it worked but i can't. i i can't believe that. humans actually figured that. out but yeah that was a real that is a real thing i believe it. never worked once oh okay you put it yo the they're coming to. get you yeah yeah oh well i actually don't even. know how that works that's a good. point but i guarantee you it. it has worked you know. no not once i hate when they do. that movies when and the window. s and the and the las oh. what's this oh a handsome. su lik it doesn't really happen that often in movies you know what i mean. every single every single movie. where there's castles that. it it almost happens and like frilly stuff. yeah it doesn't happ like. ben stiller movies but i'm just saying like yeah. that that's that's never worked once. and we are led to. believe that that's worked and that's never worked. once we'll get to. the bottom of it on on luxury. okay okay all right we'll really research it and everything. uh let's get one. more in though before this. ends okay we got we got one. hey guys love the podcast. uh chris and matt love. what you're doing uh chris will be send you in richmond. virginia in november so question. for today i share the name. of an extremely famous athlete. um someone who's no longer. playing but but was huge when they were gaylord. perry every time i meet anyone. it always comes up they say. oh you used to. play for you know. some kind of corny joke. oh no i work with a lot. of like white collar guys. so i can't slam them into. oblivion like i'd like to. um so any tips you have to. deal into that what can. i do to kind of get back. to these guys and just let them know like yeah. you know you're not being original. here that sucks all. right thanks guys what sucks. is like imagine your name. was for real like bobby bania samy. sosa yeah like it noar garcia. para like it jose cono. would be incredible yeah it. sucks yeah it sucks and also what. were your parents thinking although it. could have happened to. where they didn't know. it was going to. happen right they could have named you. before the guy got famous. of course but he said he doesn't play. anymore so one would believe yeah he was probably. around and then the parents. probably just didn't no. no yeah um but that being said we only said baseball. players which is great i was just gonna say that. but we're interesting yeah yeah manb. you know his oj simpson his name. is manb very famous uh believed murderer. to some and murderer. you know well he you know. no i know never was convicted. no he certainly wasn't but but but pretty much. i think he did it. he did it and everyone. and everyone knows it um it could have been his son. dude oj simpson's son. you that conspiracy it's pretty. wild there's a there's a conspiracy. theory that there was a serial killer at that time. and was purportedly in that area. and there's a whole book. really written about it i think there was even. a tv movie made about the book. that posits the theory that. it was in fact a serial killer who killed. nicole brown and ron. gold what isn't that crazy. whoa yeah the the you got to. look up the sun one. it's pretty wild especially like me. being a dad i'd be like oh actually i could see that. cuz like if the kid the kid. had a little bit of some issues. and then went crazy and then the dad's like did. it same dna anyway. who's his son tom simpson no i have no. idea bj simpson is uh wait. blow what did this person. ask about oh the name uh yeah. i think what you do. it's similar to. the uh not drinking thing you introduce yourself and you and you without being a dick. just be like how haha i know it's this. because you don't want to. let the person think they're going. to be clever here's the thing. about that it's bad. for everybody the person that thinks they're being clever. it's bad for you obviously. because you're so sick and tired. of it but it's bad for them. because it makes you think that person. is just a idiot like everybody. else who thinks they're clever so like you do. you have you have an incentive. to nip it in the butt. you want to. like new people that you meet and they're putting themselves. in such a hole when you first meet them. by being like oh mark maguire. hey big mac you know. let me check those arms you're on. steroids like there's going to. be some joke that. they fold in about the superstar athlete. that whoever the it is i think uh just it's just p. like just p yeah just say you're that. guy who cares well he yeah. that's me man great. i'm tim duncan no he works. with people he needs to. be professional i know. you still think i'm tim. duncan man yeah yeah. yeah yeah you got it dude. i'm i'm uh robinson what's the guy's name. david robinson wow david rob. dude he was the man. huh yeah damn his hair. was really that's me dude. i'm oil camboy oil can boy wow. uh jaylord perry that's the first one. you said right yeah that's what i said. so so it's all good. i'm denis sle all right. look you can go get grow. or diey the special. my fifth special it's at chris. lea dot com uh and uh our patreon. lifeline luxury is a uh patreon dot com. lifeline luxury you want to. be a guest on my podcast. what's up my new podcast. coming out you got a crazy. story you got a wild. story you got a story you want to. share with the world go. to the privat. record dot com submit yourself as a guest. to come on the show. and tell me that story thank you. very much uh yeah. you know chris is on tour. going to different places. like trenton phoenix who cares and uh you want a oneonone with. me go to mia. dot com wow you have a question. uh click the link in the description. below or obviously go to. watch lifeline dot com to. get on this show or leave. us a message at the hotline. you don't even need to. show your face wow uh and of course if you want the merch. go to lifeline merch dot com. and buy every single piece of it. in every single size or you. hate us you know dude. uh i got new dates. go to chris dot com. thanks very much hello. hello hello please hello hell hello. hello hello 