 [music] runk h. hello hello hello [music] will hello. hello sad it's sad. richard lewis died and it's also weird. because i was just thinking about him. like a few days ago. and i was thinking i wonder. how long he's going. to live you killed him. that's yeah man i saw him. at a i we used me. and dad used to. go to dodger games. all the time he used. to go all the time. too we used to. see him all the time. and i'll tell you what that. guy's looked bad for a minute. like he looked not like he looked bad. like he he wasn't aesthetically. appe i'm talking about he looked ill. yeah he didn't look salow. something was up yeah but but but i thought maybe he just looked cuz like the smoking. and everything yeah i didn't think it. was i think he was sober. and didn't like i think he was good later. in life he just looked sick. he was so funny though. like such a true. rich lewi yeah he really really really was rest. in peace dude yeah big fans. rest in peace yeah yeah always been a fan. of him ever since i was a kid. he was so funny go. look at his old. standup for sure yeah god he was funny. his whole vibe the thing. i really liked him the persona. he had on stage with the big. jacket the black that was him. in life too like anywhere. in the world that was what he wore. like that was that wasn't really a persona. that's who was he's just a true. comedian just funny already before. he even starts talking you. know um it's sad and you know um but rest in peace yeah. dude great life great talent. thanks for everything. richard lewis yeah yeah uh but you know what it's episode. 99 and guess what it's sunday. march 3rd and guess what else what not only this part's. not a big deal took. a shower today great right. not that big of a deal. washed my hair big deal so so we're going to. have a great episode. do you want to. talk about before we even. get into that stuff do you want. to talk about um how i feel about you taking a shower. and washing your hair. or no if you want to. i know sometimes you don't like to. talk about that stuff no it's fine. i mean i brought it. up whatever you got to. say go ahead okay i'm going. to tell you something and i want i want you to. know that i truly mean. it uh oh no it's good. oh okay you look fantastic. yeah i feel fantastic. too yeah so i don't know. maybe i'll you look better. than you've looked in a very very long. time okay see now it was good. now you're teetering is. saying basically i've looked ugly. for the last many many i did. not say you looked ugly. no you didn't say that. and you did not look. ugly okay cool well thank you. i feel better thank you. for saying i look better. everyone agrees you guys all. agree i look better. thank you very much for saying. that under your breath. to yourself trump trump. so why why why don't you take. showers uh sorry sorry you take your showers. daily i know that but why don't you wash your hair. more i guess dude. honestly i'll be real m i don't like to. oh there you go. and it's very simple that's good. enough yeah i just don't like to. do it that's good enough. uh i i i used to. get my haircut by this. guy who uh would say he would say you know. don't you shouldn't wash your hair. period that is honestly i've been told that as well by people who like same same. thing but like and that's what i've always said. like it's cuz it's better. but in all reality even. if it wasn't better. i probably still wouldn't wash. my hair like i just don't like to. do it so right. every once in a while someone will comment was your hair. matt guess what don't like when you say. that uh not going to. listen to you when you say that. yeah no that's for sure. but people say people say to. me all the time you need to. take a shower and wash your hair. take a shower you're the cleanest. person i know i know people think i look like i'm greasy and i i i am. for sure the cleanest person you know. that's borderline racist they say. that cuz you're italian. italians are naturally oily and guess. what everybody who says that. to one of us you're racist. yeah i am [ __ ] i am i when you see me. i'm showered oh yeah def day. i i'll skip a day. every once in a while you never never do. and i wash my hair every few you know. few days uh yeah well they have it. they have it and you know. what it's still episode 99. and guess what get over. to the patreon that's where it's on. and popping patreon dot com. lifeline luxury it's just us. no submissions talking about great. stuff family stuff cool. stuff slick stuff raw stuff. it's honestly getting better and better. better go sign up join. the club and get in there. and start loving talk about let me. talk about the private record. for a second the new episode. m is the craziest most on. and popp in the new episode. of the private record my solo podcast. go subscribe right now you interviewed jesus. christ it is close a cult member. a former cult member. oh and it's this little known. cult that honestly nobody knows anything. about this dude's actually blowing the doors. off i got an exclusive. story like like i'm dan rather. or tom broka or something wow get over. there watch episode 6 it's crazy. the cult that he's from is. crazy he escaped and he's blowing. the doors off it. is wild wow uh episode. actually uh came out on wednesday. check it out now it's truly truly truly crazy. uh yeah and subscribe. to that that would mean a lot. to me and i love you. uh and yeah you want you got a question. uh for matt you could go. to mata dot com. if you want to. go a question for us. then you go to. watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline and the lifeline. merch is lifeline merch dot com. so let's get into. it so what else oh wow. the worst the worst the worst. the worst you know. i don't know man you know. what i'm saying i'm just uh i went i got coffee. i'm wearing shorts the the worst. conversationalist of all time i got coffee. i'm wearing shorts yeah dude. um but i don't usually wear shorts. i'm wearing shorts and guess. what it was a mistake. cuz it's kind of cold. out you always wear shorts. i do yes now what now it's a new. development i'm saying for only been true. for like five four five. months okay yeah so you know cut me. some that's kind of you can say. always i me i guess. you could say it's just new it's a pretty. new development i literally well hold on i went from for like a dozen. years or more every single day. wearing long pants quarteroids only okay so it's which weird. that you wouldn't wear bro. you still don't wear jeans. no no i haven't worn a pair. of jeans in over. 15 years that is so so weird. i don't like the way. my legs in them dude. find me a pair that. is like nice and soft. for the legs and i'm i'll wear those jeans. but the jeans denim. i love denim but i need something. under the denim cuz i don't like the way. denim feels on my skin i i get i i get it. i wear denim shirt. denim jacket all the time it's definitely it's definitely not. sweat it's definitely not corduroy sweats are so good. dude but but these are soft. i've i've had these for years. yeah trying to get me. to touch your legs uh see over here. in like in in this area. um but yeah uh and um you know. i i just i got coffee. and when i when i got coffee. she said uh what would you. like and i said four. shots over ice and um she said okay. and she said chris. and i said yeah and she said that's what i thought. and it wasn't because she knew. who i was as a famous. person she knew who i was because i go. there and i like that and i really like that. both being gth brooks now. listen and that's very because i i like that i have a spot like i want. to go where everybody. knows your name good no. it wasn't good was it. better than i used to. do it no okay he's honest. he's honest i got i will be honest. about that with you're saying. you're uh i think you're the worst. singer i've ever met in my life. i mean nobody else thinks that everybody. thinks i'm a great. singer no no no it's either. you or someone else i know. but i'm not going to. expose so vague you're you're only going. to bash me up throw me to. the wolvves i got you well you're here. you can handle yourself. you know i especially when i'm singing. um but it is weird. that i can carry a tune. and you can't like we're brothers yeah. no i can all right. he's delusional he's delusional folks. but uh yeah so um i i i i i like that. i have a spot i i i like that. i have a spot i don't know. i i like i want to. have well i've always been like that. my spots you're the most. routine guy i i like a a good routine. but i'll break break it. and then just start a new one. and not even remember the previous. one you are the most like i want. to do the thing i want to. do every day at the same. time the same way every single day. i can identify with that. though because if i miss like take the gym. if i miss three days of the gym. yeah going the fourth day. is next to. impossible and i'm just like i'm maybe i'll just quit but is that why you do it what the routine. based thing i feel like that's not why. you have the routines that. you you're so like you're so set. up in your brain. and your life i feel like for the routine. right so but that's not why. you don't stick to. the routine because if you don't you. won't continue it no. it's not no i i like i have my routine. and i like it but then once i realize oh i don't need to. do that which is very rare. i can i can be like oh wait. hold on i can give up. how about realizing you're free to. to give up yeah yeah yeah. but that's what i'm saying. it's the best feeling like i was thinking. about like i love to. go to like if i have a spot. on like a friday or saturday. night like i go to. laugh factory like last weekend i love. to go get coffee. first it's it's like it's very much pleasure. you know far in getting. coffee at night is so armenian. be real russian yeah that people are always like you get coffee. this late at night and i'm like yeah. it doesn't affect me dude. but anyway you know dude. i'll have an espresso and fall right. asleep yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so. it's it's it's i don't know. people are are like literally blown. away by it they go you know they're like what are you doing. like cuz coffee shop's clos at like four i hate that. [ __ ] i don't like that either no dude you do you even want. to be open you know. what i'm you know what i'm saying. you know why they do that. though cuz most people are the way you're describing they're making mone they don't get business they don't get business but it's like dude that [ __ ] late night coffee bro oh my god yeah i'm into. it oh my god at a diner. in one of those ceramic [ __ ] you know what i do. sometimes oh my god dude. just waiting it's too hot. and just waiting a little bit just smelling it. you know what i mean. just waiting while it's and guess what i'm at the diner. just getting a coffee oh my god. dude what is it [ __ ] 2. 220 you like the ritual. 2:20 at night and it's 220. that's how much it costs. and i could smell it. and it's too hot. to sip but i'm waiting oh my god dude. wow the way you're talking about can't tell if you're disgusted. or if you love it. you know it could be could go either. way i just love it. yeah yeah sometimes the good. coffee shops that i like. they they close early. the good close early. so sometimes i'll order. just before they close. just so i have it. so i can have it. late at night but i like the whole experience. of being at the place. care get get out of here. with that just give me the coffee. i don't want to. like be there like i'm like i'm in the show. friends hey guys welcome to. coffee talk oh i love. being if i was if there was a place like the place. in friends like the central. perk dude yo i would be there all the time why aren't there coffee shops like that. anymore they made tried to. make that here i have something. people don't hang out enough. anymore i was reading an article yeah. i read he reads. and teenagers but everyone nobody hangs out. anymore like the numbers. are actually plummeting on people who see more than one. person every week socially because because of well two things. co and also the internet. of course but hey everybody see people see people like people who are half. m half dolphins have. people so dumb you you. see more people see more see more people well look um thank you very much uh did that nobody did anything. why you saying elvis and uh thank you. very much we have a good time. let's get into it. okay yeah matt chris love. you guys um that cute. uh hispanic girl just sent a video in and talking about the using the word. seen instead of saw oh yeah. and uh there's been a lot. of language things that are changing. over the past couple years. and it's driving me absolutely. nuts one of them is the word. similar two things are similar. to each other they are similar. yeah it is not similar. s sim i'm hearing. this in like youtube. videos and people's podcasts they just. saying the word like that's the [ __ ] word it's like it's like nuclear. no dude that's not the word. it's similar like what the [ __ ] is going. on yeah what is going. on guys yeah but okay it's the same. thing as nuclear say. nuclear say nuclear say. similar these are the words. say what the word is. it's it's not the same. as the other scene what is it. what was it what are you. talking oh oh no no. he talking about previous submission. that the guy was referring. to made him call in whatever. whatever it was i seen. it i seen it that's different. i know but he's expanding on the idea. and that's okay i no no. no i know but i seen it. people know that that's wrong. maybe similar is something an idiot. does right right right. okay so you're making a distinction. between some the the first group. of people aren't necessarily idiots. yes and i don't anyone that. says similar is an idiot. but when they're doing that. they're being an idot they're being an idiot. yeah yeah totally cuz i think i think smart. people similar is crazy. dumb similar nucular what is. it people say nuclear when it's it's obviously. nuclear u people there's a bunch of things. like that george bush used. to say he used to. say it um uh he's troubling because he had the nuclear. codes but um yeah it's nuclear. it's similar don't also here's the thing. similar and nuclear are easier. to say than the wrong. things people make up and say instead no i think nuclear. is easier to. say that yeah people think easier is harder. to say than nuclear. nuclear cuz the c. and l up right. now they want to. put something in between. it yes yeah okay yeah yes. nuclear is not as easy. to say as nuclear. okay similar is there's nothing e. i'm losing my mind. right now i cuz like i don't i i can't. tell what reality is and what reality. isn't why nuclear is real. okay got it got it. okay yeah uh my buddy. said the other day. instead of mesmerized he said. memorized you have always had the dumbest friends. on earth he also said admit. it oh i know yeah. okay he also said instead of rant. he said tyrant wait. wait like someone goes on. a rant he's like yeah you're going. on this whole ty rant. oh he meant tyrant ra maybe cuz that's something. oh maybe he meant ty. raade either way t ty raade. gibson dude either way that is. so dumb maybe he meant. maybe he meant that yeah no i thought he meant. rant because rant is in tyrant. but yeah you know why. you thought that cuz what he said. was really dumb and you. could lot of things yeah. exactly you know it's just me. just trying to. make sense of it all you know. me being me huh. yeah yeah this is me. being me i'm the craziest guy. in the world oh man. wonder if we could find that. clip drew barrymore saying she's the silliest. so when we were really young. we saw on like vh1 uh which chris was. it even producer's mom used. to call vhs1 when we were kids. which is hilarious her his mom. yeah his mom vhs1. yeah wow turn you're watching too. much vhs1 uh i wasn't allowed. to watch mtv or vhs1. crazy man that's strict vhs1. was way mt vhs1 for. vhs1 uh there was a video. that chris and i saw that. we still talk about drew barrymore who by. the way her show her new show. is the is the craziest show. i've ever seen in se once. hectic dude terrible uh she's she's so. insane she's entertaining actually for real but back. in the day she said. on camera i'm like the craziest person. you you you'll ever meet i think she might have said silly. silliest i'm like the silliest person. you ever met and she was like either. way chris and i agreed. back then that anyone who says that is absolutely. not that yeah it was also the the first time. kind of i maybe felt cringe. when i was a kid. well she's the queen of cringe. now in an actually good way. it's amazing okay how hilarious she is. terrible so um anyway oh yeah no it is. yeah no no no but it's terrible. so uh all right but it's like so terrible. i want to. watch it you get what i'm saying. i yeah i do get what. you're saying i mean you know. i love that [ __ ] but okay next one all right. new one hey guys it's me. again the guy who wants to. be friends with matt i definitely wasn't crying. in the last video. so don't even say that. i was i definitely wasn't okay. he's a good actor dude. look at him he said quiet. what he wasn't quiet. crying oh is he crying. now that's what he's doing. he's a good actor that's what. i'm saying he's acting like he's crying. but saying he's not crying sign. him up leonardo dicaprio yeah. leonardo caprio sign that. guy up for your next movie. can you when's the last time. you cried cried uh not that long. ago like i think september. i mean my therapist the way. you're acting want to. ask me that question dude. the other day you want to. ask me that question sure. when's the last time you cried. hour ago uh the other day i uh i had so much going. on and i realized i i was going. to have to. miss my therapy appointment so i texted my therapist. and i sent this long apologetic. text oh god like explaining why cuz i i didn't want. to be like close. to the appointment being like sorry. i can't make it by okay. so i gave pay for it. right so [ __ ] it but we usually reschedule like all right. so she's cool like that. uh but anyway she goes we don't have appointment. today our next appointment. is next wednesday how. funny is that that's funny. in my busy day that i couldn't yeah you had to. write this whole thing i had to. write this whole thing wow. anyway so that's what i'll talk. about next therapy session. yeah that's not um not worth. it she should have just wrote back. um awkward yeah okay next one. hey guys uh what's your take on. people trying to get you to. sign petitions oh bro or join. a group dude join. a group we got a ongoing. situation here in colorado springs. with multiple groups now because they realize they can. get away with it camping. out in front of every grocery store. in the city to. the point where they've had to. put signs out saying hey we acknowledge these people. are here we've gotting the complaints but does mean there's nothing we can do about it. they're legally allowed to. be here you talking about. homeless i get that they're trying. to spread awareness of whatever. their cause is but i don't care. what it does he doesn't care. um how would you guys handle it. i i have to. see these people every day. i go to the grocery. store are i know they're protesters i guess. i don't want to. be rude but it's to. the point where i have no other choice. yeah i just try. to ignore them it's it. gets awkward it's it's the same. people over and over multiple times um what. do you do what do you say. you just ignore them. let's hear it should we talk. about how long it. took you to understand. what he was saying or you wants. and then and i don't know why. i got crossed up. that he was and join. groups trying to get you to. join their organization i changed. it to donate. money that kind of stuff. yeah of course i of course. was being obvious and i was being stupid. i'm a stupid person wow wow i [ __ ] suck philip seamour hoffman and boogie. kns uh so yeah it's the most annoying. thing in the world there's this one. cvs that i go to. uh and always always always somebody from the salvation. army is out front and always always always they try. to get my attention. no matter what i'm doing i've even tested. it out i'll be like i'll be like totally lying. acting like i'm on the phone. in like a really serious. dramatic phone call oh wow. and they'll be like excuse me sir. excuse me sir yeah it doesn't matter. it doesn't matter how busy or occupied i seem they will try. to interrupt me wow what if you got in a physical. fight with somebody and you were punching and [ __ ] and they like excuse me excuse me dude. i think keep throwing blows. but i wanted to. ask you guys a question. in between bl so uh the petition. thing is weird do they i get the only time. they get people is when they feel bad. or like okay you know. of course but uh uh i don't do that. but i am al. like when they're like are you registered. toe or whatever i'm just like what's the right. answer for them to. leave me alone yes you know. and then sometimes you're like i'm already. registered and they go oh and you're like [ __ ] pick the right. one but sometimes you're like no or whatever. it is and they say then can i talk to. you for a second and then you lose. but i take that anger. of how i lost and i flip. it in a judo way. and i go no thank you. and i put it on them. okay here's the way to. put the kabash on it. though ask if you don't already. know ask them what what organization. they're representing they say it say oh i already support. and donate thank you oh. what's your what's your uh what are your what your organization. oh oh really oh okay. i'm their enemy i can't right. right that's good too i. actually am with a different organ. organization that is their enemy. yeah that's good too and then moonwalk. into cvs also dude. it's okay it's okay just to. be like no sorry i'm in a rush. and just keep going i but we we live in a society. now where when you just do that. people just think you're a dick. but that's fine we've created. that here's i feel guilty after. that here's what's okay. i feel bad here's the thing. it is okay for people to. think you're a dick. when you are not it. is not okay to. be a dick but what about. young chris what about young chris that grew up. wanting to make everybody. feel okay i mean who gives a [ __ ] about that. guy well young chris is still deeply deeply. ingrained into chris. so [ __ ] annoying chris is still deeply ingrained and has tapes that play over and over again. and no matter how hard young. chris tries to. no matter how hard regular chris. tries to shake. it or break up those. tapes they alas they still remain. yeah i'm young i'm i'm so young. still what about young what. about trying to ring it's tough it's really hard. wow what was that it is hard. man you get so comfortable. with the way things are in the first. 10 years of your life. that you just keep reverting. and going back to. that so you keep reverting. to the way you were when you were 9. years old i just took a [ __ ] in my pants. and only eat mac and cheese. just be busy and tell them. you're busy in a rush like byy dude. not everybody deserves or not. not everybody deserves your time. you don't deserve my time. what if you said that. you say that it doesn't matter. what about this i have a good. friend who used to. his job was to. canvas for like [ __ ] like this. right it was a paid. job he wasn't a volunteer. okay and you know guys know who that. actor james remar is i know. the name he's you app. anthony will we pull him up r. e m ar you're absolutely. 100% ar schwarzenegger 100% you're absolutely 100% know. who james rar is see. you absolutely know who that. guy is right oh yeah tons of stuff. he's even in like sex. in the city the warriors when he was young. dexter 48 hours of course. okay relax uh oh he's the dad. in dexter right yeah okay. james rear went up to. my friend who was trying. to get him to. either donate or sign something. i don't know and got so mad at him. and said you don't really believe. in this cause you're just a paid. employee isn't that right isn't that right. you don't give a [ __ ] you just work for this. company don't [ __ ] me i know. the truth and my friend. was like yeah it's this. is this is my job. yeah and he goes i [ __ ] knew it oh that's hilarious. how funny is that that's so funny. like you had some conspiracy. theory that he's always believed finally brought it's like yeah no [ __ ] it's his job this guy's not out of here for free trying to. get you signed up for [ __ ] green. piece well i mean if you really were bad. about it you would be yeah but that's not a knock on the person. trying to get you to. do it everybody needs a job. no no right right right right. right is that that's not the [ __ ] point of attack. yeah you're well what do you do. you're an actor right yeah [ __ ] i knew it. yeah exactly should you play. dexter's dad yeah i [ __ ] knew it dude but also like for a rich. guy to do that is so like famous. rich guy what a [ __ ] dick. dude yeah but people are so wrapped. up in their own [ __ ] heads. yeah james re mar but also you got to. you got to you got to. give people some grace like here's the deal. like i uh i thought about like okay. here we go this is going. to be good i can already. tell i i was i when i was getting my coffee. today i i parked in the uh uh chase bank. parking lot now it says for chase. bank customers only y but i look at it. and guess what you got to. pay for the parking lot. you got to pay for parking. oh i know that i know. oh i did the thing yeah. so i'm like hey if i got to. pay for parking i'm going. anywhere after this you don't get to. tell me i can only go to. a certain place if i'm paying you have to. pay to park. in the chase bank. parking lot i think well. yeah to go to. chase it's what it. is that's the most it is. weird nobody everybody you got to. take a picture the sign. wow anyway i go to. the coffee shop i come back. by the way the worker. there was like oh just so you know. you got to put your lense pl. like he knew i wasn't going. there he didn't give a [ __ ] right. he just a jum so that's fine. i come back there are uh cones. in block in the way. i came in uh and i got the first parking. space right so it's full i guess. nobody can come in but when i pull out. i'm going to i'm going. to hit the cones. because it's the first i got the first space. yeah right yeah so i pull in or i'm sorry. i get in my car. and i look behind me. nobody's in sight and the and the and the uh cones. are there yeah so i think well i either get out. i move the cones. or i wait or i run. them over okay and i thought i've had a bad. day so far i know yeah. okay yeah i'm not doing any extra. work uhhuh and i just crumple over. him right yeah of course you did and people go. like are like right yeah yeah like cuz they hear the sound like is he crashing. you know and then i drive and i think if somebody saw me do that. crystalia they might be like what a [ __ ] dick. they don't know about the day. i had and i didn't think i had a bad day. i deserve this i was just in a mood. you were having a bad. day yeah yeah yeah and you know you never know. what people are going through. so maybe james remar had a really [ __ ] day here's the difference though. those cones have no consciousness so you can't upset. the cone to to. have a bad day. and take it out on a [ __ ] paring nobody gives a [ __ ] to. have a bad day. and take it out on somebody. who's trying to get you. to sign a petition you're a. [ __ ] [ __ ] but then i got out and i took the cone and i shoved. it up someone's ass okay. well then then at that at that point. ended up liking it. cuz we are in west hollywood. but oh then nobody had any yeah it was actually. fun for him not me. i didn't i thought it was just having a bad. dig yeah yeah i don't want to. be doing this i want you to. like this i don't want you. to like this he like keep going. um all right next one. hey chris hey matt hello. i love you guys i absolutely. love the podcast my name is courtney. i'm from connecticut like quick question. i would love to. hear what you guys have to. say so i was recently. on a plane and i had the middle. seat so it was an older. plane and the control for the tv. was on the armrest the lady. next to me kept hitting the buttons for my screen. it would turned down the brightness. or the volume love it so i ended up saying to. her like halfway through the flight. i was like hey you're hitting buttons my screen. and she apologized she was. super nice about it but my question. is if you are sitting in the middle sea on a plane. do you get both armrests. that's a good question. [music] um i don't think about that. you know i mean like you you know. it's just like if they're there. i go oh they're there. now yeah i it's like this. is part of the game. and and if they get up go. to the bathroom i get to. have it for a little bit after that. you know what i think is yeah. that's a good that's that's how i think i you. know i i what i think is wherever. their arm is i'm going. to use another part. of them yeah that exactly right. right same yeah whoever my arm. is they're going to. use the other part right. like we're we're here we're in this. world together people yeah but i will say one thing. i don't subscribe to. is there are actually people that think that you should not. recline your chair wait. what they think it's rude. if you recline your chair. on the airplane it's at all. yeah they think yeah they think if you do it you're a dick. which is [ __ ] crazy for why. would it be an option if that. it's like air yeah well that's the whole. argument i think but people are like do like it. was like they've done i've seen it. online before like are you do you put your seat. back or no on the airplane. and people are like no way. [ __ ] that you don't do. that and then some people are like i paid. for it i'm going to. do that yeah it's crazy. i mean it's just the internet. being the internet but like every hey everybody. everybody recline your seat so it's all. the same in the entire plane. h i fly obviously business. class when they we recline recline way. back into me i'll shampoo your hair. i don't give a [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah yeah give him a nice little head. massage yeah no that's crazy. dude the way people are about flying. like look it sucks. for everybody like shut up and unless somebody's really acting out. or causing problems for a. lot of other people just shut up go. to the place you're there's hundreds of people. on the plane they're all. uncomfortable everybody's in the same. boat plane you know. what i'm saying yeah it's weird. that's what i do when i go. on a plane i think all right. this is going to. suck for as long as the flight. is you don't expect comfort but i think people are like all right yeah you know yeah i i'm not that way either yeah i'm not way i'm just like this is going to. suck it's goingon to. dude do you ever [ __ ] land. home and you think awesome. i'm home and then the next. thought is this is the worst. the worst i hate remembering. this when i'm when i land. oh [ __ ] dude i'm not actually going to. be home for another hour. and a half or two. hours dude you land. and you're home but you're like this. is only like halfway dude. that it's funny to. think about it is when you think of it. that i get so so upset. dude i've never i don't think i've ever. had that feeling maybe well now you will. sorry way to. [ __ ] it up for me it sucks. dude it's half. the battle g. flying is half the battle. gi joe absolutely lost. your mind in that very very very moment. where hey kid i'm a computer. remember that do you know. that do i know that. you do moo yeah like the first. thing on e's world remakes on um ebon oh my god yeah okay we'll do that. on lifeline luxury watch. it i love it kid. i'm a computer we'll do another one. all right um yeah so let's do another one. what's up manad chris this. is kyle from new hampshire. what's up kyle um you guys make me laugh you're awesome. so thanks for that thanks. thank you i'm just calling into. respond to the guy that thinks you got. a raise in a scummy. way uhuh um you guys got it. right but i don't think that you were strong. enough in your response i. like this guy um you absolutely did. not get a raise. in a scummy way the only way. you can get a raise. in a b ways if you're like bernie maid off. or something well i mean. you know you're getting paid more you want. to stay there the company wants. to keep you and they get to. keep you everybody wins situation. there's nothing wrong. with that people need to. stop sucking on the crank. of these big corporations. and companies and thinking that they owe. them something you know. this company would drop drop you. in a second if it affected. their bottom line good point so you don't owe. them anything except maybe a two. weeks notice right if you if you leave but other than that take the money. stay suck on the crank. it's a winwin stop sucking on the crank. yeah dude yeah now here's what i'm happy. about yeah he's calling back. to the episode that i went on a rant. about the mattel and the barbie. movie yeah and sucking on the crank. of the corporation is a thing. that needs to be more. don't suck the on the crank. of the corporation yeah people. sucking on the crank. of the corporation way too. much and we need to. put an end to. it we need to. put an end to. sucking on the cranks of corporations. vote for me okay so that you would not win. if that if you if you were actually you might dude. i don't i don't know maybe i could see trump. saying that people true true. um uh the what's up with that. uh hat was weird. he was wearing like a uh new guys. newshire wear that hat. yeah i just i don't like those. hats but i mean i guess. if it keeps your ears. ears warm feels real. nice um so feels hure. is so cold no no. i bro i know cold places. bro oh okay you're not going. to so why you asking about his hat. i'm saying it's just like you know. no no no no no i've been to. cold places i've been to. i'm going to cold. places okay okay man yeah i'm going. to cold places soon. actually okay congratulations victoria bc to. be honest pull up my my thing i'm going. to victoria bc nao bc. you ever been there. nao bc stop speaking english just i'm going north charleston south carolina uh uh shp louisiana durham corpus christie texas norfolk virginia grand rapids. fort meyers sagen n. name oh victoria uh augusta georgia north charleston st peters st petersburg florida. wow chattanooga and charleston west virginia. oh more de moine green. bay uh chris dot com. go get tickets go get tickets. now they will sell out some of the places. some of the places. may not i don't know. i never been to. there i never been there. before i don't know if i have a fan. base there or not um but yeah dude um loving it. loving it you know green bay. only has 100,000 people in it. i mean come on we literally you know. that because we looked it. up on the show that. was you okay yeah okay fair. enough so man how did that come up. did you said it yeah. i was like isn't it. so crazy that there's an big professional. sports franchise in a tiny. city so you said it. yeah so you still think it's crazy. all right so i'm right. so i'm right it is crazy. wow you okay cool [ __ ] that was from this. huh oh yeah it's annoying. i mean thought i had some cool. information hard no i'm a [ __ ] stupid idiot. all right okay suck on the crank. of corporations kick mk f. chris fan actually the ones. that inspired me to. to grow my hair out appreciate that. pause it so uh oh he should have short. hair i knew something negative. was coming dude i disagree he looks great. i'm not saying he doesn't look. great he looks great. because his face is doing the heavy. lifting he's a handsome guy. his hair looks good though to. he's got hat take the hat. off is is the issue. that is that may be actually. the issue right now he's darren dalton but that's w. dude darren dalton that's a good call. his beard literally looks like it [ __ ] rushed out of his nostrils and covered his face what do you mean. it just looks like the way. it is it looks like it's shooting down. oh right yeah into. like yeah it's it's well kept like he goes. like this dude i got to. grow a beard right. right right he does do. that wouldn't that be dope. yeah that would be great. that'd be so dope. he looks good take the hat. off and he look better. okay let's go all right. what's going to be the best. way to respond. to people that you hold. the door open for and they walk through. without saying thank you without acknowledging. you feel like it happens. to me quite often maybe. i just need to. stop holding the door open. for people about i feel like something. specifically that would really piss. chris off so i'd love to. hear lers instagram video. just kind of get even but thanks. guys appreciate it i i i i have a thing. i do i do the same. thing too what do you. do i say you're welcome. that's what i do yeah. yeah like a like a like yeah you know. who you know who would never not. do that is a black lady. who would never not do. which thing say you're welcome. i i do like a black lady. in that moment you're like the black lady. okay i got you yeah. love it uh i thought you meant. a black lady would always say thank you. if you did that to. which i would also agree. though oh really the only people that i wouldn't agree. with that i would think maybe maybe not. don't do it or uh. it's it's i feel like it. happens a lot you going to. say fat people heavier uh white women. age range 30 to. yeah 47 you're right. good job uh but it happens. a lot and they don't say thank you. and older men will do it too they're just like they uncomfortable. already because yeah older men. don't they don't do they do anything. they want to. mostly mostly but just here's the thing. say thanks cuz it's real easy. yeah or just smile or nod doesn't. matter what you do acknowledge what i did. i'm not looking for acknowledgement. but i did do it. what if they walk by and they just said you did. that that would work dude. that would be fine just acknowledge. it okay i have a i have one that i don't like there's one that i another. thing i do besides welome i sometimes. laugh really loud in like a like a so [ __ ] obnoxious. like like no not like this. the simpsons one no. like like i can't believe like god. like that like you're a dick. you're a dick [ __ ] you [ __ ] dick [ __ ] how cringe is what even is what is that it's the simpsons. guy when people do it. when people do it when something funny happens. and somebody in the background. in real life just goes dude. i can't even do that. what are they what are theying. though like what are they wait no no no it's not mil. house it's it's nelson. nelson oh right yeah but what do they say saying. like why would someone someone would do that. something embarrassing happens. and they say it about that. person like and then so something embarrassing happens to. you you go everyone realizes a beat. later i go dude even just you doing it. makes you want to. i know take a bat to. your face well you would do it. and then someone else would wait. to beat and go um i don't like that. so yeah it's that. is i mean i've never exper. i don't think i've experienced. you have but if if somebody thinks it's funny. to do that yeah that's crazy. non ironically that person does not uh enjoy the same things in my life. that i enjoy yeah um so and i have one. that i don't like that's courtesy that. i think it wastes everybody's. [ __ ] time like the a already anthony's already laughing a version. of opening the door okay. what i want to. know why anthony's already laugh n it's all good. just tell tell me to. my face joe peshi dude just do just say it you know. no no i want to. know why he's laughing. chris dude sorry i want to. know why he's laughing. cuz i want to. know what he's excited about it's funny. okay can you well okay. but you're not anthony so anthony. okay okay this is funny. to waste people's time. yeah all right see i knew. it wasn't that [ __ ] you knew it. was something else dude. i could tell because i'm experienced. way people laugh that there. was something interesting about what he thought about. what i said that. made him laugh not just that. it was funny yes got out of that. one is there something interesting. about how much i want to. rub your face in a puddle. of mud right now. right go what else is the thing. go when you're walking across the street. and you're just a walker. you're not in a car mhm. you're slow you're way slower. than just a p all the cars. yeah way way slower here's the catch you're not. in the crosswalk uhhuh you're taking it. upon yourself to. try and get to. the other side yeah in traffic. no matter how big it. is whether there's no traffic or traffic. right i do it a car. is driving and they slow. down for me right. right right with you just keep driving. yeah i'm doing the thing. that i shouldn't be doing i'll figure it out. what do you think i'm just gonna like i mean. maybe you're gonna no bro. i i'm i'm always looking when i do it. and they're cuz they think they're being nice they're like yeah. and you're like dude it's taking longer now. cuz you got to. go like this i know but that's just one of those. things that happens when your body's. colliding in the world like people don't want to. hit people don't want to. hit somebody with [ __ ] car you know people don't want to. hit somebody else with their car. so obviously they're going to. be like you go you know. what i'm saying you're talking to. the guy who ran over some cones. today i have a question. okay what if it starts. a confrontation when some when you're letting somebody through. the door and you say let's say you're welcome. and then they're like you know. oh you have a [ __ ] problem like if it's a guy that hasn't happened nevered to. me if it did if it did i'd lay him. out i just straight up lay him. out if it did then i would just actually laugh. i wouldn't have to. fake it i would go so i i don't know. what i would do honestly. imagine that imagine that response. a guy walks through another says nothing. you're welcome what do you have. a problem you just go i mean. then that would diffuse everything that's for sure. because you' be like that's a crazy. oh man dude i don't i that's never happened. to me i mean i've gone. you're welcome to. the dude's face yeah and he didn't say. anything i think that most people. are like that didn't just happen. right yeah or they're like i mean. i think i think yeah i think you're right. i think that most time most of the time. when you say you're welcome. people are just like what what the [ __ ] i'. i've had it happen to. me where i just kind of was busy. doing something and then i walked through. and then somebody said you're welcome. it's probably happened to. me and i i i i i i mean. i'm talking about like 15. years ago and i think i was like oh my god sorry. yeah that's what i would do. yeah if somebody did that and i didn't say. [ __ ] and they were like you're welcome i'd be like oh [ __ ] i didn't even see you there or whatever and then when i leave i would quietly ent my breath go you know right yeah right of course yeah how could i'm so sorry dude my bad i'm so sorry i was just busy crazy guy a [ __ ] lunatic you know all right do the next one podcast is great yeah ch. mega fan i've listening to. congratulations it's like episode six oh he turns. compared to me you are the sexier. matt so i got to. kill you it's all good. but i got a question. friend group that i have uh we don't hang out. too often but we do keep in contact a lot. who a friend and we're going to. hang out soon but there's one member of the friend. group that nobody really likes uhoh. uh it's not that. this person is mean or aggressive it's more. so that they're a little socially inep kind of shy. and awkward yeah um and the rest of the group. doesn't want this one. individual to come when we hang out. i feel morally obligated to. invite the person because they're my friend yeah and i want them. to be there but i fear that. they're going to feel alienated when the entire group. gets together and that would obviously be worst. case scenario my question to. you guys would be you know. how do i alleviate that. feeling of alienation. from this one member. um and and what methods. can i can i do to. prevent that this is the best. podcast of planet earth you guys. are the [ __ ] than happy sunday. what a great that a great. one great question one of the better. ones because you know what it's it's it's kind of unanswerable dud. it's so relatable though. too it's so relatable and everyone's been in this. situation unless you're a straight up. loser and have one friend or no friends. or no friends right. in that case but but um dude. you that's great because i that this. okay so i use so you know i have the weirdest friends. in the world of course okay. i used to. not invite them to. hang with each other yeah because it it was too. much like this guy's not going. to like that guy that guy's not going. to like to this. gu a chair i don't. love to mix friend groups yeah. so i this guy's a chair. you know you but but i'm saying like these how weird these [ __ ] friend like one one friend was like a an asian guy. that barely spoke english and another friend. was a banana you know so it's like they they they weren't going. to get along so uh i just didn't do it. movie trailer until he did. and then what dude it. is now you love it. awesome why do you tell me. why cuz i i still don't like it. that much i mean i'll do it. with the right people hey dave this is chuck. chuck this is dave watch to. sparks fly yeah uhhuh okay. you got a god complex. huh no but then getting head dude. but then they just getting head from chuck. and dve dude and then they just battle. it out with the weirdness. by the way i'm weird. too you know what i mean. oh oh yeah yeah yeah no i don't but bro. i love it and guess what dude. interesting hey let them. sort it out it's not. it's not it's not him they're they're adults. right yeah let oh you don't like him. oh you like well i don't like that. person oh you don't yeah it's not your responsibility. the thing the thing that makes this. guy's thing different though. and even more interesting. to be honest is that. the one awkward person the other guys. in the group don't want. to come but he does. want them to the guy. to come and i think ultimately you guy. who did this submission. is right like let the [ __ ] guy come you guys it's not like you guys are 17 years. old and it's going to. be like oh this [ __ ] loser is going to. [ __ ] dude you're all adults. be [ __ ] adults if there's a guy there being weird like who gives a [ __ ] either include him or don't make fun of him or don't like who cares you're all [ __ ] adults. if you're six people and and there's a seventh that. is like awkward and [ __ ] weird and all six of you are like oh this guy's ruining the whole. vibe you guys are [ __ ] [ __ ] dud i know but here's the deal relax. deal with it it's it's just how life is but here's the thing. though we are very open about that. stuff if there's a weirdo. in our group we will. be like bro come on yeah. yeah yeah okay people are not. like that they are just simply. not like that they do. not do that they just don't i think this. guy is like this guy might be like that. he might be like that yeah. that's what i'm saying well i'm saying he's the one. calling for advice but he but he but it's not. on him to tell anybody. anything it's on the other people to. do it it's on the other person. who thinks i don't like when this. guy comes around if somebody comes around. they don't like i don't like that. they're around i don't say heyy. i don't like that you're around. but i i try to. get to know them. and understand what's happening and then i might have a conversation. with like what's going on. here why do you seem is. everything okay that's on me. to do that okay or i don't go. okay don't go um and so that's another thing. in our should we yeah okay. um also chris laughs at that every single time. you love that yeah all right. so i'm so i'm actually you know what you weren't. there when it happened no i am. so glad that i had the wherewithal to. tell you guys about that. because i i remember i almost didn't why did why. would you not tell us. i don't know well you did. so good i did and it's been such joy. yeah okay well our cousin. didn't want to. he was he was in college. oh right he was in college. already you're right he was and he was talking about. how much he didn't like college. didn't want to. go back didn't want to. go back we were all at home. we were at our parents. house yeah i was there. i wasn't in the in near. the conversation oh from what. i remember it was at their their house. oh then maybe i wasn't there. okay um and uh our uncle his dad. in the middle of him. saying like i don't like i don't want to. go back uh and the funny part. was he was talking to. me not his dad it. wasn't his dad in the other room. he was right there but it wasn't to. him obviously he could hear it. of but it was to. me and the dad said in the middle. of yeah i don't know. i don't like college i don't want to. go he said don't go. then don't go don't go. then and that is just been it's something. we still say we just don't it's so funny. cuz like he was like he was so riled. up about you know what i lose. about like he obviously. had so much [ __ ] they talked about it before and like the kid wanted to. drop out the dad. didn't want him to. and it was such like a loaded. thing anytime something's loaded. great pre coocked and preloaded before. i'm around it and like i get to. be privy to. that like what might be under the surface. i always enjoy is so great. ordering tots um i said loaded is so great ordering. tots um so yeah uh stupid i was what the [ __ ] were we even talking about what were we talking about guy. with the friend yeah yeah oh yeah the group of friends. um i had something else to. say about that tell your [ __ ] friends to. grow up be adults. you're adults now invite the guy. and if he's weird [ __ ] deal with it it's fine nobody's time gets ruined anymore. by the presence of one. person okay i used to. go to this restaurant. dup pars i don't think it. even exists anymore it. definitely doesn't exist. where it was i know. it's a chain might have more. other ones but uh they now. it's a a a makeup store. yeah because that place crave. opened up and then just shut it. out of business but dupar was here there forever in the valley it. was a staple in. the valley we would go. all the time i get the tuna melt okay. relax chomp it up right. um loved it it. uh the waiters there were either. old ladies yeah which of course. had a diner yeah or young. guys that were actors right. right and one guy was a guy. where i where i'm like that. guy's gonna be my friend oh bo boy. yeah super awkward yeah how how many times will. you if if you deal with some cuz i saw him a lot. obviously at the restaurant. yeah one time i invited. him out okay he hung out. uhhuh the awkwardness didn't just. pertain to him. working at the restaurant yeah he was very. awkward when we hung out yeah. and i got like all right. dude i've been around. you 12 times uhhuh that's it. we can't do it anymore. he made me feel too awkward. wow i gave him a lot. of chances yeah and and he he knows nothing. about this this all went. on in my head and and you might be like well well maybe he might have a cuz you're a celebrity. i was not a celebrity. back then i was in my 20s. oh okay just you know. yeah farting around at dup. parts yeah it would be the kind of stuff. where like be like hey how's it. going oh hey how's it. going oh hey uh yeah i'd like to. order this and he' be like oh cool how you been i'd be like good how you been he'd be like good i think i'm in love oh you and [ __ ] and i was like oh really you know me i'm like i eat that [ __ ] up what happ you know but it just it was too much. bro once i brought him. out and saw him out in public. i was like magic was gone. there was no more dupar magic yeah there's no mystery there sometimes. when like you meet someone you're like we're going to. be friends it's it's unique. to that scenario that you're in once. you try to replicate. it outside of that scenario. it's gets all [ __ ] up sometimes you know yeah not every good vibe is transferable. to a different location. and that's you know not. every good vibe is transferable. to a different location. and we live and we learn. people all right we got room. for one more in orgy. hey matt chris love the show. justin from utah question. about a woman met on bumble. johna maker my fourth wife. um went on a couple dates. had a great time uh had to. postpone the next weekend the following. weekend we had dinner then we were supposed. to hang out the next. day she texted me. said she was sick she couldn't. make it [ __ ] so i think i'm getting played am i getting. played second question am i stalker. cuz bumble matches you can see their location. she was not at home. till 9:00 in the morning. that morning we were supposed. to go hiking so am. i getting played and am i stalker. well no you're not you're not a stalker. the app allows you to. do that the app should not what the [ __ ] bumble what are you doing you're allowing what the fu i i have a feeling that she has to. grant that access i i don't think that. you can just follow. people around but like no you're not a stalker. uh but also you're not getting played. it's too early nobody's playing anybody. yet no nobody's playing anyone. i mean she may have lied. to you yeah but who cares. if that's means then maybe he got played. but here's the thing dude. if you just started dating someone. just started and they tell you a lie. get over it dude i i agree. [ __ ] get over it you're just another person they don't know you yet. [ __ ] yet no i agree. like literally just began. like they don't know your [ __ ] give her a [ __ ] chance she's not a liar. you know i mean she could she could be having to. i had to go do. yeah maybe she doesn't want to. unload on you like my mom. my dad my you you don't. know you got take that. with a grain of salt. honestly and uh dude uh she might so yeah so i would agree. with matt it's not nothing is. play nobody's playing anyone. but it's just kind of like just wait. it out see what happens. you you you'll get a sense. of it later in all honesty though. about the stalker thing this. is probably a good rule. of thumb if you're concerned that. you're being stalkery you're definitely not. a stalker stalkers real ones are never like is this. too much am i am. i being a stalker. they're just like in the bushes. with their long range hearing. devices you know just like long lenses. stalkers are just like this good i can see that. yeah exactly yeah good. i'm in their house exactly good. i'm in their bed when they're at work. sniffing their i'm sniffing their panties i mean taking it too far. oh good dude let's talk about something. panties yeah panties yeah no one should be saying the word panties. i disagree they should be saying underwear. they should be saying lingerie. they should say be saying bottoms if you so choose. bottoms your bottoms right there no there's tops. and bottoms it's like it's like a swimsuit. thing but what we don't what. we are going to. agree to right. now i don't agree is that. we are not going to. say i don't agree panties. i get it i get it. it's one of those words and i i do agree. it might be one of those words. but it's not so hardcore. that i won't say it. it's not a word that. we should be saying i'm sorry. it's not like it's not like uh uh uh shart. shart is something i will. never absolutely use well shart is also has a disgusting. connotation p panties has no disgusting. it's just under panties is. like what are we are we being like naughty. or we being cute. or we being like young. oh see no why we don't want. yeah here's two things that don't go. together being cute and like and [ __ ] women's underwear i agree about that because like it's not a good mix i agree about that so from thex i was thinking about this uh fetish that people have with women's pan pan underwear women's underwear how hard is that d women briefs yeah so uh like people like to. like have them and stuff. how weird is that only fans. models will send you know will sell them. use guys will come up. with a fetish for anything. yeah yeah i understand. that one uh just jerk off. to people's old driver's licenses and [ __ ] you know yeah yeah yeah it's kind of hot. but um no i i um i just want i don't i don't get that. one because the person's not there. you just have their panties. but people also like to. like sniff them you know. like that you know. like you see in like the serial killer. movies and [ __ ] and i've i don't i don't know what what is that. it's just another fetish i mean. what dude how about this as a fetish. this is real before. you say this is not real. it's real toenail clippings people men pay. women to keep or send them. to give them to. sell them their toenail clippings i got a good business. idea that is here's an it's not. only disgusting $66.99 it's absolutely nothing. do you know what i mean. it's not just gross. like someone's clipped nails they're dead. it's basically like dead body parts. it's not gross. to me but it's nothing. it is nothing it's not something. it's not even like even hair. that's pulled out of someone's head. it at least is like reminiscent. of someone's beauty if you love their hair. i even could possibly. get that i don't give a [ __ ] about hair but like i i get that. a [ __ ] clipped toenail how do these people like what the [ __ ] happened to. you i don't mean like what traumatic. thing did you experience i mean. like what happened to. you that made you give a [ __ ] about this. and also frankly change you [ __ ] weirdo. change dude um no but i i yeah. that is weird i i don't like okay. i was working out the other day. this woman with was working out. and she got up off of the bench. and she had sweat on the bench. yeah she didn't clean it. which is you know people do that. i don't really care about that. [ __ ] i'll if i'm going to. use a bench. i'll just clean it. you know sure yeah but um it's a gym. it's going to. happen right right um but i thought like how weird would it. be how weird is it. that some guys would see that. oh yeah and be like a sweat. that's what i'm saying and some guys. might want to. like work out in it. and some guys might want to. just like smell it and lick it. and like i'm just like wo that's cra. that that's really wild. dude dude and then i that's what i'm saying. guys will just turn anything. into a fetish toenail clipp im. you're working out you leave. the sweat you're about to. wipe no no no no no no okay. i guess does any any other women. in here want to. use this machine before i get. on um yeah dude. really weird anyway god hey look fetishes. are weird are fetishes. though they are weird man. because you know it's because of something that happened. the craziest thing exactly and you don't how often do you even know what the thing. was that happened so say very rarely. like maybe 1% of the time. maybe i don't know i was in i i mean. i was in when i was in rehab. everyone would talk about the things. that happened to. them when they were a kid. and like what what they liked. doing now and some of them. made connections yeah but some of them. were just like wonder why i don't have. any memories in general. so i could never do. that anyway but i don't have any weird. fetishes like that i don't. have like the the i don't have dude. i it's boring i don't have. any fetishes yeah huh sorry. lady ladies got nothing for you. well would rather take a nap. i i wonder sorry ladies would rather. take a nap i wonder if you are if you don't have any or if you're just not that. developed sexually trust me yeah you lay it down no but what i'm saying is but what i'm saying is yeah yeah yeah yeah but what i'm saying is uh yeah i wonder how what percentage of guys have i think it's i don't think it's that i think it's how either i wonder if you don't have them or if you don't know what they are yet that's possible right right right right right i guess that's what i'm saying yeah right yeah yeah so i guess what i'm saying is explore yourself you know maybe jerk. off in a paper bag or something. thing i'm just saying a car. a car a car a car. all right uh well thank you very much. go get tickets on chris dot com. uh my special is out go. check that out chris dot com. grow or die. and uh go get our patreon uh which is patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. and uh we fire. we fire it up over. there oh we're on and popping. firing on all cylinders. subscribe to my solo. podcast the private record the most bangar ranging episode the latest one former cult. member blowing up his old. cult you're not going to. want to miss it. check it out episode. 6 booyah booya and booah. if you want to. be on this show go. to uh what is it. watch lifeline dot com or click on the link. in the description below you want to. one one one one with me matalia. for some advice go to. mata dot com and of course if you want to. be beautiful if you want to. be sexy if you want to. wear the lifeline merch go to. lifeline merch dot com. and buy it all thank you. very much everybody i love you. from the bottom of my heart. and i will see you next. week hello hello hello will please hello. hello hello hello 