 [music] runk hello. hello hello hello will hello hello we started. okay cool guys we have okay. look all right you know we glasses. for this well it's just cuz our future. bright you can you can i certainly do. you have the most distinct shades when you put your shades on. who me yeah oh i think of it's almost like because i see. your stories and stuff ryan pono everybody. ladies and gentlemen yeah. he's got a great. uh podcast called pillow. talk uh that i've done actually. and uh great episode it's it's it's fun. that was really fun um great. it's a podcast that's wild. it's wet n wild and um on the wet. lot of ladies on there. and but the uh but your glasses. are actually when i see you in those glasses. like when you came in i was like oh yeah that's right. he has those glasses just so. you know you are that's kind of like you. could make a silhouette and make it a sticker. dude get a my watch figure would have these oh wow. you know what that's a poor. thing though it means that i don't. have more stuff don't have. more stuff yeah you know. it's funny though there is actually. you bring up the that's a poor. thing there there are guys on the planet. that now have like podcasts. that are huge you have a huge podcast. and it's great and you do stuff. like you have brands that. you work with and all that. and i have no idea how much money. a guy like you has i'm not asking what you make but i tell but there is like you could be a a 200,000 a or yeah. you could have $15 million absolutely. dude abs have no idea. and that's kind of cool. maybe you don't want to. tell but i'll tell you this. i'll tell you this some months. i'm a 50 billionaire some months. i'm like [ __ ] mcdonald's again. not even new bre cuz it's three. bucks more walk down the street. for some months it's that. some mon should we buy. apple you know should we just bu at least a majority share. bing right you know that. actually makes more sense that probably makes the most sense. honestly that it's so up. and down like i'll have a cool episode. every brand i'll be like let's [ __ ] let's you know. sub and then you maybe dip a little cuz you get shadow. banned [ __ ] you zucky dude you i bet you that happens a lot that must happen a lot to. my life what i don't understand. is with your podcast. is cuz you you you do crazy. stuff on your podcast. what i don't understand. is because i get shadowbanned i get age. restricted and all that stuff. and you know what h. how are you how are they not shadow. banning you more why haven't they killed. me exactly why don't you have literally 500 views. on each podcast what is the reason. i don't understand that so so one day i actually read the community. guidelines okay i took an adall and i read it. what a great you. needed that yeah like 42. pages oh my god okay no touching an ass oh no touching a tit even your own the girls oh really yeah don't swear or say a sexual word unless it's bleeped out that's a lot of still if you're suggesting sexuality with the bleeps still could get [ __ ] and that's where they get me so then why is it still on how are you still on how i understand yeah well we tred we we bleep you do bleep a lot but you we're bleepers the whole. thing would be like a flatline like a phone. off just a blurry. blurry is the worst podcast. but more views than you. would have if you you if you didn't do it. marco turn the air off whoops. turn the off um did it. again so that it. is crazy because they can just get you. for whatever they own me. it's it's like too big look. i'm i'm i got the orange. checks right now i'm miserable i i woke. must have that's what ruins. my day you know it's not girls. or money it's do i have green. or orange checks right. now they're orange the anxiety. right oh [ __ ] cuz then it's it's either i get you know 2. million views on a real on the pillow. talk page or like one view. yeah and it's weir i don't like that. i don't like that dude. that's so depressing [ __ ] [ __ ] you people are going to. watch it anyway dude stop doing that who was it. benefit like what is why do they do. that the brands they want to. make the money with the with the brands. they want the brands. it's like a nightclub bouncer. i find you know it's so ar getting. in tonight pal arbit but just make it youtube. dark or whatever you want. to call that would be cool. everybody would like i have a buddy. uh fem anoir and he he put a special out. and it once he put it out. it dinged him because he said something. that he shouldn't have said. and then he was like okay. uh well then i'll just upload. the real version that i like and then the bleeped. version and he's splitting. views but like why wouldn't somebody. what a mess why wouldn't somebody. just like if i see special and then i under that i see oh wait there's the one that's extended i'm just going. to click on that course so so that's why. i don't get why it. isn't beneficial for youtube i mean i guess like with brands. and all that they want hey who clicks. the clean one well. that's what i'm saying who who who there's nobody right. wow wow he's such a nice guy. he made the clean one. for us but also it's the same. thing just with bleeps that's not even. clean it's just like you don't have to. my virgin ears don't. need to hear parents are over. it's like clean one. tonight dad but it's still awkward. so wait so uh all right. so then that's annoying and i don't know if it's ever. going to change and there. should be there are platforms. like rumble and stuff. where they just like doesn't matter. what you say goes. on that i don't want to. be a rumble guy. rumble right right are you an ofv. guy only i look like anv guy. i think only fans is you don't i look. at you i say he's not anv you. look kind of like an ofv. guy little i could be but i'm not i think i think honestly only fans. is going to be i it's got such a chance. to make it cuz right. now it's synonymous with porn. but if it's not if it's got a chance to. get to the next like the patreon. steal that [ __ ] it could it could totally be that i told chris i said you want to. make an extra million dollars. know that's what he said. yeah he said i should do an only fans. yeah and just don't show. your dick just do the dick. print and the gray. sweats do the ob. picks you know oops you know. bending over picking up the but is it. for my gum is. it for gays yeah that's for gay. is it for gay. i know chicks well i don't know sometimes. chicks kind of question is that. though course sometimes chicks are like no no no chicks they don't do that. i don't think there's one female on there. would but i had a roommate nathan. webb he was on too. hot to handle netflix. okay yeah and then he's like well i'll try the only fan. things oh [ __ ] 120 grand a month. come no seriously he. do he started well the kitchen. he jerked off in the kitchen. yeah yeah you know. as a reality tv started. dying money oh now he's [ __ ] himself. in the ass he was doing that. basically what it only only did. for him was it made him. a lot of money but really it. helped him figure out. who he was so that's that's the main. thing this is a real question. like an economic my interest. is it's an actual question. if i was like okay i'm just g. to go on there i'm not going to. put anything in my ass. but i'm going to. show everybody whatever they want to. see and like i'll feet dicks. you know i can gauge how much someone's going. to make on all fans. so so what do we think you're like 3,800. a month so you're like a uh only fans whisperer. yeah that's what you are. yes i am whisper that's all i can. do i can i can project. a girls only fans and i can guess. their their cup size and and and do you. tell do you tell these girls. i think you can make this. and and you're pretty right. a lot all the i'm i'm all. i have like a 97% success. rate for that what do. you think mine would be well. you [ __ ] launch launch month launch month would be bigger yes $72,000 okay wa okay wow followed by 42 right. and then it goes down. followed by 38 and then the big dip after the 3 months. the buzz has slowed down. now you get into. the gay [ __ ] oh you don't want to. now you're making like 60. you're like [ __ ] i missed. that 72 cra you're like what. why can't i get that. high you're describing drug addiction. you're describing it directly yeah yeah yeah yeah wow okay that's interesting. yeah sobering and i'm you're very i don't. want to discredit you know. the 3,800 that's a good month. that's a lot m but also i get i have a fan. base already so there's the curiosity yeah exactly. people who even hate you. would sign up for one. month just to. see what's going on that's you. i think it's more those people than the fans. yeah also i mean i don't know. this this is this is a dumb. question there are a lot. of guys on only fans. right i never see them. it's a ton of guys we signed. up for a guy because do kristen. and i we were like dude. this guy's crazy right. and he was reality. guy and we were like we got what. do they do so we signed. up just watch a video. and dude the guy straight up was working. off in the kitchen. that's why i said in the kitchen. just and like troublesome we just like and like dude. just naked so so stiff and we were like dude. and that's the only gay porn i've ever seen. get the [ __ ] out no it really is i even by mistake i've never se gay. porn get out get out dude. be honest 44yearold adult. male come on yeah so my gay. assistant he was a gay porn. star for seven years no. way willam riley okay. he's cool good for him. good for him good guy. but now you know i follow. him on twitter yeah. and he'll post like someone. will tag him in like a throwback. scene and i'll see my little cute. muffin assistant just getting [ __ ] in the ass czy. yeah twitter's just you got to. be careful i stopped twitter early. years ago i was like this. is dangerous place. well also it'll be like hey you know. uh uh spacex just launched. a rocket and then under it. there's a chick just fully holding her ankles. like [ __ ] into. a bedpan and you're like oh different. kind of rock i don't want to. know that like like dude. like dad's on twitter like who the who like who i mean. not anymore now i scroll. one down it's siblings. day it's sibling day then like a mastercard. ad and then you see my friend. nathan just [ __ ] himself it's so weird. but it's like and i get elon musk. being like well we want everybody. to be able to. say anything but it's like do you they're saying a lot. do you really want that. yeah i don't know maybe you do. maybe you don't but whatever guess um we could do we could. do you know you know. the format of the show. we could do a thing. where we look at a. video i would love do we could do that. how do we we do. do that be there the little one. there you look the big. one there um when i'm there. i look there and there and frankly. it's annoying you don't you you. i mix it up frankly. it's annoying when looks there. because you don't like when i look where there. oh you never even. said that before we're learning. stuff no i have said it. before because you you because when think about when you cut it. together the video is in the middle. you should be looking that. way and i should be looking this. way oh that makes sense if we're both looking. that way this way yeah let me talk to. you for a second no don't do. that in public okay. no i have to. do that because i need to. i have told you that i never ever. you guys remember anthony. i don't remember see thank you. anthony sleeps half the [ __ ] episodes. no he's in the bathroom. half the episodes he in the bathroom. after the episode what's what's he doing. in the bathroom doing his for a while. we could be looking old. only fan videos all right. all right let's do it. all right who we got hey guys. um this is gabby. i'm from mre i'm big. f love you both spr. bron okay wow don't what that is all. right lot of salutations here. um i have a pretty interesting. question um i mean let us we'll see. about that how would you guys. go about so canadian. yeah uh telling your partner. that they need to. get in better shape. wow tough i want to. have fun with him i want to. you know that's you know that's yeah. however he's been gaining a bit. of weight and me i'm very like a gym. very structured person and is this. person drunk could be i've been trying. to like kind of tiptoe hold. because i don't want to. hurt his feelings and i don't want to. reject him uh you once. you feel rejected by the person you love it. could change the dynamic right. oh yeah so forever. you got to be careful. d um i'm just trying to. get maybe like birds i view. of what else i could. do that accent is crazy. a what is it is. your french a little bit is. that she's fren that's that that's what that. accident w see how you would like like to. be approached about the situation. you're that top okay. that's a good question. thank you so much. guys big fun b. you got to be it. depends on you got be careful. cuz that [ __ ] can last forever. that that you put that seed. in their mind it's just like so insecure. but but it is different. to the guy for the guy. than it is for the like to. a girl you just go when if your girl get ges weight. you can't be like you're just like oh okay. charge it to. the game this is how it's going. to be the i i i can't what am. i going to do. bring it up and then my life. sucks period forever. yeah do you know. what i'm saying until until you break. up because what what about. the girl to the guy. then how is what so i i got it. done to me oh no. why yeah a girl and you know. what she did so this. is what she did she pulled. up her phone and said hey babe look at how we used to. look and then she would swipe between. a and b that's a really good idea. weren't we better. there we dude. she said we that's the key. she looks fantastic. i said you look. the same angel right she's like she goes oh and looks at you yeah right and oh that's the thing you can you can pretend your partner. led you to the realization oh i do. look the same it's you that. looks different right she did. that that's genius huh. that's true i do look. the same yeah huh huh. and then just walks away. it's you that's fat. so you don't have to. say it at that point. but so um yeah i can answer. for me what i would like i had one. time you guys don't get fat. a my girlf i mean. whatever you could see look. look boys i went on. a twoe bendy i used. to have abs oh they're gone. just two we what happened. what sucks is i get fat. that that's not fat though. what i'm saying also don't know. how old you are how old you 31. this is fat you're just i had abs. two weeks ago. that that is crazy you guys. don't get it but here's the thing. though here's the thing though. i uh i can be either. regular or actually look. big i i there's no like like and it's it's so i feel so much better. when i feel better and look better. right what do you mean. big i'm either regular guy. whose dad a dad guy. or i'm oh he's fit right. okay like i don't get fat. but like uh i i i i want to. be fit and so uh i wasn't working. out for a while once and my girlfriend at the time. said you're getting a little bit. of a belly on. you you know like never fat. yeah and i was like you broke. up with her right. then really she was like yeah. she was like i think i guess. you know and i was like oh and i started. working out oh yeah yeah and i've been working out. years did you get upset. no that's the difference between a guy. and a girl so then tell her then what what she should say. i think i don't think that's the best. thing to do cuz i felt like really bad. that night that's what i'm saying. you did feel bad okay. yeah but then i got over. it and just started working out. i think i think a good. way to do it. would be like yo you could be you you're you know. you're so hot but like and i love you. and all that stuff but like you actually. like have the foundation to. be [ __ ] jacked you' look awesome. you should try that suggestion. yeah yeah rather should try. not being a fat [ __ ] like if somebody said it to. me like that if somebody said it to. me like that i'd be like really oh it's possible. i i i think for me. that would be the best. thing why i do it. in a week later kristen. does it to. me and i'm likeit did you watch. the episode what are you talking. about yeah yeah but i it's funny. because cuz i have i don't like kristen. is just naturally what i my type like what. i like and like her she's thin. and like she just uh doesn't work out. and i i don't have to. do that i don't have to. say you should work out. and that's like so would you though. even if you have with with with women. yeah dude i've never ever. this is i'm not just saying this. i swear to. god sound like a [ __ ] white knight i've never even had the thought about anybody i've ever been w i have with one person i haven't and you said something i did yeah and you know what she said i said you're you here's the thing she still looked she still looked great okay and but and i was like you you gained a uh a lot of weight oh you said that the balls oh my god we had that kind of u just straightforward yeah because we had that kind of dickness to. each other relationship it wasn't dickness. i'm just kidding and i like. you should uh how come you're not working. out and she was like you're right. i'm going to start. in three weeks she looked amazing. oh and she actually said hey thanks for saying. that so but i knew her. and i knew that that's how to. do it i would not do that. to everybody you have to. tailor it to. the person you know what i did. so my last deex she gained. weight and i i said this. was this was my line. i said wow what what happened. your ass and tits just got so much. bigger all of a sudden. there you go right. good you don't mention yeah. they're hu i love this. huge do you even. fit in your old bra. wow everybody's smart but does that make them. want to lose weight. oh it's because i gained. weight oh yeah i just noticed the boobs angel i know that you don't have to. you don't have to. do anything then she went on o. zenic and lost like 32. pounds when she people got scared. people got scared okay. see now that gets into. dark territory and now we're in a bad. place so it's a slippery slope. you got to be careful. i forget her name but you got to. be careful they have a oic. uh you can get it. at costco now just like off the shell you know. i tried it you did. i did it that make come. on that makes so much sense. that he would try well. you saw this you don't need to. but you're just with those glasses. and you're a crazy guy. yeah you're crazyy well it was with the x it was like a team. let's do it together. that makes more sense. like it's coke dude. yeah yeah yeah yo come on we got to. try o come on baby. or like it's the south beach. let me tell you i lost. 452 lbs in 3. days yeah dud i believe it. an injection yeah it was in my stomach really i couldn't do. it i had to. ask her to do it. and it worked oh my god really you know. when you're on you guys try outall and you just you just can't. eat i've never like you just get time. uh interesting yeah you're disgusted. by food you're like [ __ ] i should really have one piece of bread a crumb i i should to. survive makes you not want to. eat yeah yeah i knew that yeah i don't i don't. know so it just makes you not eat how do you get nutrition. so they drink like you know. way fit [ __ ] okay the boosts got it mhm. wow insane exhausted though i was exhausted. oh that's so good healthy. though is it you got to. eat you probably should you know. oepic is hisory would tell us. needs to eat oic. is the kind of thing that in [ __ ] 20. years they're going to. be like yep uh has do you know. someone who died from oic. yes you know you're owed $3 million just dial you know. 100% just be dead so i think that's already see. just not un mass. you tailor it to. the person you have to. take in count take account. of take into. a count how they are but that's what worked. for me mhm that's it. and done next one next this. guy um my name sam i'm from austral. i've loved you guys for a while now. i listen to. lifeline in the car whenever i'm driving. this couldn't look more honestly. no this couldn't look. more honestly like uh the a video you see. in a netflix documentary about. a guy who either killed someone. or got killed i knew. you're going to say that. 100% you're right also the door. behind him is the narrowest. door i've ever seen in my life. have to walk sideways. through it dud what the [ __ ] is that this is how you get through that door this guy's [ __ ] is a mess also where his pillows up against like a door this makes sense he liv in the back of a winea zero he's in a winea that's what's going all right so anyway go ahead took it with his dick too um i was just asking a question today i um am speaking to. this girl recently but she is so far. out of my league don't say. that what is your advice. on you know when you're on a when you're on a date. sorry take it again. take the video out your leag how how do you be you know confident. and come across as the person. that you know um is supposed. to be with that person if that makes sense. it does make sense. but i want be more confident. so if you guys can help. with that that' be great. i love you guys lay down's a short. king she's there cuz she wants to. be you are already doing. the thing you need to. be doing just be the thing. that you already are and stop thinking she's out. of your league there is no leag tonin you're in the league. if you're there with her on the date. you're already in the league. d get in the game. grab a bat step up. the plate dude take a [ __ ] take a [ __ ] you i yeah uh first of aach dude it's nice that you uh tony robins 2.0 it's nice that you ask. us that because maybe he thinks that we're cool. you know what i'm saying interesting. that's why you took it but yeah yeah thank you. for making it about you is good. secure a good thing to. do uh i don't i don't know if you yeah. this is one of those things. where it's just like stop yep. it's it that's it's not a good. road to go down. it's not yeah she's going. to like you less yep. exactly here's the thing though. i think honestly you already did. the thing that you needed to. do which was this video because if you just don't act. like she if you act just chill. yeah later on if she's ever like what. the [ __ ] i'm insecure you just show her this oh and then be like then what i do this. what i send a video. into laugh laon so what are you saying. wait why would he show it. i i thought all right. but why um why is he showing. her the video though. because if i'm saying if you don't if you don't have the actual like if she you can air. on the side of acting to. i'm the [ __ ] yeah right yeah yeah yeah if he does that and she feels a certain type of way. about it he always can result. in the fail safe by showing her. this video right. but just yes figure out how to. say it but don't don't over. just do but i'm saying if you're going. to air air on that. side cuz you don't want. to air inside of [ __ ] [ __ ] so anyway uh do i look okay you know cuz then you show this video she be like you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] what you know i can actually relate to this guy can you yeah with sex whenever i have a really hot girl i get stage fright i don't perform well i [ __ ] the [ __ ] out of sixes i go crazy like johnny ss with fours so drunk so drunk right but with tens i'm like oh my god get away from that dick honey too pretty what am i doing is she what is she going to. tell the group chat. tomorrow i'm you know so my new trick. that i started doing is i tell myself. think of i think of men this. girl's ugly as [ __ ] she's a six and then i treat them like a six i think he should go to. this girl be like i'm on a date. with a [ __ ] six that if that that whatever gets you theree and i find things i don't like i'm like ew her [ __ ] ankles are disg it too far says it out loud disg are yeah i start punching her yeah what are you an al i find that doesn't work with me i find things to. make them ugly wouldn't be able. to do that because they're just they still look. how they look they do. oh you're so hot i would say. remember she's ugly it's like hey up oh she's so hot. but whatever gets you there. dude the point honestly. my point is it doesn't matter. how you get there. you just need to. get there in how you appear to. her doesn't matter what the [ __ ] going on inside. it matters the result that you're presenting. to her and the result can't. be oh my god oh my god she's out. of my league i need to. do the right thing i need to. be like this i need to. be like that she's [ __ ] gone and she's deciding you know what yes i am. out of this guy's league cuz that's what he's showing me. if you don't act like she's out of your league. she won't think it cuz she's already. [ __ ] not the only thing that's going to. put you out of her. league is if you [ __ ] act like it also every kind of every girl is out of every guy's league honestly generally speaking yes you know they're so pretty and we're always lucky honestly generally yes so hariry you know but you know the girls that you take on all these cute. dates and you chase and you chase. and you want it i never end. up [ __ ] those girls the ones i'm like ah [ __ ] you you know you meet her at a party finally all right let's go yeah that weird you have sex with those girls and the girl that you're chasing on those beautiful. catch steak all these dates she's going. home with a random guy that night who treats her. like [ __ ] that's interesting treat them poorly treat them poor to. find and there's the advice. to find love treat them. poorly that's right you could put on a bumper. sticker it's perfect yeah that's right. yeah but women will still say like no. well i think the truth. is they don't know yeah. that is true with a lot. of women to. a point in their life and then it is the opposite. and it's like it's like musical. chairs you don't want to. get stuck not sitting down you know. what i'm saying because then at at a certain point. you're like you know you're 40. and you're like i [ __ ] i'm a i'm a cool guy i don't treat women right. and then you're like uh wait a second. where are any women. they all with [ __ ] guys that treat them. nice you know yeah obviously. that must be why christian. doesn't like when they do that. kind of stuff anymore. yeah she grew up dude. and you're the odd. man out what's up. yeah there just a guy in the room. what's up grace just standing right. there all right also that beginning. of that video i want. to watch that [ __ ] now let's get on that l. amazing paulas anderson mov let's do it. yeah for real all right. art film let's go. what's up chris what up. 's a quick question for you. i know you guys are really det. about hair a little backstory too i only got my hair cut by one lady my entire life. but now my wife and i are living. in australia for the year. and i don't know what to. do do do i let it grow. out do i go to. someone here oh wow. look at him uh it's on the longer. side now so thank you. for all pictures this is great. chris come out to. australia play a show how about this listen. how about this my australian tour. is announced if you don't have tickets. yet get them it's in july. but get them they'll sell out. so go to chris lea. dot com i will be in australia. thanks for reminding me. bro um yeah i very good tyeing this. guy realize he was doing uh i may just say something. besides the fact that the of of the question. the that is great to. add like a lot. of times be like yeah like this. for for instance the guy before. him this girl is really out. of my league obviously if it's okay with the girl have a picture of the girl. so we could like this. yeah some people can't edit. but i get obviously of course but you could also just send it to. him and he could do it. very true giving him. more work to do but anyway so but um but that was great. cuz we get to. see the hair he's looking sharp. he used a lot. of pictures where he was in a talk. like on his wedding day. and [ __ ] which kind of is unfair. but still there was one. at the grand canyon wherever. he was right sitting in a hot. tub i think one yeah so so thanks. for the visual yeah. here's what i'm going to. say doesn't matter whoa i'm surprised. to hear you say that. hey hey hey disagree disagree you. would i do i disagree what is. your wait explain make he got regular head. dude he had great hair. now why would he [ __ ] cut it exactly. going to be great. he's got great hair it's fine. you're doesn't matter you're saying it's so good. it doesn't matter you're not being like an nihilist. about hair you're saying his hair is great. but that is true also okay. see that i disagree with you. guys you know you guys. have beautiful locks ofir perfect. hairline you guys have no idea i have to. hide mying hairline it's getting back there it's getting back there i might put a turkey i'm a turkey guy i'm a turkey guy he's a turkey guy dude july. turkey guy july. turkey you going to. go in july you think yeah i'm a july. turkey guy cuz it keeps getting. worse and worse it's so i just got butchered. i i have to. tell them hide here so i. can pull i don't know. and then recently she butchered. me i've been growing up. for a month now i've been a ha guy. for 6 weeks. it doesn't i feel that guy. you guys don't get it. but wait i honestly i'm not just saying. this you're in front of me. it doesn't i i believe you i. just don't see what you're saying. confidence is shot i felt like the guy. from the okay so okay b haircut. i'm like i'm like hey chris and mat. how do i take a girl. out here's another thing too you would and this is something. that is not something that would be good with me. but you would have a good. shaved head no no no no he no chance. you have a shaved head. oh no no i'd be disgusting. but i appreciate it but why. do you say why. do you know that i believe you. because when when it's when it's if i don't have the hair then i'm i'm the guy from last video. okay i can't talk to. oh i see you needed. to yeah it's part. of that makes sense hair matters. you guys have the best hair. it does matter it does. matter um hair definitely matters to. the person head you just have to. have it honestly if you if it's going then uhoh. it's really the only thing you have to. deal with as a guy the only thing that don't get fat. have a decent hair yeah exactly. um but if it's going if it's not not if it's going like you're describing. i'm talking about if it's like going. going gone going going going gone or don't come. come near me. no no noe like don't do the ushaped the uat. on top but you know. what you get the plugs. right and then it affects your penis. what yeah no i didn't more and more people are complaining that the [ __ ] is affecting erections. how so so guys are saying hey i spend 30. grand on my hair to. get laid yeah but now. i can't even get my dick. really it affects your ability. to get it up yeah. dude what i heard it. hurts so much i i didn't know. it hurt yeah might be why. they get boners because they're in so much. pain like i'm horny but um so okay. yeah i uh do you already. have the appointment set in july. no not yet but you want to. go in july okay yeah i have to. see if i get evicted first. what's going on with that. getting married you know one. step at a time true. yeah yeah yeah uh your life's. crazy well this guy's got yeah. your life is out of control. terri well it's not terrible. it's not terrible but um it's this. it's this and this it's both. high in love right. some months you're buying. apple some months you're buying mcdonald's yeah right some months i have hair transplant some months. i'm in canada so get kicked. out of america into. canada look you just got to. find the [ __ ] place to. go to in australia in australia. they're real good with their hands. though man a lot. of people do tattoo stuff a lot. of people do hairdressing stuff. that's great i'm going to. say something that i don't. know if this guy wants to. hear it or not. your hair looks better now. than it did in any of the pictures. maybe you don't need a [ __ ] haircut. could have been the videos though. you know maybe you just got good. video hair that's not really something. that's just good hair some people look better. in real life than they do. in the i know. but the hair is generally hair. no you yeah but when you see the hair. blowing and moving it's nice. okay and i'm right. okay okay man okay all right. all right we want to. do another um i i yeah. just find a good person. i guess you know yeah. that's his point how how does he know how you don't know. tri er trial and error. is the only way to. find a good hair stylist yeah. yeah so i guess that's it. exactly go to turkey. all right next hey matt. and chris my name's hannah. i'm from sudbury ontario in canada. another k i have a question. about my boyfriend he has an issue. with me um pointing out. things in public to. him and taking pictures of objects. or sites in public. this guy's [ __ ] up because he thinks that let's hear them. out people that are in the general. area may perceive me as pointing. at them or taking pictures. well let's hear so do i just not point. things out to. him and try to. avoid taking pictures where people. are standing or is he wrong. he's um what do you think love. questions like this you amazing. i'll youe i just don't i i i understand. the guy of course you do dude. i do i do because i think about this. sometimes here's why you understand. it you know she's complet. what she's saying she's completely right. and he's completely dead. [ __ ] wrong and you're used to. being the completely [ __ ] dead wrong guy. you so you have sympathy. for him that's the only reason. you understand where he's coming from. that is a [ __ ] thing to. say dude what are you talking. about he's paranoid on. behalf of other people. yeah i think you're taking a picture of them. like who gets paranoid on. behalf of others you're right. that that's what i'm doing. i know i do know um but when you take a picture. of a fountain not that. you ever do that but if you want. you're [ __ ] yeah i i have too actually i did yesterday. i was at the grove. yesterday that's crazy all right. you want to. see there were a lot of people took a picture of a fountain yesterday. tell me when you took the picture. tell me you didn't think. about the people in the picture. and think like i hope they're okay. with this right you did did. you i didn't i didn't giving a [ __ ] is different than not thinking about it. you got to take pictures. heir around it though i'm trying to. ask him a specific question. saying it didn't even. enter his mind and anybody that might have been i know. but what that's his he said. he didn't give a [ __ ] you see how [ __ ] annoying he is crazy. what's annoying is i'm not getting. the answer i ask what's annoying. is i'm not getting he's not. giving it to. me and your comm his defense. when i i just have one question. but but what's annoying is that you're even. remotely annoyed you look. so much like dad now it's crazy. dude wow wow i have one question all right. and and it's it's yes or no. really did you think about the people. in the picture while you are taking the the fountain. and think i wonder if they i hope they're okay. with this or what no. okay so that's the answer. okay and i knew that was the answer. but okay if i take that. picture that that's all i think about what oh yeah. what do you what do. you mean what do you like if someone goes. like this in the video. like what do no you mean. anyway no i i mean i don't want them. to feel a certain type of way. that now they're going. to be in a picture i took because it sucks. for them if they don't want to. then get the [ __ ] away from the fountain everybody wants a picture of you're right. don't go to the fountain. yeah yes you're right. but still that's that's not the way. life works yours uh because if if i'm at if i'm okay okay so so so how about this you're at the fountain. looking at the fountain you. turn around and you see someone going. like this [ __ ] what do you think [ __ ] there you go so this he's a [ __ ] hypocrite yeah i'm a hypocrite. okay yeah one time. one time get your [ __ ] phone away. from me exactly so one. i was eating my wet pretzel. that's that's hypocrite okay now here's the thing. i feel also like oh i don't want to. be in their picture because i am not a hypocrite. now here's the deal what i think is oh i shouldn't be by the fountain why cuz if i don't want to. be in a [ __ ] picture take go away. from the place so you go so you go like this. oh that's the game i have anxiety. you know you know seinfeld george when he's eating the the ice. cream at the game i have anxiety. about that like you know. i'm my hotg back picture. sucking a dick yeah yeah. sucking a dick holding the balls. yeah yeah but i'll do it. i'm aet mh i will still take a picture. if people are in front because that's they're in front of the pountain right. and it's and if i happen. to get caught in a picture. when someone's i go charge it. to the game yeah charge to. the game but um i do if i see it. try to get out. of the picture because too i i here's here's why. here's why for me in the back. of my head i'm like are they secretly taking a picture of this. fountain because they want to. have a picture of me. of course you think that yeah. right well it'd be weird. if i wasn't a comedian. but i'm people know who i am okay. so all right so so chill right. don't make it an ego. thing the way it came out. of my mouth actually isn't exactly how i meant. it okay i didn't mean. because you're have an ego. i meant just because like you have are you. and have your brain. it's not like uh it's also dick. though yeah no it is i just want. to make sure you know the kind any case. it's dick different kinds though. so but but also here's the thing. that i really don't want i don't want them. to not know that i'm there. take the picture look at it. later and be like cryst a crystas in this. [ __ ] thing yeah cuz what if they don't like me oh my god dude there's the real thing yeah ciny. dud now also here's the worst. version of it there's more there's another layer. worst version this is wild. dude this this is all my thoughts. while i'm standing right the such an adventure okay. sees me doesn't know. who i am all good. that's fine don't care about. that that's preferable sure okay. sends it to. a friend look i know look at this. fountain yeah they go crystal. is in that [ __ ] pick they go who the comedian. that is the worst i don't. want that happening you don't want. that at all yeah no we got to. go back to the fountain. [ __ ] chryst is in our picture. we got to go. back to the fountain how crazy that's i'm crazy. huh well yeah you just with a brain. like that you shouldn't. leave the house right. why would you leave. the house if that's how your brain. works don't stay away. from fountain stay away. from fountain some sort of notoriety though. you ever think that like oh [ __ ] i wonder. if they know who i am if they're taking a picture. of that and a little sometimes yeah. i'm not chrisa you're also not worried. about it to. it's not worried it's not worried. you know you know what i get anxiety. about so people some some people think i'm like oh he's a misogynist. you know i get i get that. rep so like really sweet. canadian girls don't actually [ __ ] with me. that's like kind of my my car. group and when i'm at nightclubs. sometimes and i see girls. come in the booth. and then they're like and they walk out. i'm like they [ __ ] left cu. of me they [ __ ] left cuz of me. that's what i do yeah. what the [ __ ] did i do that's so [ __ ] up i big up the girls girls. and i want to. have a conversation and here's the other thing. they might not even know. who you are and they think they do. and and you think they do and then yeah yeah exactly. everybody ascribes what other people. are doing to. their own behavior and the fact. is it has nothing to. do with them we are the centers. of our own universe and that. is a flaw it's not. [ __ ] the way it's actually is it's only the way it is in our mind it's beneficial to. us to think of the universe. as bending toward around us you. don't story someone and they don't restory it. yeah you're like h. that's hilarious that's w that's [ __ ] funny yeah. you don't want to. be associated with me [ __ ] i go out of my way i story you yeah and you can't even share [ __ ] you guys are [ __ ] up yeah yeah yeah no i get that i get that though i do do w you don't have to. think about all that stuff. and we do and i do you know. it would be so much more chill. and awesome if i didn't yeah. you could choose not you. could start not maybe a habit. will develop i've been working on. that kind of certain the fountain. thing doesn't it's not too. high on my list but yeah. you'll get to it. one day okay all right. next one how's it going. guys chy for having me. on in the episode where she featured. uh it was dope. you gave you gave me some. great advice on that note. because chris said i look. like a caveman in that. episode when it comes. to a beard how long is too. long you know i feel like unless it's a very specific cas like a easy top. where they can rock. the really long beard. um there's a general l. for most guys when they can grow and out. and i noticed that you guys. you keeping at a pretty medium. low length i know. m sometimes you mess around. with the mustache but like chris your feel i feel like it. just never grows it's always just that. length exactly so how long is too long. like when do you guys start. manscaping and also why don't you. ever go to just like a full shave a closer. shave why don't you ever try. to grow it out. at all um i feel like with me. i want to. try to grow it. out sometimes but then when i start growing. it out then i get that mustache. that hangs over the lips. i'm not going to. shave the mustache down short. um and keep the long. beard cuz that's a [ __ ] so yeah how long is too long for you guys it comes to. the beard thank you go. ahead i don't know i don't know if i have a ready made answer yeah do you i know. the answer okay what do you. look like a terrorist that's a good. that's [ __ ] good yeah is there more to. it than that honestly. what's your answer yes. i think i have better answer. what is it let's see. beard the jud beards are. fine beards are great stubble. is great yeah no beard's. great yeah right. the second your beard. hair well for there's two two two rules. okay if your beard hair. is longer than your hair. hair yeah you hate that. absolutely fix that that's you. have upside down head right. okay that's that's terrible. that's important yeah yeah. cuz terorists actually have long hair. who's that for the most he has it. yeah he's got no hair. if you have a beard in your bow that's kind of okay. that's actually i he' have to. have no be making a joke. it's okay right me he's making a joke. so um here's the the the real thing. though if your beard if you're just talking about beard. length and you don't want to. compare it to. hair or whatever the hair. hair if your beard hair is. so long that it doesn't just curve. one way that it's also like it's it's going. and then also swerving the other way. or if it's cracked. you know what i'm saying i think so you're almost there. yeah yeah but i've been there. you're not there though but i've been there. and bad and uh i kind of like a terrorist. when i that's too long. so i'm kind of checking both your boxes. here's the thing when it gets like that. i i look at myself. and i think that looks [ __ ] bad and then i realize i don't give a [ __ ] right right right that's okay but that's when your beard is too long but the reason why it's okay the only reason why it's okay is because i think i don't give a [ __ ] not because i think that looks that looks good that would be bad and then it would i that would be problem i understand that's better. if someone's just like ah [ __ ] whatever i'll shave it i will shave it that's what happens. in my mind i'm like i'm going. to shave it i don't need. to do it right. now i'm living in the future. you know that's the kind of guy. i am my yeah i have a a thing. that i use that's i use it. at one uh one clip. blade blade you're number one. guy and i do it. yeah i was a number two guy for a long. time i'm a number two guy so so how does that. work i don't know if i know the numbers. i was a number two guy for a long. time but here's the thing i thought why. don't i just just do it. less and i'm a one guy and for a few days it'll be too short. who cares right right. right oh interesting but now you have to. game plan when do i want to. look handsome i do which i do. do that but i mostly only. do that if like i'm filming. a special like okay and let me tell you something. my last special i [ __ ] you can say what you want. about the special i nailed the beard. length nailed it dude. yeah you looked good nailed it. it got my haircut kind of at the right. time how long before. uh a month and then i got my and my cut my beard. uh 11 days before that's the golden [ __ ] that's the golden 11. days is the golden if with the one. one 11 days later dude. 11 days that's so many days yeah that's a lot gold zone it's better. than trimming it at a two. six days before because you need to. give it time to. like find find its habitat yeah exactly. dude okay 11 days i think about all [ __ ] such important. [ __ ] when it's new they're still trying. figure out their new home. and they're all the same. length it's like who are you [ __ ] you know uh dj khaled yeah you know what i'm saying yeah yeah i do yeah you know it's like you you want some to. be more you want it to. be layered a bit look. like a strapon thing almost pull it. off exctly boy did i nail. the beard length yeah so go to. chris dot com get grow or die. yeah uh and check the beard. length dude speaking of grow crazy. beard length what i had um so so anyway all right. okay so we can do another. one you you you [ __ ] with with the mustache. sometimes what just mustache. yeah i do yeah you it's becoming it's becoming a. thing where it's it's for gays i was that. it's it was that 100%. right no but that's back. it's coming back i it's all. the way back because bu is becoming a thing. and mustache with a girlfriend means. you can come too dude. i would have to. say having porn guests on. your podcast having a mustache is. is is a bit like all right. i'm in right so so i get not having that. um if you're a cop. fireman fireman it's okay to. have it and you're not gay. i me or you're really. gay yeah that's the three that is it. um but yeah cop. i like mustache with stubble. longer here though yeah you look good. with that but stubble. you good so not clean. yeah big bush mustache joh. does it yeah you look good. with that okay well i johnny. johnny depp guy johnny. depp guy john depp a little bit guy. okay okay i mean oh jealous. oh jealous i'm handsome too. but you know it's like uh i think blow you're a. blow guy blow blow those guys you're right. clearly mustach yeah no but i i always kind of just have had. this huh yeah you never and now it's gray. i want it to. get to the point. where it's gray on. my hair when i get hey when i get gray. on my hair yeah you will look really good you know. i feel like you've looked the same. since you were born oh dude. h no joke that is true. you look at pictures. of him but s months. old looked exactly like that. yeah it's really weird. actually you've always looked the same. okay it's true that's good forian. i'll see you do a little tbt. i'm like that's that's not johnny. da no no no no that's a different guy. guy that's alucino it's young. alucino alino that's exactly right. yeah there go he knows. his [ __ ] when he was younger he'd be like oh where's my bottle where's give me my milk. milk give me my. all right uh all right. let's do another one. hey mt and chris my name's megan from. salake city that's my um anyway. i'm just looking for some advice. over a falling out i've had with my best. friend over the guy that i'm dating. and um it's been a pretty wild. experience um basically i've had a ref go. with dating the last few years. and she seen me go. through it and wants nothing but the best. for me okay and believes i'm settling and yeah. basically it's just caused her. to not become my friend. which has been really hard. deal with i thought she liked them. yeah me too and maybe she does. yeah i don't know how to. handle it i'm really. struggling with it i go. to therapy once a week. cry to my therapist. about it all the time. damn um but my birthday. is next week and i would like to. invite my friend but she's kind of blown. me off we haven't seen each other. in a few months. ense whole thing happened and i'm afraid she's going. to blow me off. again it's going to. feelings pretty bad so um i don't really. know how to handle this. situation let me know. if you have any advice thank you. i have advice i'm sorry. she's so incredible to. look at she's perfect like i was going. to say beautiful but it's beyond. that it's like she's the the eyes. the hair the skin guys i'm a married. man i don't i got one. yeah i look at my wife. and she's beautiful okay man. anyway uh well i recognize beauty when it's in front of me and that's beautiful person but but but i will say i i will say um i have an i had i have i have actual advice okay well that's good cuz we're 105 episodes. in it's about time. you have right so and it took it took how long it. took yeah it's 106 you got there. yeah it is yeah but so give yourself one. more shot on hey come to. my party mh if she blows you off then that's it. and allow yourself to. feel bad allow yourself to. feel bad give yourself the one. last shot should i i don't want. to be hurt prepare. this is what she is owed as your friend. now she's being sounds like she's being shitty. it sounds like she's being right. from what she's saying i can really relate to. this because i invited. a close friend to. my party on friday i. think i know where this. is going and he no showed and i thought if he comes. i will host him he will be my guest. of honor and we're going to. have a great time and i had all these little things. planned i i was matching shirts. everything like that and then he didn't show. up and then i thought he also didn't even answer. the [ __ ] message really okay so see so here's the thing so before we even get into. who that might be uh you asked. me to go to. your party and i what i say. i r away two minute. test time sucks i'm going. to be out of town. i'm touring love you bro. hope it's amazing checked in after. party looked great how'd it. go fu real friends how many of them i didn't even realize i was that good of a dude. right for reminding cool so so who's the guy. you're talking about so it. was actually not [ __ ] delay wow. wow i didn't even get a double. top like really here's what happened. ryan invited me to. his party i thought for 2. seconds about how [ __ ] unbelievably great. that party would be and then i thought is it. safe for me to. be there yeah what is that. see now you're being the people that leave the booth. he's a booth lever. that's not what i me. i can't associate with ryan that's not what i me. that's not what he meant. that's not what he meant. but i like that you made the connection. like that but that's not what he meant. that's not what i meant. yeah yeah yeah talking about the presence. of so many beautiful women. he's saying is a dangerous. thing he's going to. get aids because you can't. handle well that's not what. i'm saying you have a kid. and you know i'll have a kid. and i won't have wanted. that kid you know and then i have a kid. and i don't want a kid. i'm thinking ahe with all respect. mt you're a handsome. child you're a good guy. you think you walk into. this party they're all trying. to have your kids not all but there's so many of them. that it could easy could. be i go like this. when you invited me. to the party i go. like this thank god i'm out. of town okay cuz i'm like you know see i wasn't out. of town i didn't i couldn't even respond. cuz i was like i can't i'm scared. you you you you chickened out. i chickened out you sled. out i sled out. chicken out that's kind of bit. [ __ ] i don't know what to. say and i just thought i'm scared. scared guy hey what' you do that night by the way dude sat and watch tub. dude oh you watch tub. my favorite tu's the best. oh you you agree it's not better. than that [ __ ] party cuz i saw the pictures afterwards. i was like looked my god it. looked like a fake party. like you type into an ai. thing show me the best. party that there ever was. wow and that's what the pictures. look actually what they look. like you know i um i yeah it when i was 28. or 30 whatever that would have been the party. man yeah well exactly yeah. yeah little too old for that. now um so uh i'm thinking about your advice. what you said you had really good. advice and i feel like we might have that. was it oh okay good i think that you yeah. allow yourself cuz it's friendship ending if they don't come like it's one of those things like you know you're allow. feel bad but don't feel bad that. you feel bad you're allowed. to feel bad because this sucks. and just give it one. more shot and this. is your party and it'll be very telling if she doesn't come. also if she's not coming or if she's not being your friend. because she think that you're with the wrong. guy that makes that that's is so weird. that's the my thing it's like what. is she your friend is willing to. lose you as a friend. because she thinks you've lowered your standards. like that is something else has to. be going on right well there is something. else going on whether it's she the other girl feels insecure. that she's the ugly one. or she secretly likes the guy. or it could be a bunch of things. or it's an out maybe she doesn't like the ginger. ginger's too cute it could be that's right. that's what i'm saying yeah. it's definitely something else that. she's not being upfront about though. that makes no sense if i had a best. friend and that best friend. dated some woman that i thought was like way. beneath him i wouldn't be like hey. man it was nice knowing you like what. the [ __ ] is that's like talk. about like that you're a bad. person if you do that right. yes like you stick around. for your friends when they need you most that's when you like are. more present and if they have a a girl if they have like a woman that is not. good for them you you. try to hit on them. and then you sleep with them. so they have to. stop no no no no no that's not that's so they have to. stop oh she cheated on you right. you're break up doing them. a favor yeah yeah no that's just that's something. else going on in the background. none of your business though. like it's unfortunate you should be sad. you have every right to. be sad but that is not yeah. that's we don't want any. part of that that's wacky yeah. that's wacky yeah yeah and i hope you're happy. in a relationship cuz [ __ ] yeah oh yeah that's a weird one that's very weird. i'll do another one i don't like that. okay oh wow this guy's tough we know. him we know him. we've talked to him. oh we talked to this. guy he's tough dude. hey chris um just want to. give you guys a little update. on the dude whose girlfriend was. talking to her ex. behind my back um after she said she was texting her. friend and saying you know she still had. her ex on her mind. up um also just want to. say thank you guys for the response. i'm a huge fan of you. guys um i've been watching lifeline since it. came out i've been watching congratulations. for the last 3 years and i've been watching literally both. of them every single day. like there hasn't been one day. in the last 3 years. i haven't watched so thank you. so you know what's happened. so his he has a a girl that's talking to. her standard it's terrible. said no it's the wor. i feel i feel sick. totally so go ahead and keep playing. um so little updates answer. some of your guys questions. uh so my girlfriend broke. up with her ex around 2. years ago um because he cheated on. her they didn't talk until you know. obviously he added her back. on snapchat around three weeks. ago that was the last time. they talked c back. so i sent you guys. that video on a wednesday. went to school. um and then i just thought the whole day. you know i i i am a big. overthinker i'm not going to. be able to. be in a relationship with her if you know i found out she did. this once it's so easier. for her to do it. again a second time so i ended it. um she told her friend. her friend call told me. to call her when i get home. so i called her friend because her friend i guess. was just trying to. comfort me cuz she knew i was really upset. and her friend goes you know. that two days ago um she her. ex brought her home from the gym. right and i'm like what are you talking. about and she goes she told me. she told you her ex. worked out with her and home from the gym. she literally did not tell me. that and her friend goes she posted. it on her story keep in mind. 2 days before this. i noticed that she took me off. of her story and i asked her. why and she said it. was an accident so that's why she took me off her story because she was working out. with her ex and she also posted him. and didn't want me to. see so basically told her and she got really mad at her. friend saying her friend was the reason. we're breaking up i guess. which her friend's a nice person. for telling without tell me h. with her a few days ago. and then the day after that her. little brother told me. that so dizzy a day. after they went to. the gym together they went. to the mall together. which i remember the day. they went to the mall. she told me she was there. with one of her friends. who's a girl small town. so she didn't tell me that. either so that's two times that i found out. um him behind my back. without telling me um. and keep in mind. we're already broken up i already. said that we're done. so she just wanted to. break up without ever. telling me this and i had to. find out from her little brother. and her friend if she hung out. with her boyfriend not only just texted him. not only has her has him in her mind. but they literally without telling me. um but yeah that's just a little update. um i kind of just told her you know. like screw you that's pretty. messed up that she did that. i don't want anything to. do with you and you know. now she's posting a bunch of sad. videos and stuff like that. like you know you messed up. you know i don't get all this. sad stuff when you did this to. yourself you know um but that's just a little update. um i'm still trying to. kind of get over it. a little bit but yeah thank guys. what if he was like and here's the chick. and he it's amy. adams it's a picture of amy. adams we're like oh my god you're dating. amy adams he's like she's. being that shitty so um so yeah. well you did the right. thing and i you could sniff that. kind of from a mile. away but was wrong i'll say i remember being like well she's young like maybe she just like well but no but you're not but that's not wrong. though that's the attitude you kind of have to. take because you should give the person. the benefit of the right. right at the beginning. when it first starts yeah. yeah and then people will well yeah her posting is nuts. that's above and be she give a [ __ ] she's a rock. star wow she's cheating and and posting it and then deleting him. from the story saying it was an accident. yeah an accident that's crazy. she's basically the heard next guest. on his podcast yes she's incredible. yeah yeah he wants her. on the show poor guy but [ __ ] this girl's. a kind of a rocker she. got balls of steel. to delete him and then post i hate. that [ __ ] posting cheating anyone post chea in my me neither dude. honestly that's hilarious that's above. and beyond anything me too. i never ever even heard someone. mention that because it's such an obvious. you know who would post. cheating uh uh uh uh little bit of a chubby. uh 50s something year. old black guy yeah you nah. dude no dude hell yeah. barbecue guy hell yeah. he's been around too. much to know better dude. these people are [ __ ] the point yeah. i don't care man right. right right he doesn't care. yeah i do not care yeah. i post i post when i post i don't think about it. you know and i shouldn't have but i did. yeah so i me maybe you're right. yeah my wife's going to. be mad at something wife my my wife's goingon to. be mad at something no matter what so i'll post. i do my life right. come on bro. that guy is so that there's at least one. of those little chubby. a little bit chubby. black guys in his 50s in each state. doing that right now so there's at least 50. 50 man even in alaska. he's like i i am. it is cold up here but i'm still posting i am. i didn't even have a wifi. today yeah yeah it was hard. to post but i did it. i took my i took my wife off the thing. she going to find out. she going to find out. her friend going to. tell her and i do not care yeah. yeah i do not care yeah. that's [ __ ] brass my take away. from this is that he's the nice. guy oh yeah treating her like an angel and then went back. to the guy who cheated on. her yeah no you're right. 100 100 100 there. is something that he has he is o. an overthinker this guy. yeah but it it served. him here yeah but he needs to. let go of that but you need to. let go of that that's only. going to [ __ ] you all that. matters is what happened and how that makes you feel you don't need to. keep dissecting it it happened it's over you do have to. move on you're not expected. to right away. but that's the direction you got to. go in you don't want to. sit there and just m over it. you'll feel like [ __ ] extra you don't want to. do that to yourself and you have to. cut communication when you break. up y mandat well she already did. by blocking him from her story but no she add him. again i tried to. reply to her. story today to say hi. yeah dude get her out. she's gone dude that that's too. much and it takes about three months. and in in 11 days to. get over it yeah no that's fair. you know the amount of time. it takes for his beard. to grow it's been about 3 months. 11 days since i got cheated on and uh feel good today finally finally finally finally that you oh yeah what yeah oh recently i got cheated on you broke up yeah that girl oh i didn't know was that girl i knew you guys broke. up i didn't know that. happened yeah yeah she [ __ ] that dude. okay so sorry that happened. um you're so the guy that happens. to yeah yeah yeah yeah you know. yeah cuz i was nice to. this one you're so and you're also you're like this. guy that's he you're the blade. of the porn world he walk. he's he he's not in the completely. yeah yeah yeah but he's like the guy guy yeah. who it's cool safe to. be with cool to. be with he doesn't actually do this. stuff right right but he's still the vampire. you know what i'm talking. about right so you're like the blade of right. so yeah you're blade you're blade. i'm blade so you're blade dude. i'm blade yeah you're blade you're you're you know. so it's like so so you're the guy. that that happens to. unfortunately but live and learn. it happened and now it won't happen. again and you're better for it. yeah and so is this. guy yeah yeah we're blade you you guys are blade so that's cool. so you're um all right well good good. good uh it's a good. job you got to. be a single guy. and you and and this was three months. ago roughly yeah and 11 days. how do you feel now. you know what 3 months. 11 days he the right amount and it took it actually been 3 months 11 days i think so oh okay it was christmas. got it i think about yeah. it took about two months. uhhuh merry christmas huh. you know you're just having sex. to like say you did. it y but you're thinking about it. the whole time and then only in the last six weeks. does sex feel like oh cool. a vagina that that is honestly. hey hey hey oh cool a vagina. haven't we all been there. dude hey has cool a vagina. say it out loud next time. what wait a minute oh yeah. dude wow yeah there is that threshold where like you're doing. it to almost prove. to yourself something exct and then you pass. that and then you realize you passed that. and you're like oh thank [ __ ] yes yes yes yeah that's a good place. to be right yeah. good for you pillow. talk check out his podcast. it's great i've done. it if you want to. get wet you know wet your appetite. with this podcast go look. at my episode on there. first yeah it was fun. it was fun uh and uh show's amazing. yes and uh you got to. get on there hell yeah. i would love to. get on there he's going. to know he's going to. know show he's not even like the message. yeah you asked me. on that show i'll be there early. and i'll tell you something i haven't been anywhere. early in 20 years. and one thing for shir to. have have a bag with extra. clothes cuz he always does. brings bags with extra extra. extra clothes you never know. what's going to happen. so yeah so you so all right. so then that's great check that. podcast out it really is great. uh and it's fun. and just a great guy. wow uh yeah you are dude. i really like like you got got good. energy let me say something. too because i want the world. to hear it because i diss you so hard. about the party those there. are like i feel like your show could exist. and do well in the world. just because of what it is. you and i've said this. to him before you have. are so good at at at what you're doing. boys are nice yeah but you are makes it. like so much its own. thing and it's unique. and it is the thing it needs. to be as well. but you're just like it's like you're such a natural. it could never exist. without you it could still be popular. without you but it wouldn't it. wouldn't be an actual good. show thank you bo and. it wouldn't be nearly as popular. like you are a special person. that has a special thing. going on now they got to. stop uh you know orange. flagging you orange checking i know dude. zucky boy zuy at le you said zucky three times this episode uh appreciate you oh irvine lifeline live we will be there get your tickets. uh 14th that's right. yep he knows uh all right. there you go thank you. very much thanks everybody. hello hello hello hello hello hello hello 