 what you going to. what you what you have. to do dog is read. that book hey listen man. you are scared of flying. man i get it get the book. as the pilot man. and you read that book. and man that it's a page. and you get in the air. man you be why is your mexican. voice someone under immense physical. strain runk w hello. hello [music] hello welcome the lifeline. okay yes episode 86 it's sunday. december 3rd yeah it is and uh it's uh look you know it's a home stretch for the year right christmas. is coming up you can you know. what you do for christmas. you you can get your someone. uh patreon for the lifeline luxury. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. you can do that or you. can go and you can get my special. for your for your special someone special for special someone. and that's on grow or that's on. chia dot com it's my special. grow or die. so what frantic frantic i was i was just in uh traffic for do the thing. i was just in traffic. for two hours um so anyway but i'll be in uh let's see december. 3rd so i will be in well. tonight and reading uh and then oxnard california. i'll see you coming up soon. and sacramento california. brea california phoenix uh january. 20th can't wait for that. to go back to. the celebrity is it the celebrity. theater yeah the one in the round. and uh el paso texas and albuquerque new mexico. bragging well you know it's what it is uh got a new podcast. solo coming out not with this. fraking jabron you know. what i mean it's called. the private record uh you can submit. now to be a guest. you got a crazy. story you want to. come on the show tell. the world tell me and tell the world. uh go to the privat. record dot com and submit yourself. as a guest there we're on all. the socials instagram tik tok. the private record and subscribe. on youtube to. get all the updates for when we're going. to drop episodes. you got a question click for this. show click the link in the description. below heho heho he he who or go. to watch lifeline dot com okay or you can do at the hotline. at the number that i don't know. top of my head but it's just you know. binging binging you want. a oneonone advice session with me. go to mata. dot com bing binging binging. you want the lifeline merch. go to lifeline merch dot com. dude i don't want i don't want my fans. to come up to. me at my meet and greet. saying bing bang bing to. late cuz they do that. they do that they do. that it's a it's spreading it's going. viral what do you think of uh wearing black with light. jeans what do i think about it. yeah here's what i think about. it do you think it's okay. it's [ __ ] yeah dude it's like you're like a dad in of a fouryearold. in 1989 when you do that. i am almost a dad. of a fouryearold and it's 20123. but i i i i don't think you i feel that. same way too i feel like it's a dad. thing to wear a black. sweater and light jeans. but you're a dad so it's all. good right no no no but but why do we think that's a dad. thing because it's like a thing. that our dad and his friends. did when we were little kids. right okay yeah i i mean. i suppose so dude. we had i our dad. bia is known in the tristate. area for those who don't know like anthony. who actually literally just he literally just said he thought. kansas was on the east coast. before you walked in wow. okay well okay so people that don't know. geography he's not good with geography. because he doesn't know. he lives in an awful. neighborhood too like anthony. mh doesn't know [ __ ] about geography thought kansas was on the east coast. dude like on the actual coast. coast yeah i guess it's it's more i didn't say the coast. kansas what kanas which kansas. city though it doesn't matter doesn't matter. w that's crazy kansas he thought it. was on the east coast. anyway wait he thought the state kansas. was on theast st kansas. was on the east coast. that's how wrong he was yeah. you didn't even understand because that's how no i didn't understand. i could uh yeah couldn't possibly. but uh my dad it turns. out our dad he's also your dad was a an icon in the tristate area. he was a pioneer in wearing all black oh that's yes. did you know that no. wait who said that. it was delivered to. us by the producer of the show. chris he was told it. by a the father of someone he met. when he went to. college in ithaca which is in upstate. new york nowhere near new jersey. where we grew up. the legend had spread so just like johnny. cash my my dad was a pioneer and wearing all black i wore all black to. the gym today and i was i was wearing all black to. the gym today and you know. that's not a thing i think about i just had the clothes. on and some guy said looking. really armenian today someone just came up. to you and said that. yep and i was just like oh yeah. i all black i think he all i mean. i only know him from he said. like high and other things to. be at the gym. you could be armenian. though like it's not that. far of a cry. for you to be i think i really don't i don't. think i look armenian. you don't but it's like what. a thing to. say maybe he was armenian. i'm not sure he could have been armenian. oh he could have been like armenian. pride yes yes yes. but anyway i got the i got the dark. it's actually a grow or die. what do you think competent. qvc yeah it's cool. i mean it is cool. a m stripper a male stripper what you just. why why why stuck out. your butt and look back. um so it's a grower die. crew neck and it's really nice uh but you can get you can get at chris. dot com but yeah so uh i i'm wearing i'm wearing this. and it dude it i don't do you think okay. so here's how much traffic. that we had here's how much traffic. that was on you were act and you were acting like i should have known. it was going to. be 2 hours and and that's not that's not that's ludicrous. you were 75 minutes late. so let's add that to. the time that you took to. get here which was 40. minutes 40 minutes is an absurd. amount of time to. assume it would take you to. get from the where you live. i wasn't i was about to. say it but i don't want to. say it okay fine down to. downtown los angeles okay getting from silver. lake to. downtown at 4 at 420 would take 40. minutes okay you were coming. from four times that distance. probably more i didn't know it. was i didn't know it was. going to be that bad. i thought it would be i thought it'. be 10 15 minutes when we were making a time. to come here i said. it's 5:00 that's probably the worst. possible time everyone do it yeah. i'm sorry i'm really sorry. only i was on time. i'm really sorry i i i badly and dude. i was in so much. traffic that i called mom and dad. they were sitting together though. they they they called me back. they didn't pick up either. of them they both called. me back separately they were both. at the house and they both call. back separately my mom called me. back hey what's going on i say. hey how's it going she. was talking we talking a little bit 10. minutes later my dad said hey did you call. yeah that's so dad speaking. of dad [ __ ] that is so dad i was like yeah oh yeah i didn't i i i i guess mom didn't tell you they were probably watching [ __ ] combat or something like that you know what i mean what's combat that black and white show in the 50s oh wow remember how dad used to. watch it no you don't no. i remember he used to. watch bonanza yeah same. thing that mean like that. you know not same thing. obviously different show but i would never call. banan a combat but um so yeah. there was okay so do you think mom. was like well you know holidays. and also the holiday i like i think it. might be the rain. cuz it drizzled a little a little bit. but then mom was like oh yeah you know the holidays. too you think the holidays. i guess more people are out doing their their stuff. trying to but not right. now though it's no that's not why. it's just because it's la dude. that's what la is at 5:00. you can't get anywhere everyone it's like everyone. even people not in la. even people in kansas. all the way on the east. coast yeah all the way on the east coast. all the way on the eastern. seaboard in kansas all. the way i think it's actually in the water. kansas is in the water. yeah it's further east than puerto. rico yeah puerto rico oh every time i think of puerto. rico i think of that do you know. what that is getting poked in the butt. no do you you know. what it is no it's a song let's move. on it's not it's not important. but okay brought it up. anyway i'm feeling good do you want. to know anything about me. or what's up not at all. this podcast is your favorite. podcast we know it is and here's the thing. we we have we have something that we want. you to do okay. tell your friend about this. podcast somebody that doesn't already listen. to the podcast spread it. spread this podcast like it's a cancer. okay because you know what i mean. it's like we want this. podcast to go decades and decades. and decades don't you yeah yeah i can't believe how many people write. to me telling me. how much they love the podcast. go and it's like well prove. it you love it so much. prove it okay yeah exactly prove. it dude all right. so anyway it's like uh it is what it. is but uh there is a there is a mattress in my living. room do we have to. explain that you want me. it's well is that like going. to even make any sense. at all you have to. explain it yeah okay absolutely not. so how could it make sense. if you've explained it if we've talked about it. before we've done so many episodes. of the show i don't know how many inside. jokes we've explained and how many we haven't. no there's a mattress inside in. my living room right now. okay so for how many years now. maybe like 25 years we've made this. joke oh oh explain the joke. yeah i i don't give a [ __ ] about why. i think we've probably done. the joke here if it's the thing. that the guy's saying in the sn. a code foress snip 300 yards. away if i say that there's a mattress in the living room. a bullet to. the head yeah yeah okay mattress is in mattresses in the living. room anyway saying it so drunk. there's mattress in the living room. yeah uh why do there. you go is that what you want. to know about too you. want to answer it. so go ahead i mean. we don't have to. talk about it but i will tell you all right. so kristen said said to. calvin okay so calvin it. was like time to. go to bed and calvin's. like i want to. sleep in your guys bed. we're like we can't but what do. you think would you want to. sleep downstairs in the living room. she says and i was like i was like what. yeah what yeah and calvin. goes like this yes of course right. and i was like what's going. on here yeah why and then she the next. thing i know mhm she's bringing. the mattress from our bedroom. upstairs to the living. room down mattress dude i think do you know. something that i am always dealing. with is how how much i forget. how heavy mattresses are yeah. mattresses are really heavy mattresses don't. i don't think they have to. be that heavy and i think that it's a little bit. [ __ ] annoying that they're that heavy okay. it's like they're filled with it's like they're always wet. is how heavy they are. but they got to. be that heavy to. be the more expensive they are are i know okay. so somebody one time gave me an $88,000. mattress i would never buy. something that expensive he was like i don't want it. i'd never used it i was like do i want. it of course but i had to. transport it yeah and i was like this. is not a possible. thing to transport yeah. so this mattress was so heavy. it must have been uh 120k yeah right. and so i i go like you're not going to. get the inflatable cu we have an inflatable one. too that's like $10. right she's like now we're going to. bring the real mattress down. like no baby come on let's not do. this i look at calvin and he's he's already. got some of the covers. he's like i'm helping i'm doing. good i'm like the strong. person from encanto who's a woman that's a whole. another thing but anyway that's what he's saying. and uh so i'm like okay. and we bring the mattress down. it dude it's so heavy we bring it. downstairs put it in the living. room she moves all the furniture and we're watching. tv and now like i can't do anything. else all day the next day. because we don't put it. back because it's too heavy. to bring it back. up which is me and her. disaster this is like a i would have this. nightmare but but so the sleeping part. was super fun calin was there we were in the living room. it's been there for 3. days so our bedroom is a living room. i mean that's kind of cool. but good luck getting. it back but here's the other thing. last night get it. back get movers i know so last night. david was over and he was like oh that's a mistake. right there and we were hang we were watching. that show [ __ ] face off you know with the with the hollywood. makeup [ __ ] and all that not not the nicholas cting. no i don't know that. and uh thankfully and christ. was like i want to. go to bed and i was like david's over. and she's like i know but i got to. sleep but we're in the live this. is the living room now. why wasn't his mattress taken. to the living room who's calvin calvin not david. smaller it's small david suvan it would have taken. a long got you yeah cuz it's smaller. and we wouldn't have fit okay. anyway that's that's the news and you came here for the news. and that's great that's just i have so many questions. i'm not even going to. ask you know what i mean. do you want to. just get into. it all right okay hey chris and matt. uh um so this isn't a question. this is actually just advice. for chris uh i'm wearing hats. cuz i think you would i think you would look good. in baseball hats um but the secret is. that you need to. get dad caps instead of no. regular baseball caps so ones that have like the soft. front instead of the hard but it's not. it's not the secret for for. you yeah like the i don't have a hat. to show you but ah you should have brought a hat. theill but sell this idea came up with um i think it'll look better. on you and then also experiment with the angle. of where it's at up. and down let your hair do some stuff. coming around it i think you just also have to. get used to. yourself in hats yeah i mean. i understand not look good in hats. but the more i wore them. um and people tell me you look. pretty good in that. hat i'm like nobody said nobody ever said that. you do it chris hey dude. you know what i'm sorry. i didn't want to. interrupt your meal but you look pretty good. in that hat beanies. i look like a are t. but yeah you look really good in that. hat pretty good in that. hat yeah dude i nobody's ever said that. to anyone in the world. actually nobody you look pretty good in that. hat people have said you look really good in that. hat nobody's ever. said you look pretty good in that. saying it's just not a thing. to say nobody ever said that. the other thing is um it makes everything. he said totally toss. out the window i don't think that he uh knows okay let me just say this. dad hat look actually worse. on me they do they look. worse they look worse. on me if i the only ball. cap i could possibly wear. is one straight up that like you know. jay buer wears for for work. wow yeah so jay. buer dude wow you know um i'm just not a ha guy. and i'm fine with it. i don't need to. be a ha guy i don't care about it. you know what hats. itch my [ __ ] head how about that i don't know how people wear hats. all day i i don't understand. how be a wear hats. all day you wear hat. all day uh yeah actually more now. than i used to. and it doesn't bug. you uh it it it's like does. it bug me no it doesn't. bug me now it really. it it doesn't just bug. me it really really well that's the kind of thing. it's like growing a beard. everyone's like you know it. itches it itches how do you grow that. beard it itches dude. if you have a beard you think i'm just itchy all day. m doesn't itch at all [ __ ] maniacs. like i'm not like doing it. even though it itches a lot. obviously it grows past a certain point. and it doesn't itch. anymore but it doesn't even itch. even at any point for me. i i never have an itchy beard. i've never i yeah i know. but if you what i'm saying is if you don't ever. have a beard and you start. to grow one it itches. in that initial period. oh not to me. but you always have a beard. that's what i'm saying if you don't always have a beard. and then you decide to. grow one it itches last time. i shaved it was 3. i was 36 well that's 17 years. ago years no s years. ago and then the time. before that i was 31. so i've shaved my beard. twice in 13 years. and that's no joke. so then there there in lies. the reason you never have an itchy beard. it didn't itch when i grew it. out those two times wow i'm pissed i'm pissed but that's the truth. dude but you shaved. it and then it grew right. back yeah that's what i'm saying. dude you are not listening. john malovich you are not [ __ ] listening what do you mean. i'm not listening what do. you mean what do you mean. that's what you're saying. you're saying what if you always have a beard. and then you shave it and grow it. back it doesn't itch if you never have a beard. i'm only saying the thing i've been get i get it. saying the enti time i don't know. if okay i don't know if you've been specifically saying that. but okay okay okay fair enough. all right but i don't look. good in hats i have. been specifically saying thate please rewind to. find out i'm not i'm also not. i'm i don't look. good in hats i'm also not. going to try yeah. don't bother and i'm good. i'm good i also i'm lucky. i have good hair i'm happy. i'm good good and rate my hair. worked out for everybody. today yeah six and a half. dude you're a real stinge you know. that then why do you ask dude. last time you asked. i said the truth. it was a nine i gave you the [ __ ] honest [ __ ] it looked good i think it's oh it looked better. from the side seven and a half. so so from the side. seven and a half turn straight. on six yeah six and a half. yeah but that that is good. this this is an eight. yeah okay so it's up. now all right yeah no it looks really good. from the from the back like this. uh seven the funniest. thing would be if you said 10. but okay that's fine i set. you up for i don't [ __ ] around. with ha for a really funny joke. i just give you the honest. [ __ ] dude i don't care how good a joke. can be i'm honest about him. all right all right uh all right. let's do the next one. what's up guys a common. interaction for me is that somebody will reference a movie from call. it 1970 to. 2000 now this isn't a big deal. in itself right we're having a conversation. you're welcome to. reference whatever movie you want. but i wasn't raised on. film my parents didn't care about movies. so i haven't seen all these sort of classic. american films from before the turn of the millennia. and so inevitably have to. be like hey i don't understand. your reference i haven't seen. that movie and then the person's like oh oh you haven't. seen that movie dude. you got to see it. it's the best movie like oh yeah. and i'm like no it was made in 1983. and it's actually not good anymore. you just have an association. with it yes right. and well that's wrong i actually. really take it anymore. because every time the reaction is. the same when i haven't seen a person's favorite. movie you know and it's just like i'm not i don't. really need advice on how to. spin move out of this. like i [ __ ] you know put somebody down but i know you guys are film buffs so i wanted to. get your opinion on. are these people in the right. for flaming me or am i. right to stand tall. in the fact that the camer eat the camera. going to become the camera. and then we see yeah and then we see. nothing so the answer is you're not wrong. if you don't care about movies. who gives this [ __ ] yeah but he's saying though like should i have should i watch these movies answer no. not if you don't care. about you obviously don't care. about movies you weren't. raised on movies you don't watch movies. that are old like from before. now so like why would you give a [ __ ] it's annoying. that they do that but like i don't know. i i love movies. i don't even do that. who are these people you know. what though it it really does. happen no matter how many movies. you've seen i've seen a lot. of movies and there's movies that i just like it. haven i haven't seen step brothers. you haven't seen step brothers. but like i said this. the other day and people lost. their mind like i can't just live a life. and not see step brother. let me tell you something. that's going to crack. your mind open okay. and the truth is going to. alter your per of reality. oh okay you've seen step. brother people i have seen i do i have all these memories. of it okay what but for real. though okay people like actual film maniacs. okay would never do that. see do what do the what. this guy's saying they they're they're yes because they know that they're [ __ ] maniacs and they're not like expecting everyone else to. be like that the only people that. do that are [ __ ] losers who seen like 10 movies. from every decade and they think they're some [ __ ] expert cuz they've seen fletch. that might be true. okay so those people the ones that flame you. for not seeing [ __ ] city. slickers are just [ __ ] they should call them. theid fletch wandering around yeah fletch. [ __ ] sucks fletch sucks yeah but people that have seen fletch. are like you haven't seen fletch. yeah that movie should be called. wandering why would they do. that cuz he's just walking around. like like looking in drawers that's all. he does if well that would be better. he's at the beach and [ __ ] that would be better. sometimes yeah dude it sucks. and then they try to. make a remake with john. ham did i didn't see. it did you see it. they did did you see it. i didn't even know that. that was didn't see it dude. i didn't even know that. was a thing that alone. did i see it john. ham did it yeah okay. well it's crazy cu i was like man. if that was if they remade fletch. like in 2000 with somebody it. would be a big deal but now just nobody gives a [ __ ] i mean i even yeah i mean there's a movie there's movies that i don't even know. m that i should absolutely know. exist but i dude even i'm just like movies. are so i don't [ __ ] give a [ __ ] anymore. you know they remade rocky. two years ago get it. yeah i mean they basically did whated creed. yeah well that's the spinoff. but what was what what was the fletch. remake called wandering for no. john ham i don't know flet wander i don't. even know this back in action fletch. whoopsy daisy who the called fletch it. has called got be called something lives yeah. yeah yeah was the sequel. that they made in the80s no with john. ham no not fletch 2 he. writes you know [ __ ] unre writes fletch [ __ ] two do you believe this. guy i don't fletch was. a hit obviously there's a two and it's obviously. not the john ham. one bro it's called confess. fletch yeah [ __ ] fletch. [ __ ] you hold on but we're not even doing you got to. f for fletch two already [ __ ] exists. and it was made in the ' 80s. of course he wouldn't know. that he thinks kansas is underneath. connecticut he literally thinks kansas. is right above [ __ ] florida. okay the bigger thing is. it's confess fletch okay. why is that a thing. that's the worst [ __ ] title. ever okay well even heard of flet. good for you honest. good for you you haven't seen fletch. no the m no it's fine. you haven't heard of fletch. it's fine it's good. dude [ __ ] that's progress. somebody hasn't heard of fles that's [ __ ] it's a movie in the 80s. that was by chevy chase. chevy chase is very funny. and he's in it. and he plays like this. you know detective that's like you know. silly but getting the job done. kind ofb he's a smart. guy but uh yeah and it it's bad. it's really bad and people who have. seen 12 movies from the 80s. are like you haven't seen flash. lives yeah shut the [ __ ] up you okay well i got you deserve to. burn in [ __ ] out that's a bit extreme. and uh we're going to. lose subscribers for that but um i was i came home. the other day and kristen was watching white. christmas the movie with danny kay. and bing crosby right. cool cooler than flet 1950. something let me tell you something. dude movies were [ __ ] different and that movie sucked well. those movies definitely sucked i on. 34 street straight up one. shot for [ __ ] 12 minutes. and and he was just like well darling. we're both sitting on a bench. how do you expect it was going. to go you're watching the wrong. [ __ ] i'll give you some [ __ ] from matthew i your [ __ ] nuts into. your [ __ ] [ __ ] losing subscribers so listen i'll give you some [ __ ] that'll blow your nuts down [ __ ] throat out your [ __ ] ass you have a nut sack ass dude i mean bleep that all okay so but um anyway uh it was terrible white christmas. was terrible and uh i can so you think movies. can be good 70 years. later yeah they can well i know they can yeah i mean. i can list them up. but i don't want to. be boring as hell [ __ ] shore. i don't want to. be boring as [ __ ] [ __ ] unlike this guy's friends you haven't seen kaza blanca that movie probably su new friends dude all right that's the solution well that's the advice i got for you okay you want to. see another one i mean. not saying words m all right. another one hey chris and matt. so just went to. the mechanic and the guy who's working on. my car um had a lazy. eye and i've came i've come into. this problem multiple times in the past. don't really know where to. look when i'm talking to. them obviously trying not to. look at their lazy eye. um or maybe i should look. at their lazy eye. or should i look at just their one. good eye or should i look at both. eyes or pretend like i'm looking at both. eyes i feel like that's what i usually. do with people that have two good eyes. um so just trying to. figure out how to. make this not weird for him. for me and everything in between. um i know also side note. uh this guy wanted. to shake my hand after we met. for an estimate and his hands were absolutely filthy i. uh didn't want to. shake them but i did. because i didn't want to. make things weird so i shook them. i sucked it up. i've gotten my hands dirty before. doing things so i understand. it's not a huge deal um but the thing. that irs me the most is. he held on so tight. and for so long and so disgusting. what do you do. in that situation here's first of all. here's what you when someone with a lazy. eye goes to. shake your hand there's only one. thing to do give me your hand. and that's it all right. how could you not do that. that's what they would do. what that you're saying that's i know. but obviously you can't. undo them extending their hand. right okay you can't go. back in time and change someone else's. actions so you do that. and then they go what the [ __ ] oh that must be my fault. you make they laugh because they have a lazy. eye well but okay and they get the joke. and you laugh and then you [ __ ] shove their nuts down their throat come. right out their ass. bleep it out i. don't think that honestly that. that would be happen once. even i don't think dud. the guy with a lazy eye. would appreciate it and he would say you know. what thank you i've been looking. all my life for that. i'm not saying they wouldn't appreciate it. what i'm saying is if you go. like this if if a lazy i go like that and then you put your hand there i think zero. of them would laugh and and and know what was happening. that you were making a joke. i think you don't think you don't think they would know what i no. not if you haven't talked about the lazy eye. dude but everybody knows he got a lazy eye. he has a lazy eye. it's not something you need to. talk about so picture this. you have a lazy eye. all right you it's not new to. you you've had one you're 40. you're not thinking of it. every day all the time. and someone does that you think what. the [ __ ] wrong with this. guy here i am correct. here here lies the answer. to his vi about. the lazy eye he's not thinking about it. he's had the lazy forever. that's what i just said. i know i just said here. in lies the [ __ ] answer to. his question okay okay okay okay oh oh to. him okay i know. you just said i thought you were facing me. all right i thought you giving him. he doesn't think about his. lazy eye doesn't matter where you look he he's had it for [ __ ] ever and ever yeah okay he doesn't give a [ __ ] he's got a lazy eye [ __ ] hates it i got even better. i have better advice okay. wear sunglasses oh so you see a guy. with okay you're wearing regular glasses. oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] yeah right yeah okay yeah hey sir he puts his out you still did the thing yeah dude that's exactly right that's what you should do yeah or check or do like this or go like this oh check this out no look what's up man. yeah or just do what. what uh i do which is look off. to the side of their eyes. or anywhere else cuz i don't like looking people in the eye. what about why don't you look. at right in between. their eyes that's a good idea look at their like the bridge. of their nose but i think i think what he's trying. to he's he's overthink i i've never thought. about this in my life. as lazy i don't even think about. here's the truth of the matter. you're overthinking it the advice. is you're overthinking it it. doesn't matter where you look. he doesn't care where you. look so if you're trying to. save his feelings about feeling. stupid or whatever for having a lazy. eye he doesn't feel stupid for having a lazy eye. he just has one he doesn't care. doesn't matter where you look. the end correct worst children's. book yeah yeah okay it doesn't matter where you look yeah. that's that's that's the advice and about the dirty. hand do the i meant to. say the end i had a complete. malfunction okay well it happens jesus. christ now the thing about the hand is leading. me to believe that. you got problems in general. because you don't know. you're you're panicking about where to. look cuz the lazy ey you don't want to. touch his hand cuz's he's a mechanic dude. of course his hands are dirty. yeah go to therapy. you go to a mechanic and you think all right. i'm going to have to. watch my hands after this. because you might you're going to. touch something disgusting. also i don't here's here's the thing. dude i don't mind dirty hands. yeah who cares i don't. mind dirty hands what i mind. is clammy hands that's i thought. he was going to. say that when somebody has clammy. hands here's the deal if you have if you're a person and i don't mean if you have clamy hands sometimes. but if you're a person who on the regular has clamy hands. cuz that's a thing it's a real thing if that. happens to you don't ever. [ __ ] shake anyone's hand because that sucks dude i got a buddy who he man. it is crazy like i don't even. know how he dates i know. who you're talking about yeah and you go. hey what's up and oh no. dude and sometimes you know who's going. to have the claming hands too. you're like no no no don't do. it bro don't do it. bro all right okay well nice to. meet you great well great. great i knew it. too how about those people who are like expect you to. understand that they don't like to. shake hands so they'll just give you a fist dude. that there's nothing worse. than that well i i do be in the world. i do that be in the world. shake their hand no well okay. what about me i and this. is the truth i do. meet and greets all. the time i meet 100 people. after every show i don't shake. hands and when i stopped doing that. i got sick i can't. even tell you how exponentially less. it's unbelievable and i don't know. if it's because of that well it. definitely is i you know. no i i i would i would be sick. on the road stop shaking people's hands. i just go boom boom boom and then some people. go and i'm like and they go. and i go what you gonna. do yeah it's called the how mandal but denny always says to. me he's like man i can't believe it's really inspiring. how much you hold. out for that i go i i don't stop yeah you're going to. do it you don't go. ah okay like you're you got to. stick to it but if somebody's like disabled. or something i might do it. sure okay like if they had a lazy. eye no not that disabl it would have to. be something with their body like in a wheelchair. well yeah i would do it. for sure with that but or like even if they had a limb. like a bat one. okay okay where's the threshold what what's not what's just not enough of a disability for you to. hold out probably a limp but not a bad limp. like a knee problem like a a bad. kne like like i can't tell if it's a knee problem. or if you're legs actually. way shorter if if your leg was way. shorter you would i would probably have to. do the open hand thing. yeah but you would begrudgingly. do it no no cuz no you said i would have to. made me think i would have i would be like okay. i understand that this is the the thing. here i got to. do it you know wouldn't make him feel bad. because already he's going through some [ __ ] okay but just like the lazy eye. he's probably not thinking about his [ __ ] leg. you but i i will also uh if they had like something. like really [ __ ] up with their maybe mouth here's the thing about people with [ __ ] like i know you're [ __ ] i mean maybe you're being serious. but like lazy eye. leg shorter than the other joking. they don't give a [ __ ] anymore. that they have it the only times they the only people that give a [ __ ] are you right. so do everybody a favor. and stop ing cuz that's going. to make everybody feel better i had a i had a friend. who had uh one of those like hands. that was like smaller and like you know. and um he was at this. party and i went with my old roommate. i mean this was a long. time ago to. the party and i said hey what's up. bro said hi to. him i slapped his his hand mh his little hand and my roommate goes hey man how's it going so we we have the party whatever we leave we're in the car. and he's like hey man. you don't give me like. a heads up that the guy. had like a small hand and i was like oh yeah. you know what i i definitely should have. oh really well here's why i should have. because i don't want the guy with the hand. to feel any weird. thing like with what if the guy. went whoa you know what i'm saying. yeah so i should have been like yo. by the way you can shake. some guy's hand he's going. to have a small hand let me. ask you though the guy with the hands. uhhuh was it his party. or something no but did you know. you were going to. see him there how could you give give him. a heads up if you didn't know. he was going to. be there well i saw him. you see him hey buddy just so you know. this guy's got the hands. thing hey man got a small hand he you do it it's just like it says like what. does your other friend. expect don't jump don't jump. don't know what i mean. when i say yeah how it going. how conscientious does. he want you to. be that's ridiculous oh [ __ ] dude he man keep it together. you know what i mean. when you say how you doing good. to see you adam. all right adam you know. um yeah i don't remember if i knew too much. for him to expect if you're going. to the gu party and like your friend. that you're going that you're bringing has never met. him you' be like hey just so you know this is going. on with this guy's hands but like if you just see him. run into it you don't have time. to be like guys what's up. hey how's it going oh. uh give us one. second yeah yeah it doesn't work. hi how's it going. yeah it doesn't work. doesn't work in real. time you're right all right. next what's up matt what's up. chris big dog here big. dog i forgot to. mention completely in the first submission. that i've talked to my girlfriend multiple times about. her brother and as much as it. pisses me off more importantly it. makes her so uncomfortable oh and whenever she goes into. a situation where she's going. to be in one of these interactions um she just has ter. so this was last episode. oh yeah okay we got so. so this guy big dog. this is a huge revelation. it could have been two episodes. ago but he said that. he has a problem with how much affection. his fiance or girlfriend or wife's uh uh brother. how much affection his brother. shows her right how much affection. her own brother shows her shows her and we were. like well is that their thing. or whatever or like have you. talked to her about it. so he's clearing this up. for us and saying it makes her uncomfortable. which we did not. know that we were not pry. to that information we didn't know. that it made her uncomfortable. which is something for sure. definitely tell us you should dude. look come on bigg you. look like my friend from high. school matt hannah and you should have you should have told us this. important detail which is that your girlfriend. also [ __ ] hates it look big dog big dog you don't come with us with a little bit of information. you want to. be big dog you want big. dog you come a whole [ __ ] you come with with a [ __ ] dosier a proper big dog would have told us the entire picture. bring the dossier yeah. all right all right so anyway. big dossier for big. dog yeah anxiety and doesn't know what to. do and she was actually the one. seeking the advice and i kind of dropped the ball. with my delivery on the whole thing. making it kind of seem like it. was just my problem um but yeah definitely she's uncomfortable. we're still seeking advice we got a little bit. of a update uh not a full resolution. yet but yesterday she went. and talked to her dad. had the awkward conversation um just kind of seeking. refuge in her dad. uh saying what she feels. how it makes her uncomfortable. the things that she finds weird. the dad completely took the brother's side. and said that she shouldn't be feeling. this way uh she needs to. get more comfortable with it all because he loves her. more than anybody else in the whole entire world. made it a little weirder on. top of that he pointed out. that she is her brother's phone. wallpaper bro what just a picture. of her it gets weirder and weirder as the days. go on regardless we're about 2. days away from thanksgiving and i think i'm going to. have to just sack. up and pull him to. the sideline and give him a stern talking. to because at this point. she's really expressing that it. makes her really uncomfortable and she doesn't want to. be in these situations regardless. i just wanted to. clear that up a little bit. um but love you guys. between the last submission and this. submission i watched this special. 10 out of 10. some of your best work. yet thank you bro. i'll call you next week. with an update and we'll see what's going. on dude we would love ribs. yeah buddy we would love an update. this is really interesting. what if it was like and at the end. the dad wanted to. give her dude i don't it's it's twisted. at this point if the dad. is like you got to. be okay with this little girly like little like little girlly you got to. be okay with the how much the brother. loves you so demented. little girl you got to. be okay with basically what he said. though dude dude no that is not cool. man hold on hold. on let's look at this. from a different lens okay. i agree it's very weird. and it needs to. stop okay but the father could just be what. you know oldtimers and [ __ ] they're like i don't want there to. be a problem look just just it's your brother. relax you know what i'm saying. it's still bad but he needs. to respect how she feels but you know. oldtimers bro oldtimers are like hey it's fine. how's the weather you know it. could be a little of that. okay but if i'm if i'm the dad. mhm and my daughter comes. to me and says your son. my brother is making me. uncomfortable with how touchy feely he is with me and like possessive he is of me me uh when i i see him it makes me uncomfortable the very first thing i do knock knock her out. is oh no oh yeah is roundhouse sweep her. legs so she falls on her. [ __ ] ass and says never talk about family. like that again no i would call him. right and say hey man. what's this i'm hearing. like what what why are you making your sister. uncomfortable what the [ __ ] are you doing yeah or have him talk to. you both yeah be like hey guys gather. around what's going on here. it's like a it's like the thing. about is it's a physical. [ __ ] up physical thing like that is a no no dude. you can't be doing that. [ __ ] and it doesn't even matter if the even if i don't believe this but even if she was being what one might call like over sensitive that doesn't matter either you're making someone uncomfortable you have to. stop doing that right for the dad. to take the brother's side. to me is [ __ ] demen well. here's the deal you're it's this. is going to end. up in a hulu documentary. and you know it. is it's going to. end up in a hulu. hulu docu series hulu you know hulu. docu series then and somebody's going to. die and it sucks and it's going. to be like the family. secrets and all the way. back then it's going to. have old old time pictures of the dad. you know what i mean. and you're [ __ ] so so just make sure you get a good deal. from hulu basically is what i'm saying. yeah and if they make a movie hopefully. the guy from reacher can play. you you know that guy's pretty. cool you know you look. like him a little bit uh but yeah big dogs. got to be big dog. and and step i'm sure. you said something at thanksgiving. so let us know how please let us. know dude also hilarious to. c how big dog and have a [ __ ] framed picture of a lion. yeah we i think we know. a lot about this guy. at this point and that's the and and just by the way. bud that's the worst picture. you can have in your house. so anyway a really really really dumb. buddy thing to. have framed on your wall. in your home andless buddy. it's all good and even if it. may not be framed i don't know. i may i saw it. wrong either way it's wor. possible you so and that's fine. big dog but uh it's all good. just a lion dude. just a lion like in shadows. you know blacked out behind. it just mh you know. big dog hey big dog. here big cat behind. me anyway um he's in a big. [ __ ] animals dude that's it yeah this is a [ __ ] zebra in his kitchen there's a big zebra here it's all smelly and [ __ ] hey how crazy are zebras huh crazy that zebras are just like still doing that [ __ ] with the white and black stripes you know what's really crazy are insane are super pigs yo dude you know about super pigs yes i do why are you acting like i've been bringing this up every day of your life no i it's this is not what i'm that's that's not how i'm reacting and you'll understand once i explain it let the zebra thing breathe you know you talk about zebras for a little bit and you have the the super big thing in the back of your head big animals and you bring it up a little bit later after we talk about the white and black of the zebra dude the white and the black of the zebra is pretty [ __ ] crazy yeah it is crazy right yeah yeah yeah that's all i wanted yeah all right now what's to. talk about super pig super pigs there's nothing in history do people you want. more upsetting than super pig. anthony look up super pig do you want. to talk about what a super pig. is or you came across it. um it's not a superer uncle was talking about it. of course he was yeah. cuz he's obsessed with really v if there's a bigger animal that. should be something is uncle mike. will talk about it if an animal dies. uncle mike will talk about it. if anything about an animal pretty much uncle mike. will talk about it so look. at this canadian super. pigs threaten to invade the us. like like they're a [ __ ] terrorist group. which which they are look. at them dude they're so slow. bears b yeah just call them. a bear at that point. they're [ __ ] look how ugly they are dude. they look like jacked ups steroid. it out regular pigs that already have rolled around. in [ __ ] with the nbc. news logo on it. you know like it's an anchor um coming to. you live from the pen. uh look at these things yeah. they're huge everybody going to. act like they've heard of super pigs before. nobody's heard of super pigs all you people listening right now watching right. now you've never heard of super pig. oh dude when i was in rehab. i was in uh with a super pig. i was no super big was. my doctor and uh no when i was in rehab there. was i was in um they had these these. pigs that were on the actual. place [ __ ] a and you'd see them dude and they would just be like out be walk in your [ __ ] bunk late at night and you you just hear like and you look and be like and dude they were like this they're called havas look up havalina mr havalina mr have havina you know mr duina anyway i digress but um so um that's funky homo sapien but it's all good so the havas and the hav knots pic's dude the havas and the hav google something and then a whole other thing comes up that's pretty crazy huh. that is pretty crazy that's what they had yep. these are scary. too yeah but they're not as big. but they're they're [ __ ] scary. nothing that bulbus should have those short. little of legs oh god. this p you know. i mean it's no wonder. why all the ancient religions. are like don't [ __ ] with pork like they look demonic. dude yeah they do actually you're right. you're right but so um they're [ __ ] filthy animals old timey. movie no pul fiction that's like. literally the dialogue from p. pig is a filthy animal no i know but yeah you're filthy animal. like that's a black and white thing. that's home alone yeah. okay well you know exposing me. but it's a movie clip. it's a fake from old. movie a movie oh it's a fake movie yeah is that. a fake movie it's a fake movie that's a fake. movie in home alone hold. on hold on. one second hold on. second how do you know. this yeah that's crazy. he doesn't know he doesn't even. know that died looked it. up he [ __ ] thought looked up he looked when did you look i believe that he looked it. up i believe that he looked. it up but that's crazy. it's called something uh a a super pig. tim allen hold on it's called. dude what is it called. um angels with even filthier you. just had it up anthony. just had it up and he lo lost. it oh trust me. anthony had the wrong thing up. go ahead that was home. alone too d like oh no. you're right look scroll. down be better at it. be better at it scroll. down right there the story behind home. alone fake gangster movie angels. not angles look at. that no it's angels angels that's. what i said ang filthy souls. yeah that's it yeah nice okay. and they shot stuff. for that movie that is very cool. to know that is cool and you did. look it up and i you know. i apologize thank you okay. i apolog the first time. in history thank you you. were right thank you super. pigs again anyway uh yeah. they have havas and they be there. was one time where i tried. to stare one down you know that was a bad. idea probably and it just goes and i [ __ ] ran into. it didn't do [ __ ] except move a little bit and like but it's like so abrupt you don't stare down. any animal i was you when you're out. there and you're doing it. you're doing all the selfreflective work. you're thinking about the [ __ ] you're like dude. i got i'm one with nature i'm going. to [ __ ] this pig up okay anyway i got scared it me and mike another he was i was with a [ __ ] navy seal in rehab mean both we we ran away a n se ran away from a little havalina yeah and he's killed people wow probably all right well next video hey chris and matt my name is briley and i'm 29 years old i live in a really small town in oklahoma and i am single i want a husband one day i want children one day so i'm asking you guys for advice on how do i find that kind of person um me living in a small town doesn't really offer me many options and the closest big city to me is an hour and a half away so any wisdom or advice would be great i will say i've tried the app thing hasn't really offered me too many options again with my distance from a nearest big city being an issue but any help or advice you guys could give me i would really appreciate it thanks yeah okay could somebody get me water if all you if what you're looking for more than any anything else is a family and like just to settle down if that's at the very top of your list going on apps is not the right way to do it thanks dude unless it's like one of the what what's the one that's been around forever that's like no no no not not the [ __ ] one eharmony like one like that where it's like it's specifically to find partners not [ __ ] buddies right right right on apps in general people are just trying to [ __ ] or lie or some [ __ ] up thing right but eharmony is like an actual place where people meet and marry uh so if that's what you want go to different apps and the ones you're probably on but also criteria you might want to be looking for more than anything else is someone who's already been married and maybe even already has a kid because they're not looking like just [ __ ] around and like hump and run they're like i did i did it and it didn't work out but like i know i learned learn my [ __ ] and i i i i know what's i know what's what i don't want to [ __ ] up again and i'm like i'm serious you know what i'm saying hump and run dude you. don't want to. hump you don't want a guy. who wants to hump. and run no hump and run. from mattel the worst the worst. toy that would be in the 90s. you know what i mean. oh man she humped bo hump. and run hey this one they go. and the dice go wow. what's that but i understand. who your emotion was oh okay. yeah yeah yeah yeah those are cool. hum been ron what. do you think man honestly. dude i i've we i feel. like we've gotten this. question before i dude. you does she have a kid. no she no i mean no. she would have said so just move. you i mean that was the i'll be. honest that was the first thing. i thought it's it's just like and that's drastic. but it is drastic. but damn you're you're you're in the middle. of nowhere in oklahoma you're realizing it. running up against the wall the options. are limited and you if if it's what. you want more than anything d you got to. you got to you got to. get out of there i mean. dude people live like up. in northern alaska and [ __ ] it's like if you can't find somebody you got to. move like that's you. can't live there. if if you want a family. and you're not and and everyone else is either. married or she's already 29 too. in in oklahoma they get married. at like [ __ ] 19. 12 yeah no but for real though. it's it's it's true that like i don't think that. there's option you don't what you don't. want to do is settle for some [ __ ] just cuz he's close that's the worst. possible thing just have a kids. yeah and then you just you're dead. you're basically dead even though. you're still only 29 years old. you know it's drastic but um yeah move. or move to. the next you know move to. i don't know where you are. in oklahoma move move 90. minutes away to. the city there's mid midland. no that's texas there's mid city. that's that's in oklahoma mid city. which is terrible but at least. it's a bigger city. there's kansas all the way. on the east coast. that's too far that's 2,000. miles to the east all. right next one yeah move. you got him you got probably got a yo yo i'm thor. what's up oh it's thor. hey i'm chris hemsworth what's up. hey i definitely surf what's up. what's up se guy. before uh i called in once before i was the guy. i was like al and didn't ask you. guys a question uh cuz i was just being goofy. dumbass um but i have a serious question this time i don't think you guys have covered it uh i live on maui i fly to. a wah all the time. and i fly to. the mainland to. see my son um i'm 40. years old uh i still get scared. every [ __ ] flight um especially on landing uh. maui especially and aahu they're both. very bumpy landings uh it's very windy. here i just can't. get over it i can't. [ __ ] get over it you know unless i'm drunk or something but that's i don't drink anymore. so uh what do i do. slappy cakes it says on his shirt. here's what you do a fake. place in a movie with adam in an adam. sandler movie work at slappy cake. no the a production company adam. s slappy cakes productions uh all. you got to do. is go read this. book called ask the pilot. buy a pilot named patrick. smith and it will make you yeah yeah it's a book. that is specifically about why. you shouldn't be afraid to. fly written by a pilot who's flown. many many many flights yeah you read. it no but i'm not. afraid of flying but i know. people who are who read it. and and aren't anymore. really yeah did you just google. what it was no i it. was recently in text. i wanted to scroll back. and find it yeah wow yeah uh also you can like i mean. if you have that bad. of an anxiety you can take a [ __ ] pill. while traveling i mean it's not yeah. and also you have a good. reason for it so you can have a doctor that will give them. to you and especially if you're flying. that often like that is a valid. reason a doctor would write you a prescription. i guess my question is you if you're doing. it all the time. you don't get used to. it like i used to. be kind of scared. now i don't think about it. cuz i go so much yeah i mean slappy cakes. get scared what are you going. to do i don't think that. we're going to be be able. to save slappy cakes. we need to enter the contest. i mean that that's the movie. you know yeah well look i think that you're a giant. [ __ ] i think that's the solution. no so stop being that i don't know. it's that's tough though. man it's tough it's weird. to be exposed to. something that much and not not have it. quell the fear but sometimes people just so mexican. how said sometimes sometimes. you know you just have to. you know get up on the air. dog dude be careful. anthony's mexican sometimes be careful. dude anthony's mexican so then he gets it. be careful dude i got to. make sure that you're flying. in the ha dog uh hey dog look man. what you got to. what you what you have. to do dog is read. that book hey listen man. you are scared of flying. man i get it get the book. as the pilot man. and you read that book. and man that is a page. and you get in the air. man you be why is your mexican. voice someone under immense physical. strain cuz they're lif. in a a refrigerator or something. oh you know they so you're doing. mexan or movers yeah. hey hey dog you scared. the why man. yeah it's like that well. you get the book called as p so stupid. man that's what you get and it will. kill you of it okay. let's go get the hut. dude that's the kind of voice. that you would do and then not realize it. but by the time you're done. see spots yeah you'd be hurting yourself. yeah one time i was doing adr. m which for people that don't know. it's like the background voices. of movies it actually was for my movie and i was simulating. the sounds of having sex. uhhuh and it was like a 90minute queue. and i was and i was like 90. minute q 90 second the whole. movie the whole movie mov was called. [ __ ] 90c q and by the end. i literally like my knee buckled. i almost fell could you dude. seeing that would be so funny. like yeah yeah dude it it. was that though it was literally that. i'm going under it was that. that yeah and dude. i was even thinking i. can't i can't [ __ ] pass out. here i can't pass. out so you were aware it. was happening no only right at the end of the queue. so quick yeah yeah yeah oh my god. i was to. in character you know. cuz i'm like that as an actor you were just in it. yeah you had a fullfledged boner. yeah i was naked. um sounded engineers were just like cut well. that's funny dude yeah almost passed out. uh yeah and we're done. just like and just like that the show's. over no no i don't think so i didn't i sometimes. i i'm trying to. think of how i almost passed out. once when i got my blood drawn i got up. and walked out of the hospital. and as i was walking out. of the hospital you got be careful. i i had to sit down. and if the chair wasn't there. i would have hit the ground. but i kind of sat and fell in the chair. i only passed out truly passed out. one time and it was when i had a really bad. fever i made the mistake. of thinking running to. the toilet and forcing out. my pee would be better. because i'd be on my feet. for l time wow that is such a dumb. oh i was 12. yeah so i did it. and in the middle of my pee i just completely lost. all consciousness and the only thing that woke me up. was the sound and feeling of my bottom row. of my teeth hitting the rim of the toilet. if this is the rim of the toilet. it was just like and i bounced. you're lucky didn't [ __ ] your oh dude i remember that kind i kind of remember that it woke. me up though if i didn't with one of these as you were running. yeah but i mean this. is the dumbest thing ever. this couldn't have been dumber. sit down i think about that. [ __ ] man when you're like calvin the other day like he was on the what do you call it the um ottoman and he was jumping from the ottoman to. the mattress that we had in the living. room and he was jumping and then he wanted. to try something where you know. it was like this much. distance between the ottoman and the the mattress he wanted to. try where he just kind of like leaned. and like fell off the ottoman like not jumping. and he did it and his face. hit the mattress which wasn't the thing. that hurt but his back. scorpion and like he was like. oh my back and like he just didn't know. that that was going. to happen and that is like so something. that a threeyearold like obviously. we would be like oh you don't. do that cuz you're going. to scorpion you know. but he he i i watched it. happen and i was no. god god you know it's like that. kind of [ __ ] that that [ __ ] i hate as a dad because it's like it's going to. happen but yeah you got to. let him get hurt. it's bet i know don't but it's better. even don't let him get hurt. [ __ ] him up a little bit first so you don't even have to. let him get you don't. have to worry about it. so beat him yeah no just like throw him. down on the ground. i think that's bad but you know. scorpion it on purpose. hey here's a scorpion. kid no i don't think so um i don't think that's right. and that's it well you're the dad. listen look at this. beautiful crew neck you get it. chris dot com grow die. and you can also get it. uh with the special chris. dot com grower die. my new special my fifth. special chris dot com uh but even more importantly well even more importantly i'll be in reading. tonight and even more importantly i'll be. in phoenix and also sacramento. and brea and oxnard and uh a bunch of different. places albuquerque and go to. dot com sacramento. and that's the most important thing. and then something that's even less. important is no is even more important. is the patreon dot com. luxury sign up for that. less important is and evangelize that and spread the word otherwise you're a bad. fan that's true and then of course submit. to my upcoming podcast. the private record go to. the private record dot com follow. us on instagram and tik tok. subscribe on youtube get all the updates. yeah man and leave a submission thanks. very much man bye hello. hello hello hello hello hello hello 