 [music] runk hey guys and welcome. to another episode of [music]. congratulations wow man i thought i mean just what i did. on the computer is just insane. i'm trying to was trying. to pull something up and what i wrote. was just completely wrong. and it's all good uh uh australia's on sale. go to chia dot com. i'm going to be in de mo. uh next or soon. uh green bay like in two days so go. get your tickets and oxnard august. 30th um oxnard california dude. i was just in irvine. and that was so fun. and i i i went i was on i was in a rine. they asked me to. do the date uh recently and i was like i wasn't sure. if it was uh uh going to. sell out because of that i was like somebody canceled. and then he just asked me. and they were like no he just never booked. it and i was like oh wow. so we sold it out. yay dude we did it. quickly yay irvine's awesome. dude i love irvine. part of me wants to. live there but i won't i won't ever. live there you ever think about. how it is like knowing about something. like that like knowing something. in your life that you'll. never do h and that's just. going to be your life. there's not enough time in the world. to live every everywhere. in the world you know. as they say and uh i can't live everywhere. in the world and that's fine. and like for instance singapore am i ever going. to go there i don't know is it. going to exist. the whole time for me. and i never go i don't know. maybe maybe who knows or maybe i'll go. to singapore maybe i'll do a there's a club. out there apparently somebody was that's why it's on my mind. somebody was asking me if that i wanted. to do it and i was like club. in singapore i i didn't know there. was a market out there but there's a market out there um i am 44 i saw a wrinkle on my neck. that looks absolutely like makes me. looks like i'm [music]. 54 dude it's so great so it looks like i have two mouths. so and it's when i sit a certain way. so i don't see myself. sitting a certain way so usually. so that's fine but i was doing. it and i opened up my phone. and i was going to. take a picture of something and it was front face. again i saw two [music]. mouse so there we go. and it's fine but i realiz. and and and actually right after that. i saw a uh guy doing calisthetics. that was 72 and felt super depressed. so calisthetics um yeah he was 72 and doing a bunch. of calisthetics and i'm like man. am i going to. be like that i wanted. to do i want to. do i think calisthetics are so cool. i want to. do them but it's so hard. also i have like a bunch of different. i wanted my my shoulder is. the thing that hurts so bad. i can't even believe right. now my shoulder and it's just because i reached behind the p. passenger seat in my car and uh i needed to. grab something because calvin. was screaming and i was like all. right no not screaming. i shouldn't say that he wasn't. screaming but he was like i want. that i want that dad. can you get that and i went to. go get it boom. shoulder dunzo now going to. live with it for the rest. of my life all good and now it. hurts so bad and and it's fine. when i'm just chilling. but the other day. no last night dude. sometimes i default and i say the other day. and i mean to. say last night or yesterday. or two days ago i guess. two days ago is the other day but this was last night. i was going to. bed we started watching that. show oh i by the way. i found out the key. to going to bed. if you're binge watching something and i knew about this. the whole time i just it. finally took form in my head this week if you're watching a show and it's so dope. and you don't want to. go to bed and then they keep showing. the next one oh no. oh another oh no stop the show. in the middle of an episode. and go to. [music] bed a he's deep in the beans. but it's true though that's all you got to. do and do it in a boring. part yes dude do it in a scene. where two women are talking yes. yes dude um so anyway i went to. go um we were watching that. show eric it's good. and i'm in the middle of it. and it's like a six episode. limited series on netflix and uh we went to. bed it was the fourth episode. and she was like i'm going. to go to bed. next ep i'm going. to go to bed. and i was like oh come on fourth episode. cliffhanger dude she rolled it. into the fifth one did i win. i win so now i'm win. i'm sitting with my bridash in the fifth. one i get tired i'm. like yo it's the middle. of episode let's just stop it. and go to. bed we'll watch it in bed. we go up upstairs to. turn on the show in the middle. of the episode and i [ __ ] slipped. so hard dude i turned it. on and the the volume. was so loud that. i thought we were under attack. and then i i went to. rush to get the remote control. slipped tried to brace myself. shoulder gave out yes dude and let me tell you something right now the way it the way it hurt. i would have rather had somebody you know. what honestly i would have rather. had somebody ram a rod up. my butt the whole like very fast. like just just once that's how much you hurt. couldn't believe it i let out. as and and and i'm not you know. i'm i would say i'm you know. 100% or 99% heterosexual so. like and i know it. would hurt a rod raming. up there but i i mean. dude it i i tried. to brace myself dude. it hurts so bad i let out. the i go like that right. and and and then you know. kristen came over and she's like are you okay. and dude you know we got an argument. once not really an argument but kind of like a tiff. uh where she said once. wait was it her or was it. my brother no it was her uh check let me. check my anger levels. it was her and so um can't really remember what happened. but let me check my anger. levels her so um let me feel how i felt back. then her so um yeah was it my brother. was was it her or was someone. else let see personal rel i. had to do something. else let me my angles. her so anyway um so wow i i i actually don't even know what i was going. to talk about right. now at this point wow. dude because i a stupid dumb. [ __ ] thing with my finger. and now i can't remember what the hell. it was about hold. on i remember i'll remember i'll remember i'll remember i'll remember hold on. one second hold on. hold on hold on. uh we got a tiff. about oh got it. yes got it back. dude um that's that. magic mine working so i i got and he forgets it. again and it escaped them. once again amazing dude. and he got it back. thanks to magic. mind so here we go. um took a magic mind. last night and today got it. back he's going to forget it. again so let's do it. now wait did he forget. it again did he forget. it again did he forget. it again it's going. it's going i got it yes i got it. again all right dude. this is what it is all. right so this is what it. is pain pain. it has to. do with pain it has to. do with getting hurt okay. so uh when somebody bonks their head or something. you know don't come up. to me immediately and ask me. if i'm okay i finally said it. so now i'm not going to. forget it okay so don't come. up to me and ask me. if i'm okay immediately it. makes me angry all right. i i i don't want to. have to answer you. if i'm writhing in pain. chill wait till i make a movement. or two then be like how bad is it. is everything okay do you need anything. perfect dude i implement that. with other people now that's one. of those things there's whole reason. why i don't like the golden rule. because they say doing to. others as you want done. to yourself how do you know what i want. how do you know. how i want to. be respected how do you know you know like i don't care. if someone talks about my my if someone asks me my pronouns maybe you do so if you come up to. me and ask me hey what pronoun. should i use for you. i'm gonna go like this. i'm g i'm honestly. i'm gonna go like this. brother i don't want that dude. don't come up to. me and ask me my pronouns. to me i'm a dude. another day another victory for the og. [music] another among us. don't know how that got on my soundboard. meant to hit brother anyway um so i implement that in my life. because i thought the golden rule. was a thing but whatever it's not. um it shouldn't there's something. called like the platinum ru. will do that one ask people. how they want to. be treated and then treat them. that way i guess but um kristen like fell. or something i don't remember uh and i didn't say. anything but i just sat. there with her and i like gave her space. and i was just chilling. and then she was like later. on she was like why. didn't you even ask. me if i was okay and i was like oh i thought it was just going. to i thought that would been annoying. it would have been annoying. if it happened to. me and she's like no don't you care. and i was like yeah yeah obviously dude. and so that so i slipped. last night and hurt. my shoulder and she kept she asked me. four times if i was okay while i was writhing. in pain and i i let it i i it. was okay because the pain. was so hard that i was like whatever. doesn't matter she doesn't understand. what she's doing at this. point i told her about this. but it's okay because this is very shocking and the noise. that i made is very shocking and i'm not. a [ __ ] but i made that noise. and then it hurts so bad. and then i got in bed. and i was like you know what dude. i'm in the middle of the episode. of eric maybe i actually don't have. to watch it because it's not. a cliffhanger and we did. in the middle of episode. and that's how i freaking learned. that and i'm badass. for that and i and i'm badass. for that dude and if it takes a shoulder. injury to learn. how to not get caught. up with binging tv. that you're going to. forget about by the way. in four in two month. anyway like dude how about these shows that. come out and then you're just like oh yeah. remember remember that was a life. suck for three nights. oh what the where i don't. think about it's a time. waste but whatever anytime that you is. spent enjoying yourself you should not worry. about it it whatever. that john lennon's quar is. um time well spent is not waste time. well you know whatever. it is but anyway um i i um i got a new bit. i'm happy about yes dude oh and i got a lot. of clips i was doing i did. this i got some clips. that i'm going to. post on my instagram hey how about that. dude my uh wait what the freck. podcast my um my i do this. thing with calvin where if he says something. silly or does does something silly. i go like this i go okay. like i look to. the side and i go like this. and i'm sure i look really ugly. when i do i haven't looked at myself. but um he thinks it's so funny. all right he thinks it's so funny. when he does something sometimes. he does something so i'll just go like this. okay whatever it's a dad. thing it's it's it's a stupid thing. i get it sometimes i i'm liberal. with it you know what i mean. i get there and i he's not necessarily doing something. crazy and then i'll just go cuz i want. to see him laugh. and he'll laugh and then he'll start. doing something silly right. so this face that i do. this one is a lot. in my in my life now because of my son. is four four and a few months. and i like making him laugh. so the other day. he's brushing his teeth. and he's doing it like outside. of his teeth not touching. his teeth and i said brush your teeth. and he's then he's brushing his chin. and i'm like buddy and then and then he's doing it. and then i go and i go i do the thing. i go and he laughed so hard. okay he laughed so hard. and i keep doing it. he laughed so hard. and then he stops laughing. a little bit like because like you know. it's over right like you're laughing. and then you're done laughing. and but he's still smiling. hard so it's like he's still in that. laugh mode but not laughing. but could could i if i did it. again he would he would fall. out again right so so he says who that who is that guy and i said who's what guy and he said who is that guy when you make your face who is that guy and i was like like like the guy that i'm doing who's the guy and he said yeah and i said well i don't know it's just a face i make but if you want to. name the guy you can name. the guy who does that. you want it to. be a guy and he said yeah. i said okay you can pick. any name you want what's his name. and he looked at me. and he said frank. jansen dude first and last name just rolled off. the tongue frank jansen and i have written i have i have written how many screenplays have i written with how many characters in it. i don't know you know. i've written a few screenplays a lot. of characters are in them. you know i don't really write. screenplays anymore i don't but you know i sold some nothing. was gotten got i've never thought. of a better name for a character. than frank jansen i don't know how he did it. he killed it and i laughed so hard. when he said frank. janson that he started laughing. so hard cuz i was laughing. hard okay and um and and and i was like frank. janson and he says what and i said that's hilarious. he says why who is that. and i said i don't know. you made him up and we were laughing. so hard it was so great. dude so now my son. comes will you be frank. janson like so insane you know just so dude. kids are hilarious they're so funny. man and they're all like that. they're all crazy and silly um i was watching uh on on the um uh uh the one of the i think it. was netflix like at the tik tock. cult where they just are. dancing and then some guy's like hey i'll be your manager. and then it became like some sort of culty. kind of thing at least that's what they're saying. i don't know but then the people in it. are are right now still they got like millions of followers. and they do those stupid. dances on tik tok and it's like they're just still. in it and they give him. 10% or something and then also it's a religion or he's a pastor or something. so also you you give what is it. tithing is that what they call. it with money for for the religion. and they're like you're you're you you. should give like 30% so these people are taking home like 10% of their profit. which is just stupid moves. businesswise for them and it's like why does everyone want. to label something a cult. now i don't i don't know. what the inner workings of this. thing is and i don't know. what they're doing but the guy. at the um that's the that's the head. of the thing is first of all. when you look at like a cult. leader they're supposed to. be uh charismatic you want. to follow them this. guy looks like a guy that. is like that honestly. works at kinko's still all. right i don't know they're out. of business right but he's still like he just looks like the most regular dude. i think he's maybe asian and white or something. i don't know but he's like hey i'm starting. a management company i'm going. to take 10% do these dance videos. and these are the videos you should do. and they're like okay we'll do it. and then make some money on tik tok. and they get brand deals. and then he makes 10% of it. and then they're like yeah well you know. we don't like his practices and then way. way later on in the episode. they're like oh yeah he also like uh sexually like was weird. with me and then they're like oh really. how and nobody says how and then they're like okay. hey start it with that. though you know say that. from jump don't be like hey yeah he was my manager. this is a cult y yada. and then episode five dropped the whole. oh yeah i think he looked at me. weird thing okay don't do that. all right now i don't know what happened. in that thing at all it. could have been crazy it. could have not been crazy but there's still people. in the cult and dude. it is so crazy. because if it is a cult. the the the people in it. are like oh here's the thing. that's actually [ __ ] up now that now i now i remember this. is the thing that that that. made it a cult. i feel like [music] um they won't they won't one of the hallmarks. of of of a cult is that. they won't let the people in it. talk to the outside world. which is which is crazy. dude it's crazy to. not want somebody to. talk to the outside world. and then it's but then you go like this. but hey person that they're saying. that to talk to. the outside world though say. no open the door walk. out he can right i don't know people act like like yeah it's weird bro. i don't i don't know i i think i sometimes. they do these [ __ ] things and they try to. sensationalize stuff i have no idea but that i mean. i'm watching the thing and i'm like all. right [ __ ] this just like another one cuz they're so successful. those those those those minseries things and it's like all right. how many times are they making it. and then it's like if they're that. successful then they're trying to. make them and then pretty soon. there's going to. be like the cult of crat. and barrel and it's like yeah. okay but what happened. i quit and they yelled at me. all right um but it was so funny. because the video the the show. would be like we you know. we um he wouldn't let us. talk to our family. and if we did we'. he'd yell at us and and it was like this. really somber music and then it would be like and then it would cut to. them doing one of those. jerky tik tock dances. and it' be like because that's all they did. dude i don't the tik tok. dancing is so i mean. it's so stupid like let's just be real. it's so tremendously stupid and it's so. cringy and it now it's just ubiquitous and now it's not even. cringy anymore i find myself sometimes. seeing it and being like oh yeah. this such a cool. song and i'm like oh wait i have to. remember this sucks but who am i to. say i don't know who am i have. [ __ ] say i better ask frank janson i um i was uh driving back from my parents. house with my kids and wife and yeah and i was i was in on the freeway. and i just turned to. the right like i was in the passenger. seat she was driving i ain't. no [ __ ] but that's what was happening. i turn to the right. this a little [ __ ] to. be sitting in the in the passenger. seat huh like no matter what it's a little [ __ ] you can't really some of you are in it right now listening to. this you're [ __ ] right i mean it's fine it. here maybe i believe in the patriarch you know. but i'm like but it's fine. because if a man's. driving and a woman is in the passenger. seat that's fine okay. if uh a a woman is in the passenger. seat and a woman is in the driver's seat. that's fine okay. let's break them down let's break. down the levels the next one. that everyone would say is i don't. know which one's worse. i i i think i know the worst. one okay the next one. that's bad is a woman's. driving and then the man. is in the passenger seat i can see how some people think it's [ __ ] this is the biggest [ __ ] one a man is driving and a man is in the passenger seat dude. there's a pecking order. there and you know if one of the guys. enters the other guy. it's going to. be the guy driving is. going to enter the guy. in the passenger seat so that's all i'm saying. okay and that's fine. but that's how it's looked at and i don't even. know if i'm part of the patriarchy but i'm saying that's how it's looked like so i was in the passenger. seat my wife was driving. the kids were in the back. it's her car you know. even though they're all mine. and i turn to. the right and i am sitting side. sideways sideways all in the days and my back is. to my wife okay and i don't know. why i do this. but i'm doing this and i'm looking out. the window and i say to. my wife yo have you ever. sat like this this is [ __ ] dope you're like looking out. the window and it's whizzing by. you but like it's pretty chill. you can find a good way. to like i was sitting indian. style i was like the only thing. is i i've never sat. like this in my life. and she said really i said yeah. because it's rude. you know because it's real. rude because i'm looking out. the window which is not. the root part the root part. is my back is to. you so it's a real [ __ ] you to. the driver and as i'm doing this. i'm like it's so funny. i say i bet i look funny. as i'm driving and other people pass. and this dude passes. me and he looks over. at me dude and i'm so close. to him you know i mean. i'm like two feet away. from him because we're in the diff just a different. lane and he's driving and he looks like this. and he goes oh my gosh. because i'm facing him straight. up like squared off. to him and he starts. laughing okay and then the wife in the car. because he's no [ __ ] right he's driving and the wife is driving and i'm the [ __ ] because my wife is driving but the wife looks at me. and she's like oh my gosh. and she's pointing and they're laughing. at and and i'm like a [ __ ] man i felt kind of embarrassed. but then i'm like dude. they probably [ __ ] are like hey it's that guy from that thing why is he sitting sideways in an audi rsq8 and his wife is driving. so i'm just like dude. if you're that guy and you're listening [music]. sorry but sit sideways and do that. cuz it's pretty cool it. is nice to. see the the the the the the streets go. by yeah the the the uh trees. and stuff go by. sitting sideways all in the days sitting sideways all in the days sitting sideways all in the days dude so bad and so i mean the songs dope but i do it bad but oh so i watch godzilla or as japanese people would call it in japanese movies that are godzilla godzilla and i watched godzilla minus one yes and i'll tell you what man i've been wanting to. watch that so bad and dude. i've been wanting to. watch it so bad why. because asians make topnotch movies. he said it he said it. asians make topnotch movies the only culture. that gives them a run. for their money making movies. or whatever culture it is that are so white. with blonde hair it could be like you know sweden. or denmark or like germans. you know dude and i don't you know. i watch go godilla minus one. and dude i i'm watching it. i started it and for the first time. ever godzilla is for the first. time godzilla is finally scary. for the first time he walks over. hunched and and all that. and um and it's a hero's. journey this dude this kamakazi pilot. fails didn't do the kamakazi thing. instead landed and they were like what are you. doing he's like yeah my my plane. didn't really work right. and he was like really looks fine. and you realized this guy's a psy. okay and so it's the whole. journey is now he's shamed people. are like that's the guy we lost. the war he's part of. the reason and he's got to. get back up on his feet. and prove he's worth something. oh man and let me tell you when i cried. and let me tell you this. though dude okay i'm watching the movie. and guess what the first scene. happens godilla isn't it it's amazing. and then it gets immediately boring. for about 30 minutes and i get it. they're trying to develop the characters and okay. but i go hm do. i like this movie or is this. going to be one of those. movies that i think i'm pretty pissed. off about how boring it. is now i like boring. movies i love boring. movies boring movies are some of my favorite movies. but not if it's going to. going to be godzilla if it's going. to be godzilla put godzilla in it. all the time okay. so i'm like if you made a boring. movie and it's about godzilla i get pissed. so right now halfway through the movie i'm like is this. called godzilla minus one. because it's minus one. action scene and there should be more okay and i'm and i'm upset. and i go come on dude. then they really ramp it. up and godzilla is in it. so much right and he just keeps on. being in it and it's so good. and it's a hero's journey. and the kamakazi pilot finally. gets the courage to. do what he needs to. do and i go oh my god by the end. of the movie i'm crying. kristen looks over and i'm no. [ __ ] but now that i think about it it. was the same day that she drove. me in the car and dude. she laughed at me. a little bit and i don't care. i own it dude i cried. and it was a good. good movie and i watched it. finally and i paid for it. i paid for it because i was trying. to watch the movie uh and i couldn't and it wasn't i even have this. app called just watch and you go want. it and you could see where you can. watch it it gives you all sort of like you. don't ab don't even know about. like oh they have this. on tinder you can watch the whole. movie and they'll tell you where to. watch it and um and i and i and i looked it. up and it wasn't on anything. so i thought the movie was just going. to be in japanese. theaters and then some american. theaters and that's it. forever and then it came up on the itunes. or whatever they call it. now the movies and apple i bought it $50. i go like this oh they want. me to rent it for $4.99 or buy. it for $50 buy. it for $50 buy. it for $50 and the next. day hey it came out on the netflix. waste of money but i'm fine. with it but it's a hero's. journey but you should watch it. dude it's crazy i love it. i loved it japanese people. really kill it asian people. kill it with the movies. it's crazy how much acting japanese. is acting in japanese is so i mean. dude uh never mind yeah. it's like all right chris you know. they just they always yeah. the words don't match up. with the emotion that they're doing because it was like and it's just like i'll have cake. um alas it is what it. is thinking about that ugly. neck wrinkle i got that's good you know yeah man. uh trump's convicted and guess what d. ma done mad at all. right what's that mean oh i don't know. do your day all good. just do your day. yeah you go go to. what you going do we you going. to go to the mall. tomorrow hey hey he's convicted hey what are you gonna do oh okay yeah yeah yeah go to. the park still all right. hey go to grocery. store you still got to. get turkey okay it's not. going to matter. he's not going to go. to jail and it's i don't you. know i don't know man. it's it's like what what is. he and dude he raised. $53 million in like 48. hours just cz what you know. the second you uh villainize somebody that's when it's just the other side. it just goes nope and they give you to. $53 million crazy everyone's crazy. it's not one side it's everyone everyone's. crazy dude i love the fouchy. trial thing it's so so funny. it's so funny because dude. dr fouchy just seems like some guy. you know he just seems like a guy. right that you'd see at a barnes &. noble right at the starbucks. in barnes & noble you be. like oh yeah i forgot. they have starbucks in barnes. & noble and the old guys in front of me. and he just gets it. and he gets regular coffee. and he's just looking at books. and you see them. a little bit later and you're like oh yeah. guy that's who dr fy looks like. okay and he's just they're like grilling. him they're grilling him. on the stand because they think there's there's an accusation. that he he made $710 million. dude there's an accusation that. he made $710 million from co. from the from the vaccines dude. and he did you know. and look dude i am all. for taking these uh li liberals. taking a stand against these. liberals and just crashing them. into the ground but dude. dr fouchy didn't get $710. million and i my and he's just on on. the stand and he's like i didn't get it. and they're like well where did it. go and he's just like i don't know. where it went if if you know. they're like well should scientists get. kicked back in money like that if you if if uh if if they're part. of the science and helping and seeing. if if the the vaccine works should they get kickbacks. and he's like i'm not part. of i'm not the people who says they should get kickbacks. or not they're like well f. you got a lot of explaining to. do and he's just like i'm just a guy. that would be at the starbucks. and parts of noble. dude it's so funny. cuz he just couldn't seem more. like some guy like look i'm not saying i have no idea. about what's happening in that. world i i don't i i i couldn't know less. so don't come at me. with the oh chris dude. do your research you got to. see i don't know and guess what dude. i don't really care okay. i don't know and if he's got $710 million. do i think it's wrong. guess what i don't know. because if it's not him it's someone else. it it's like corruption is. corruption there's going to. be a certain level of corruption. around the government no matter what dude. no matter what no matter who's in it. it doesn't matter it's going. to be corrupt in some sort of way. biden lied people died. or you know i don't know so it's like so it's like god i could just feel the people just turning off. the po i don't care. dude and we're already limited. here there's no way. we're going to we're going. to have to. sign in to. get in yay we're going to. have [ __ ] another low number but my point is how i imagine someone innocent acts is dude. fouch is doing it to. a te and it's so funny. to me because he's just like i i don't know i can't speak to. that was science involved. was science involved in being i love. this six foot rule. too it's like you got to. be six feet away and and and and he was probably. just like you know the cdc. said it and then he was like you got to. be six feet away for the co. and then he read it. from the cdc and he was like yeah. you got to be 6. feet away i guess that would probably help. because of the virus wouldn't wouldn't get to. you if you're 6 feet. away it's better than 1. feet away and she's like so yeah so cool and then they're like did you say it was 6 feet. away and he was like well yeah that's what the cdc. said and they're like was that based in science. and he's like i mean it's not based in science. to where they were doing clinical. trials on it but 6. feet is 6 feet. dude hey like it's so it's so funny. the way they're doing it. so it's not science if someone's sick. around me go away. is that science and look. i want to. smash these li liberals into. into oblivion but if someone's sick. go away is that science i don't know go. away hey now i want to. smash liberals just like the next. one but what the and i don't mean. all liberals i mean the way. way way way way left yeah. sure but do i want to. smash to you got to. be in the middle all right. if you're not in the middle. you're in you're a lunatic. bro hey okay i'm in the i'm in the illuminati. um [music] bro i do want. to talk about this actually. um the the that silly. thing about the raiders owner. uh when he was like when they were like saying that. he got this 25yearold pregnant. and they're and they're and they're and he didn't you know. the chick's like it's not his and also no he looks like he gets his haircut. put a put a bowl on his [ __ ] head and gets it trimmed dude. um mark davis the raiders let me. tell you something if that dude. what he we like $2. billion if that dude was [music]. smashing that chick like i'm just how do you [music]. you he's 68 okay. the haircut is there's there's people who are unfortunate looking and that's fine. um and then there's people that are they're they're they're not goodlook. or badl looking they're just kind of a person. right and and they don't do themselves. any favors and that's just what he's doing. the haircut is un. [ __ ] believable you got to. google this guy if you don't know who i'm talking about mark davis the owner. of the raiders like i want to. say he's ugly but he's not it. it's really just the hair do yourself. a favor shave it i bet. if he had different hair he'd just be a guy the hair is crazy. dude and so i'm like i see this. that he's like you know. they're trying to they're trying. to say that like he got this. 25yearold woman pregnant here. right here they said rainers over. mark dav's child and it's just not true. but people still said it. would happen and so did newsweek and all this. this so stupid and then everyone believed that. and everyone's like whoa um yeah 26 years. old and uh davis is a 69 okay. she's a cirus dancer wow bro. money is crazy you know. good good good for you. if it's true if it's not who cares. you know but good good good i just like the haircut. is like what you have. no friends or you know. what here's the thing if you have that. haircut i want to. always hear about that. haircut in press conferences i would. is there any any footage. of mark davis talking about his hair. that's crazy it's pretty funny though. maybe he's trolling if he's trolling. it's fine but he's not. trolling you [music] know. i don't know [music] um this. guy this guy come on it's friday. we've made it it's the end. of the week we've grafted out. and of course i'm starting. my friday the right way. in the best cf in east london. dino's cf and look what i've got today i i mean. bro did guy richie shoot. this this is unbelievable this. guy is so british. and look what we've got today and my lovely. wife chenade chenade is. his wife my lovely. wife chenade this for breakfast. and it's my favorite an ear. thing those cat said to. me tom bro how is this. a real way of talking this. is kind of awesome though. i'm going to put it. on the menu you love. it so much i'm going. to make it better. than your wife's and here it. is my first day with the tes. with the too with the eggs. i me so gra you know. me i'll never look. when up for my tobasco. the absolute governor oh not a flx and i'll never look. when i pour a tabasco. sauce on my mail. cuz i'm the absolute governor just has no idea. how the political system. works now guys today is friday. that's hilarious the you know. me i'll never look. up for my tobasco. sals cuz i'm the absolute governor. now glad today is friday. it is the weekend tomorrow. my twins are turning. one tomorrow and it can't believe a year gone. past so far man. eat the eggs dude. talking about his twins. now since look up our bs. park up our bs. look up our bk up our b look. up our wees shut down. our computers and head to. the pub tonight for a cheeky. p happy friday you love. people go and get it. and don't go on until you're dude. didn't even eat it. you know abash at the end a bos. a bos who's the guy. that goes yes is he on. tik tok or is it. instagram that guy who's the chef. and he you got to. have a thing i guess you know so people can like coin the phrases. and [ __ ] but this guy is a chef. and just makes stuff and at the last possible. second of his videos he just goes. yes and then it cuts. so quick and it's like so offputting. you you have it what you're laughing. at the guy oh you're laughing. at some else w okay. the worst producer of all time. hold on are you looking up. he's looking at his computer. laughing at something else try. to find you know trying. to find it got side. railed so hard oh oh [ __ ] this hilarious look at this. horse you know ben jingi you're putting it. on the thing right. now okay i'm ready to. have it here it is ben jingi you. know sounds so japanese but he's not. here we go this guy. bro just anyone should i pick. anyone do they all do it. yeah okay this is thing. be a good test okay. it's a good test just picking one. let's make p paneer with garlic yeast salt. sugar yogurt oil water. let it rise this is crazy. i mean how many cuts. you know 6,000 cuts. in 1 minute biggest block. of pan cut it into. cubes who's that guy the one. with the the guy in it. the kid in it. you like the technique it. takes so long you know. wow dude he did it. with him and i'll tell you too uh uh cooking. i i it it takes too long. dude you know and people do it. like my dad does it. my my my my wife does it. you know i don't know if she loves. it but like she likes i'm. just like dude it just takes too long. man here's another one. this is the one with this. what is this cotton what is this. fudge i can't have this. in it right because of the thing. of course if you don't cook. to this song you ain't. [ __ ] e e brother e. what is this bread. patting it patting the bread. you know cutting all who's that. wow this guy it's so it takes so [music]. long watch the end last split. second don't [music] blink. looks pretty good come yes. i mean just screw did you just say. come come yes it's funny. dude i why are there. fre coach passover chocolate i there's too many. i don't like it when it's more than just him. i like when it's just him. okay that looks so [ __ ] good. but that's just cial all right. i'm done with this guy. he goes yes at the end. and it's [music] funny. come on wants to. know if you'll follow him back. i'll block hey some guy texted you he wants. to know if you'll follow him. back i'll block him if you want you don't need to. block him love i trust. you he's a new guy. at work i know but what i do. need you to know. oh dude this guy watches. the bear so much is that i'm infatuated. i'm obsessed and i'm captivated. by you oh i want every ounce. of your soul to. blend with mine dude i don't even like is reading this book. these books that like the court of what is it you. know these [ __ ] books that all these women are reading now the court of and it's like it's they're not sex books. but like there's one scene in it. where like they they they find their lover. and they're like oh my god and then he ate you know. he was at my entrance. and he ate me and you're just like oh my god what the [ __ ] and and it's like and and and she and i'm like dude. could you imagine if i said that. to you and she was like oh my god it. would be hilarious and i'm like yeah. so you don't like the book. you know and she's like no i love the book. and i you love that. scene she's like yeah i'm like if anyone did that. to you in real life. you you would laugh and she said no it depends on the person's vibe. and what our vibe was. and i go insecure. okay that's weird though that if some guy. said i'll eat your entrance. to you you know that. maybe hey let me play around. with your baboon rudder like in a real like nice. sexual sweet way you know. hello darling let me play around. with your baboom rudder you know. what i mean and you're just that. you'd like it yo okay. all right this is the the kaitlyn. clark thing so i guess this woman. this college girl or i guess this is college. or is this wnba. wnba okay so um angel ree and caitlyn. clark have a thing they've got a saga um and they're they're they're rookies. they're rookies in in wnba. which which doesn't matter at. all you know so but they're rookies. it's their first year and it doesn't matter. just like it won't matter. in their fifth year and that's fine. and it doesn't matter because it's women's. basketball and that's fine. but um you know just i'm just saying as long as there's the nba. wnba doesn't matter and so it's like okay. it's great no it's good. i want there to. be a wnba because then i want the women. to be able to. play basketball because i love equality. but don't televize it. and it's fine but it's just like so. i mean you could televise it. but it's like you know who's going. to watch it it's fine. whatever so that's all good. and so these women hate each other. because all women hate each other. secretly and so you're looking. here uh on the uh yeah nobody wants to. bring anyone down like a nobody wants to. bring a woman down like another. woman so it's fine. and it's here and you got this. here so you got the angel reese and caitlyn clark which they both. you know they both absolutely. hate each other because i cor. they women and so it's fine. it's because they both are b. boon riters and it's all good. but cuz anyone with a hates another person. with a b secretly no matter what or not. even secretly but even if they pretend they go. like this hi and they think [ __ ] and so it's all good but that's how it is and the reason. why the wnba isn't crazy. successful like the nba is a bunch of different reasons but one of them is because women always want d. women so it's fine. on saturday june 1st. the chicago sky indiana. fever pace uh indiana fever. faced off in their first game. of the season uh marking reys. and clark's first match in ree and clark sounds like a candy. bar uh in the wba uh but the tension. was thick they noticed in the third. quarter um here we go this. is what she say play. before bumping in with caitlin it. seemed like she she turned to. you a little bit after the after the f. i no kayin clark cls. did she say anything. to you i don't know what she said. what' you say to. her i didn't say anything. he he uh so there's that and then there's this though. there's this one all started from the national. championship game and i've been dealing with this. for two years now okay. hold on so it. says angel ree says she's been dealing with this. for two years now what is she talking. about dealing with two years. the the the about how caitlyn clark's. good okay well's watch the rest of started. from the national championship game. and i've been dealing with this. for two years now and understanding like yeah. negative things have probably been said about me. but honestly oh oh we can tell where this. is going i' i have not seen. this this is a blind. watch she is loaded. did she just say honestly. what was that i could just tell have probably been said about. me but honestly y y dude. here we go i'll take that. because look where women's basketball. is people are talking about women's. basketball that you never would think would be talking about women's. basketball people are pulling. up to games we got celebrities coming to. games soldout arenas like just because of one single game. and just looking at that. like i'll take that role. i'll take the bad guy. role and i'll continue to. take that on and be that for for my teammates. and if i want to. be that and i know i'll go. down to history i'll look. back in 20 years and be like yeah the reason. why we watching women's basketball. it's not just because of one. person it's because of me too and i want y'all. to realize that dude. love it love it it's because of me. too david brent love. it is this the office. that's awesome dude hell yeah. i believe it and now i'm going. to watch because of her so take that. uh rick owen or whatever kait clark she really. looked she they they did the thing. where he was walking. um in the rick owens. and caitlyn clark where they he. was dressed like the same way. as her and then they did a side. by side and it's crazy. it's funny but whatever that's just the internet. for you there you go. rick owens wait a minute. what the [ __ ] it's weird. that it's weird like once. you realize somebody looks especially opposite. sex once you realize somebody looks like somebody. else opposite sex it crazy. different um oh what are you. kidding me with this. anus [music] stickers oh hell yeah. what a oh i wish i thought. of this what a great. idea whoa you can't. tell if they're men or women. i guess it's women's because they're not hairy. but um whoow dude you can get anus. stickers for sure not an it's not. american oh yeah it's german. okay there we go yep. yep there we go. of course it's german. um whoa ew oh my god some of these anuses. are blown out brother. oh my god dude these are just you know. what i realized i don't know. how my what what mine looks. like cuz it's back there. what the heck what and then there's nipple. an dude this is a company that. sells anus stickers stickers of anuses. stickers of a hole and then it shows. and then you can get a a 250. nipple and anus sticker. best of five pack you know. this is what these guys do with their lives. i hope they make a lot. of money 250 nippl and anus. sticker sunny this is the one. the brown version they have. brown and then they have white. and brown oh my oh my oh my 100. anus sticker very hairy oh my and then and then there's 200 50 you. can get oh my god 100 white. and beauty ah i saying the hair ones. are ugly not true. not true i mean true. but white and beauty so nazish to. say it and oh groovy. and doofy is the one. with like silly holes. ew these are real by the way. we can't show them. obviously but dude these are the ew dude. these are what they're called. wicked and the wicked and hairy. pack brother wicked and hairy. white and black you can. get white and black that's fine. i think that's good because equality. is amazing even especially when it comes. to even when it comes. to anuses wow that's weird. they're not a sponsored of this. show but i'd love it. if they were um wow all right. well there you have it. folks congratulations and i'll be in australia. soon de moine green. bay and oxnard and that's it. for the rest of theep that's it. for this episode on youtube. for the rest of the episode. go to patreon patreon dot com. christalia and you get all. the other patreon episodes. you get the one i did. with brian ken you get the one. i did you get all the other ones. that i did with uh the extra do one. extra a month there's like so many now there's like 50 b go. get it patreon dot com. chrisa thank you [music]. 