 this episode of congratulations. is brought to. you by the cash app everybody switch into. the cash app so let's all get on board it's the number one finance app in the app store and they've introduced the cash card a new black debit card that you can design yourself via the app allowing you to. use the cash that you keep in the app. anywhere you want plus it's the best way. to pay people back. i use it all the time. download the free cash app for ios or android now this episode is also brought to. you by blue apron the leading. meal kit delivery. service in the us and while many people know what we do. many don't know about the types. of meals you eat when you cook. with blue apron you're not just having burgers. for dinner you're making short rib. burgers with a hoppy cheddar. sauce on a pretzel bun i've been eating blue. apron now for a few months. and it's really good and you don't feel bad. afterwards which a lot of the food. in america makes you feel that. way so but this is great. blue apron is treating my listeners. to their first three meals a $30. value with your first order. if you visit blue apron com / congrats so check out. this menu and get your $30. off with free shipping. at blue apron com / congrats. blue apron a better way. to cook [music] [music]. switch it up in there. like merry new year. or like happy christmas. yeah it's 2018. i it's miley i think it's my least. favorite holiday is new year. i don't like it just makes me. anxious man it makes me. anxious because nothing is different. but everyone acts like it's gonna be different. and so it just like makes me. anxious that secretly everything. is gonna be different even. though it's not even though. i know it's not but everyone's gonna be saying it. and making me feel like maybe it. is and then same goes. down new year. same you same old you and the worst part. about it is going. back to the gym. you go to the gym. and for like two weeks. is like everybody is all using everything. and then the lazy fat. pieces of fall by. the wayside and then by february you're good. to go you're good to. go again it's the year. of the dog that jizz. that chinese doesn't matter what's the year. of the dog doesn't matter it's a year. of the dog or it's just another. year yes it's just another year. was i mean what's the what's that. mean if it's the year. of the dog nothing cool. everything's gonna be the same. great a chinese zodiac. dog prediction people born in 1922. 1934 1946 19 doesn't matter. 19 doesn't matter 19. nothin 2,000 it doesn't. matter and 2018 are members of the dog. chinese zodiac sign dogs together could fight for bones. what the does that mean. could you know giving us. the option hey it's nothing dude. how about those chinese. did chinese new year. i was always a different it's always different. and it's like can't but you're like all. of a sudden like people are all. excited but it's august. or something and they're like hey it's the chinese. new year or may or whatever. the it is and then like white people. try to pretend like they give a and then you see. that bigass thing going down. the parade with the big head. and tassels on the body. and you try to. act like it's not the scariest thing a sixyearold could. see hey it's the year. of the dog get the bigass. thing with the mask. on and have 10 chinese. people fit inside it. and walk down the street. hey what are we doing you. know just go to. work february 16th is the chinese. new year i guess and it's the year. of the dog so doesn't mean you know. what the interesting thing about that. is it doesn't mean anything. i want news to. be like so it's a chinese. new year here it's on february whenever and it just turned 2018. in china well it didn't say. year of the dog. and the interesting thing about that. is it doesn't matter back. to you yeah so i went and i did shows. in san diego i'm gonna say something. here i'm gonna say something. here and i want you to. know i mean it and it's gonna turn some people off. and i want you to. know i don't give a because i'm serious. and it's how i feel and since it's how i feel i don't feel bad. about it san diego. sucks period there you go. there you have it there. you have it i've been there. a bunch i tried to. act like it was nice and good and fun. and it blows donkey dicks. it sucks san diego sucks. i went and i did four shows. there at the house of blues. i did shows there last year. at the observatory i've done shows. there all the time. and it is amateur night. every time man every time people hooton holler. and yell out and say. there's a girl that screamed out take your shirt. off i threw her the out. and then there were other girls. that wouldn't stop talking and then dudes on the upper level. that wouldn't stop talking and every time i go. to san diego that's the kind of crowd. i get and it sucks. and it sucks too because there are great. people that live in san diego. dude i met people after the show. and they were like thank you. so much sorry about those. hecklers and that sucks for those. people i was in the gaslamp. district or whatever the go. yourself man everyone's drunk. all over the place i saw people getting. kicked out of diners by. security i saw you know. just i saw a guy get thrown out. he was like i'm not going. anywhere and then the security took. him and pinned him down and there was another guy with a ripped shirt for no reason he just had a ripped shirt in the diner i have it on my instagram and he was just had a ripped shirt for no reason sitting down having brett dinner at like 2:00 a.m. and the other guy got kicked out and they pinned him down in the guy was screaming. now you're breaking my arm. you're breaking my arm and it. was so bloodcurdling and it made me realize one. thing that i could never be in war. i could never be in war. the way this guy was yelling. at three security guards that was pinning. his arm made me think. like you see in war. you see people dying and getting their like head cut off. and screaming i couldn't take this. kid screaming you breaking my. arm it was very unsettling. and his girl was like you're breaking. his arm and she couldn't do. anything about it and then i was like why. did you rough the guy. up nate and then then the and the the manager. was like well we called my server. a so they attacked him like it. was like nothing at it. was like i'm not going anywhere. and then they just grabbed him. and pinned him down and ripped his leg and arm apart. and then was like yeah i was like what happened. oh he called the server. a name like what dude. san diego sucks if i lived there. i would kill myself. how about that it's it's sucks. dude and everyone acts like it's beautiful. and it is the weather's great. but like the look the standing the surrounding areas. of san diego probably they're beautiful. dude they're great and people dude. i've done shows in la jolla everyone talks. about how great la. jolla is dude crowds in la jolla suck. it's amateur night dude. they all come out and they're like they think that oh you're here. to entertain me you're here you're so you know dude audiences that act like you're lucky to. be there i picked it. because of you performers pick there. because you go there. because you can go anywhere. it doesn't matter i'll go. to san diego or i'll go. to denver or it'll go to. jacksonville it doesn't matter oh yeah dude. perform for us no dude. dude i came you bought the ticket. sit down laughing don't laugh. that's it if you scream. take the shirt off i'll throw you out. dude i was like this. girl screamed out she take your shirt. off and i was like i shut the up. dude and she was like what this. and that i was like yo. you gotta go and i threw her. out and and she was like what's got what and then she i barely checked my snapchats like people can send me them. and every now and then i'll check one. or two or sometimes i hit it by mistake. cuz i'm just looking through. it and like this girl snapchat. came up and it was like we just got kicked out of the chris. d'elia show and we're still over here wondering why all we were doing was laughing and anyway you chris d'elia but we still love you were you partying afterwards. that's that right there is san diego. that right there is san diego. this chick screaming out take your shirt. off and i throw her out. and she legitimately doesn't get it. afterwards and then thinks i'm gonna hang out with her what hey you know what hey girl this is earth this is earth i don't know what the you're used to. but if you ruin the show not gonna be round. yeah i i literally threw you out. of the place i'm at why. the do you think i want. to come back to. the place where you are happy. new year dude you know. dude people all oh no. we're so sorry dude. they were ruining my openers. show these are their this chick. and these four dudes ruining their show. out there whoo yeah yeah screaming. and the dudes were talking all loud like privileged. pieces of you know. just with watches on hanging over the balcony. and they were just being so rude. and then i said to. the manager i was like yo you guys got to. watch these guys man cuz like whatever and they were watch it. kept talking my openers. everyone i had three openers. everyone was like yo you guys. gotta be quiet and then i was like man. just go talk to. him before i go. on and let him know that. i'm gonna throw him out. if they keep doing it. dude i give him six warnings and then i went. out and then as i was going. onstage they were being escorted. out already because the bouncers were like all right. you guys are just done i didn't even. like tell him to. throw him out and but it's like you can't act like a person. dude actually the person dude. i can't believe what san diego. was like it was like hell on. earth it's like hell on. earth the paddy wagon pulled. up and there were like so many drunk. people in there just like bashing. it it was like a wildebeest was in there just trying to. it was like somebody was growing. into the hulk it literally. was like boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom and then it. opened up in the cop. the cops pulled over. opened up and this no this. lady i sky here in the paddy wagon i hear. she has lopez she has lopez and the cops. are all right come out. and they unlock the inside. there's an inner inner gate. in the van there's the van. and then in those doors. there's another cage and then you open. up the cage like there's oh like there's like the world. of warcraft beasts in it. with the fangs that go up. over the that by the way. when they have the i don't like how when they make trolls. or beasts in movies. they have their their fangs that. go up over and they talk and they ugh the it's like we get it. dude they're beasts that wouldn't be that. because it would scrape the it. would scrape under their noses. and i don't like that but she chews like she has lupus she has lupus and they're like ok come. out and they bring out the girl who apparently has lupus and straight up she's got no clothes on dude. she just has jeans on. and her titties are out in san diego her. titties are out and she's like this. doing the cover where she's got the hand. over one tit and the almost elbow. over the other tit and she was. like and she comes out. and i swear to. god this is what she's saying. i have white parents. i have white parents. y'all was actually really sad. now that i think about it. man i watched so much. go and look i get it. i don't live in war. time well i mean i guess. we'd all do but i don't live. in like where they're fighting. i know that the world is there's a lot. worse places in the world. and i get my sheltered little piece of brain. saw the san diego thing. and i was like oh my god but i just now. i feel bad now i feel bad. about what i'm saying but hey whatever man. it was just like get me. the out of san diego. and then and then and how about this everyone in san diego. was like hey can have fun. in riverside that place sucks. everyone was like have fun. in riverside that place sucks. dude i went to. riverside and did new year's eve let me tell you something that place was the dude i'll go back there anytime that show at riverside that new year show was the best new year's show i ever had the theater is beautiful the nerve. of people from san diego. saying riverside sucks is what's the word. insurmountable mean whatever dude it means in that. situation their nerves dude in riverside. it that was a great. show man it was an awesome. show and those that crowd was awesome. there was one piece of in the front i told him. be quiet and did he was quiet. i'll go back to. that theater was awesome. the was it called what. is it fox yeah. and they were like they were all like so tell people to. come you know we don't get many. comedians and it was awesome. dude and and wasn't gonna say oh this. i got this is crazy. actually this guy ethan hit me. up or no he didn't. hit me up all of his friends. hit me up saying that one of his that his girlfriend. was one of the people in that got killed in in las vegas. and the shooting and it like it. broke my heart man so i looked. at his instagram and like he had all these like pictures. with her and her name is angela and she she was. killed in the las vegas. thing man and they were like they came to. my shows before and it was just it it. me up because they were like you know i met. them and and i you know i'd meet a lot. of people i don't remem didn't. remember meeting them but i i told ethan. i reached out to. him and i was like hey man. i know you're going through. a rough time i know. you've been to. some of my shows or whatever. and i just want to. let you know some of your friends. reached out and i don't know if this is appropriate. but i wanted to. let you know that like i'll get you tickets. to not only my shows. if you want to. ever come out but like you know. you can also also i i know. a lot of comedians i can. get you tickets really. to any comedians if you feel like you know. matt now may not be the time. to laugh but if if you ever. feel like getting away and whatever. and and and and laughing for an hour. i can make it happen. wherever and and he wrote. back a really sweet thing. like all thanks so much. and you know this was months. ago and las vegas. shooting happen and then and then i and then i and then and then he hit me. up and he was like hey we live in riverside. i'm gonna buy tickets and i was like dude. don't buy tickets i'll bring whoever. you want oh i'll set it. up and i set it. up and he brought the family. he brought it i thought he brought his family. to the show and i was like i want. to meet you guys after and he said this. is i brought her family. and it was just like really wild. to meet them and and it was i mean. it's just such an awful. situation and you don't you know. it was just sweet that. they could they came and you know. i know obviously it was just they've been through. hell and i just like it. was just kind of an honor. to have them there and it it. it i don't know i hope they could at least. forget a little bit about. it for a little bit and just laugh. which they said they laughed. and that made me uh that made me happy. but man it's just uh it's up. i hope that there's not not. more of that kind of i hope. there's way less of that. in 2018 but shout out to. ethan thanks for bringing. the family out i met. her her her dad which she made me laugh. and her an angie's mom. and angie's sister and all that and it was cool. so so rest in peace you know. as they say and yeah i don't mean to. get so serious this is a comedy. podcast but i just that that made me feel so anyway let's lighten. it up i this new year. i don't know if you have a new year's. resolution by the way. like it's like oh i love people who are like oh i'm gonna start. eating well in 2018. on like december 19th and they're like so let's go out. with a bang and they're just like eating. cake and stay and like for like two weeks. and they're just like by the time. new year's comes around they're like alright today's the day. and they're like they eat one. salad and then they're light and then some oatmeal and then they're like oh you and then like a night delete like a sandwich. and they're like i'm doing it. kinda but it just feels. like because they were eating like for the past. holidays that now they're like eating. better but in real i ruin when reality. in in reality they were just eating a little bit. better they're eating better than what they were. in the past three weeks. or like when they're like hey i'm not gonna smoke. anymore and everyone falls back. on their new year's resolution. anyway my new year's resolutions. by the way was to. start and do standup. 11 years ago oh wait tomorrow january 2nd. is my 11 year anniversary. for standup that was the first. time i got on stage. and started going every i was like i was like i'm gonna do standup. i'm gonna do it once. a week that's what my goal. was that was my resolution. and then i went on stage. every second and then i went back. to every third fourth fifth. six seven that i went every day. i think the longest i haven't. done standup in 11. years was like 10 days in a row. i don't think i've gone more than 10. days then doing standup. anyway yeah so if you have a resolution. just that's yeah i mean i don't want to. say it's stupid now cuz now you're did. hear into it but like you're gonna fail. you know just like come on dude. especially if you're a part. of this cult man. if you have a resolution. in you're a part of this. cult first of all alright but second of all. that was the worst weakest first of all. of them ever but like second of all. dude stick to. it cuz you're not coming to. the log cabin if you don't have discipline. i'll tell you that much man. dude this couple came up. to me afterward after my show and riverside. and they were like so i hate this. one that i do meet and greets. and they're like so we're gonna do something kind of silly. and i was like you do whatever. you want i'm taking a picture and smiling. you know they'll do like can you anytime. we're gonna take this picture. you might can you and i go like yo yo yo we're big first of all we're big fans. can you if you're a big. fan you already know the answer. to the question is no. let's take a picture like fullgrown adults. you're a dolt or adult. dude i'm not can you do. the stance you do where you do. know this couple came up to. me and they were like we're gonna do a new year's. eve celebration photo we're just gonna do it. like a kiss in front. of you and you can be in the background. and i was like all right. and they both leaned in. like like bitchass the dude. did it like and they kissed. lips while i was behind them. and i was like smiling. and then they're like thanks. and they're like let's see the photo. and they're like oh that. wasn't good it looks. weird and i said i could have told you that. let's do a regular ones. like you wanna do a regular one. and they just felt weird. and kind of left but like yo just take a picture. man you're gonna be so disappointed. you know oh what was that. dude i just had to. you daily and try and come out of my mouth. madam um now um dude like yeah can we just can we do. you mind if you can you flip. the camera off no cuz then i look. like a douchebag who am i tupac. or avril lavigne if anyone who flipped. flicks off flips up what'd he. say flip or flick whatever. the camera it isn't tupac. is like look you're not hardcore. dude you're not hardcore you're. not you you would like to. think of like someone who's like this. at the camera just like and like they work. at chase is hilarious. you know like go like this. can with this face yeah mmm it i don't give a oh wait. hold on i'm late for work. you give a you know. how you know you give a cuz you got clothes. on if you didn't give a your dick. would be all out walking down. the street just like no you don't. you care you care that's like it's fine. to say i don't give a but some people are like yo. i really don't give a though. i really don't give a oh yeah. your pants are on your pants. are on what's up. with that you give a your pants. are on by the way this is the motto. for 2018 swear to. god i brought this up. a few episodes ago. about when when you're making love and and you leave your mouth. open you don't catch the drool dude. 2008 the year of the dog. drool more that's the motto. 2018 drool more now. i know i said 2008. and that's very stupid but that's because i'm in it. do you understand i'm passionate. and i'm in it. which means i'd drool more dude. when you are catching your spit. and closing your mouth. so the drool won't come. out you're focused on the wrong. man and you're not living to. your passionate potential now i realize when i say that. a lot of dumb are gonna. be like you know what you're right. i'm gonna be a photographer go. buy a camera and then give it up. in a month but dude. drew more drew more drew more. at your job in whatever your job. is if you work at kaiser. permanente drew more do this. that you feel drill more with your family. if you have a picnic and you're with your family. and you're loving it. dude and you're hanging out and your mouths. open and that little spits. collecting and you're about to. and it's about to. drool out of your mouth. but you close your mouth. you're taking yourself out of your family. moment to it let that drool. slide the down your chin. swear to god that's the most. beautiful when i see drooling i know. that they're into it. dude fighters drool cuz that's raw. passion you think they don't drool. on each other when they're in the octagon. i drool on stage. sometimes that comes out i'm talking and i'm wet. in the front row. because this is real life. this is earth be on it. don't catch your own. drool man that's some that's some that's 2018. man drool more i swear. to god uh you know. my goal is to. reach like 50 year olds that true. that are like you know. what he's right and just drool and just i do love. my job and i do catch myself catching my own. drool it now do love. working at applebee's and then just walk up. can i take your order. and just drool comes out. of their mouths what would you. like people who don't miss the people. would be like uh i'm gonna go. to islands instead i don't know. if they have island they don't have islands everywhere. but they have islands of a restaurant. called islands in in like only glendale. areas only glendale southern california and it's so like we get. it do it it's one. of those themed restaurants. works like you're on an island. and you're like we get it. there's so many plastic. birds there and like like spider. plants and ferns and like banana. leaves and we're like can we just eat. you know and they have hawaiian. shirts on like what dude. we would always go in high school. do people like let's go. to islands yeah let's go. to islands and we ladies go. to islands and everyone. will always get the chicken. tacos a honk god dude and then one time. we were making a loud. noise we were talking and joking. around in islands and some guy. was like can we just eat can. we just eat with our. family you guys are loud. and we were like yo this. is islands dude you're a restaurant. islands his gun be loud. you want a nice dinner. with your family have it. at home man he was mad. he was mad and i actually said to. the guy because he was so oh no. i said to. him i was like that's not how you come. at someone first i always had this thing where it's like if you're mad at someone at first. you got to be like hey excuse me can you please. maybe keep it down a little bit cuz then you did. it you're nice if they don't then at least. keep it in mind. then you can be like yo right. but the first thing you said like skeet you guys. you know could you keep it. down and with my family. and i was like that's not how you're supposed. to do it first first you. should have asked nicely and. since you didn't do that. that's a and then he said something. else really like rude. and and i was like if i stand. up this is gonna be funny. that's what i said like what. a punk ass i was you know. alright dude square cash look everybody from my cult is switching. over to the cash up and it's the number one. finance app in the app store. maybe it's because it's the best. way to pay people. back maybe duh friends families coworkers. cudas you can pay them. all back sending and receiving money. is totally free and fast. and most payments can be deposited directly in your bank. accounts in seconds square cash is better. than everyone else all the other apps. and all that it's not a social network. you don't want to. have their payments listed in the feed. i don't and this is the best. for that the new cash card is a black debit card. that you can design yourself. via the app the cash card allows you to. use the cash that you keep in the app. anywhere you want you get notifications. for all payments made to. keep the card made with the card. directly via the cash app laser at your card. yaar tist ik laser at your card draw your face on it and it'll be delivered directly to. you for free draw a nice little inspirational. message if you you're a follower of christ draw. across the cash app team is constantly building. awesome new features so what are you doing. using the other guys get the cash app today download the free cash app for ios or android now blue apron is the number one fresh ingredient and recipe delivery. service in the conch for this next eight. weeks ending on two that's february 26th. blue apron is teaming with whole. 30 to bring you delicious. recipes our menu will a feature a not it's it's italian. outer menu with a feature. to hold 30. approved recipes recipes each week like mexican. spice barramundi with avocado togarashi chicken lettuce. cups and i'll let you know what country. that's from togarashi with avocado and kale and sweet. potato salad kick start a new. year with blue apron and a whole thirty. blue apron offers three plans. the twoperson meal plan the family. meal plan or the wine. plan which is six bottles. of wine from renowned wine makers delivered monthly blue. apron is treating congratulations with krista. leah listeners weird they type that all out. to their first three meals a $30. value with your first order. if you visit blue apron calm slash congrats. so check out this. week's menu and get your $30. off with free shipping. at blue apron dotcom / congrats. blue apron a better way. to cook you know guys i don't get honest. with you on these ads too. much but let's get honest. here you're supposed to. brush your teeth for two. minutes twice away a day but do you whether your answer. is yes or no. or maybe which are all the answers. you need clip the electric toothbrush that looks like it. was designed by apple and cleans like premium. electric brushes but without the high price it's really cool. i bring it on the road. and i put it in my mouth. and it goes you know. and it's getting all the stuff. that the regular toothbrushes don't get clip. is the new electronic toothbrush that. packs just the right amount of vibrations into. an ultra slim design with guiding pulses dude and i love pulses i don't know if you like me bye love pulses and it simplifies better. brushing it's a fraction of the cost. of the bulkier brushes dude. it's real thin it makes you feel you from the future. with a movie where it's like most of the guys. are white in it. but then is like an asian guy. in a black guy and it makes and everyone's dressed the same. in the future and you could brush your teeth. it's like you know and some robot. is talking to you it's awesome. the clip electric toothbrush has been featured in forbes. gq oprah's o list quip is backed by a network. of over 10,000 dental professionals. including desperate dentists hygienists and dental. students coop starts with just $25 and right. now when you get when you go to. get quit com / congrats to. get your first refill refill pack free with a quip electric toothbrush that's your first refill peck free and get quip calm / congrats spell ge tqu ip comm / congrats drool. more 2018 baby it's free. conch you're allowed to. keep your drool in your mouth. but do you really want to. come to the log cabin. leave that mouth open krokodil it. up crocodile it up. beyond the edge of the swamp. baby beyond the edge of the swamp. hmmm am i angry that. this microphone doesn't. stay still and i have to. twist it myself wand. fire yes does it make does. it make me angry. a little bit am i. gonna do anything about it. no one fire yeah my gunfight my gun. fire no one fire yeah. one fire every episode you know why. cuz one firefox op. dude he's human you. know it's just what are we doing. dude what are we doing in 2018. we're gonna make this world a better. place do it i watch this. commercial i was in san diego. or as i like to. call it piece of hill. dude i was in san diego. or as i like to. call it cesspool town std. central probably did if you're in it. san diego and you don't have herpes. you've been there under a year. god man imagine living in san diego dude i love the tweets. i'm gonna get there like it's actually. not that bad if you yell put your whole. mouth on my taint put your whole. mouth on my taint lift. my balls up rest them on your nose and go like this. to my taint my that's it. for you and then be on your merry way. over to the gaslamp. district anytime there's a district in a city. it sucks anyway you know. district dude you got some nerve. to call your area. the district it's a bunch of bars and people get date raped. you know district hey come on why. is there always a gas. lamp district what the is a gas. a gas lamp like this. like would they carry around. what's a gas lamp what. the is a gas then because it's got the pretty post. with the gas lamps on it. that what look one. fire google gas lamp district. the first image that came up. was a police do not cross yellow. tape oh my god here's another one. it said it was at marquee and it said players. welcome i hope that means poker players and not. like right there other right players. welcome our players club that movie. my favorite when it was like la. give me love up in the club. debate give me love up. in the club chicago give me love. up in the club miami. give me love up from. the club and then he just keeps doing a bunch of cities and then he fergan and he's like i don't know what other. cities and then by the end he's like owner. give me up in the club. owner of what of the club. or is that a city. is owner a city. gas lamp district give me giving love. up in the cup don't. date rape there give me love up in the club. people puking living lover we got a lupus up late in the club there's a wildebeest in the paddywhack get wagon up in the club her titties are out give a love up in the club that's illegal give them more love up. in the car the cops. are right there letting it happen. love up in the car. cuz they got bigger problems. give her love up in the club. oh my god dude the bay the bay. dude the yay efore is the dude. the yayyay area dude do you know the song yeah area. bro it's the most [music]. gay area song of all. time it's yeah area. oh i love this song. i love this song do it. by e40 remember this song the diggable planet do diggable planets worst game. ever right here alright oh coming so it's the fourth. win i got my second we appeal. and then i got my second wind short. a second win of all. time then had another second win you came i like how sometimes i like to. imagine i don't know why. cuz to me in my head. efore t seeing us a little bit. like this and when you see us like this. it's a to. me it sounds like arnold. schwarzenegger a little bit like he does. like it means anything like arnold schwarzenegger. is like yeah i could be a rapper. hell and he's just like i got my second. wheel to play off how many times can afford. to go in a song dude. like he i love you. 40 like dude that guy. i love his music. like almost like cana all of his songs. he's one those guys you could put on any song. and it's kind of the but dude. when he goes it's like he really wanna. push this wants to. push that you thing dude. i mean how many times does. he do ooh in that. song right up front oh wait. hold on the verse i forgot. about the versed in the beginning. so many sounds do it. it loses his mind. you want to. see the most losing ass mine. clucking in hiphop this is my favorite chick. imagine he just loses. his mind i'm gonna play a little bit. of the song and then just imagine him. his brain breaking and then it's gone. and he'll never be the same. right here watch i'll show you right. here after after the first verse oh wait. the pattern repeats in. background and the beat comes. in right here lost his. mind lost his mind. dude must is mine put a crib. on hot coals you know. arnold schwarzenegger fill your batch. about the play akin to. the ridin the lay there keep right. no little kind of sounds like you're on. a source dagger to. me i don't know that mean. i think that's just me. look mccormick some season. the bloomer region oh my god. dude imagine efore t and paul simon. hanging out you know paul simon. be like okay okay here's my impression. here's a professional paul simon. listening to e 40s. music okay oh okay so okay so i think i yeah so he just kind of huh. that's paul simon listening to. you 40 like imagine like the guy. whoever saying who did made the sound i was like i don't know what's that son. you know the rhythm we're talking about. right but first of all the worst. song ever all right toasted jam or whatever. the he says as what my baby. feeds me i'm her loving. man literally has a person in an insane. asylum she don't cook mashed. potatoes she don't cook tbone steaks don't feed. me peanut butter she knows. that i can't take don't you. know don't make a song yet. if that's what you have to. write about you know i don't i never liked. songs that they came up. with the rhythm first it's like you have something. to write about first and then sing the song. but if you're like oh that's a funky. rhythm how about we just i like bread. and butter dude are you five imac. oh my god and then in the fifth. verse is no more bread. and butter no more. toast in gym make up your mind. before you make this song say yeah. i like her says genre. pop get in the just talking about bread. and butter whoever wrote that song. is dead now but say yeah. but see yeah but see yeah every time i go but see you my dog. goes like does that little pork head. thing man what sam come here. buddy hi video podcast. can check sam out right now if you're on youtube. although it's not up until a day later usually two people will. hit me up and just be like when you come out. someone hit me up. tomorrow and be like hey when you come into. san diego or what are you. gonna be in riverside. huge fan follow your every move. when are you gonna be in the place. you were yesterday you know. like unreal fan followed. you for literally followed you since glory. days this show that no one watched that you were on followed your every move seen. everything you've ever done. like every instagram picture. when are you going to. be in the place that. you just left you're three exits away. from the place you just let when you're gonna be there. um dude i put up an instagram. video of me saying dude. this is really gonna be my year. how funny is it. to think i couldn't get i was thinking. about dude how funny. is it to. think that someone act like really thinks like dude. like i'm gonna make this is actually. gonna be my year. i can tell like i'm gonna i'm gonna like hunker down. and i'm gonna like get my all organized and every year. and and and and this is gonna be my year. and then he and then ever and then pretty much every day. is the same after january. 1st as it was in december. and that is so funny to. me that attitude of like let's do this. but then like not doing it. but just having that attitude. but then not implementing the things. to make that this happen. is so funny to. me like i used to. i'm a insane person dude. i used to. sit at coffee shops in the atat like you. know in the middle of the day. and like imagine people getting. to coffee shop would they when they would walk in the coffee. shops i would imagine them. waking up in the morning. at like 8:30 and thinking like got up. early feels so good gonna be so productive. and like live today and kill. today and then they just kind of like got made breakfast. for themselves and then like had a business. call ish meeting but that isn't gonna go. anywhere and then was like sat down again. and like did some writing on. a project and then like that's when they were like let me go. get a coffee i needed like. a break and like that's when i caught them. and i would imagine that. for everybody that walked in the coffee. shop and just be happy and just think how funny it was that that was their day and then i would also think sometimes like i like make up stories about people that walk in like one person like one of my favorite was oh this guy gets so mad he blacks out and like and then you like passes. out and falls down a little bit and then wakes up and is like oh what happen. and like he got any and don't worry doesn't remember. the thing that he got so mad. at but his heart. rate is so accelerated and like his shirt. is up a little bit. cuz he slid down the wall [laughter] that is so fun and funny to. me and like and then people say like let's go to. a concert you man. you i just want to. think of this it makes me. laugh dude today's the day. today's the day i get my straight. and you wake up at 8:30 or maybe. nine you know when other people have woken. up at like 7:00 and already. done and you just meet up. with some friends oh i love it. dude i love it i love it. so much man it makes me. laugh dude i love laughing. man better than coming. you ever see pumping iron. with arnold schwarzenegger when he's doing the weightlifting. and he's like it's better. than coming like you know. it's better than coming. the pump it's better than coming. it's better than coming. wow how big was arnold. schwarzenegger how big must his ego. have been when he was the best. at people still say he was the best. physique ever i don't understand. that by the way everyone. they all look the same. to me they literally like some guys. he had their chest is a little bigger their. lats are too big or the they. don't have the christmas. tree back i got whatever but like most guys all look the same it's better. than coming but that they judge and they're like that's the guy. that's the guy that wins. and then the guy in second place. is like another guy that looks the same. and he pah does a pump and he's but it's better. than coming for him to. i don't know man but his his physique. do those poses are hilarious. i think i talked about in my first. special those poses are so funny. some of those most of them. are so you know when they're just like showing the tricep one. the tricep ones my favorite when they just showcase the tricep one. you can see on the video pod. but the oh man. like what's the end goal. you know for that the guy. at the gym found a new workout. that i like to. use to really get that. burn the you look the same. what's it for what's it. for well i like to. have a strong core. you got the core going. already the the point here. i hope that one day. i work out so hard. i become i burn i burn. up and become a phoenix what's the goal. you know the guy who has the orgasms. over and over again with a guy. who like has has that what's that. condition where you keep coming. you don't know what i'm talking. about there was a guy. on the radio talking. about and it became it. was like a little bit viral. magoo my keep orgasming condition one. fire writes in keep orgasming condition. you got it wow. persistent general persistent genital arousal disorder what if it was called keep orgasming condition dude the guy keeps coming and it sucks and he's like i hate having orgasms and they'll just be talking and it'll be like wait didn't we talk about on the text chain yeah we did i thought you were the one that showed us anyway was like and he'll just be talking and oh that's different oh oh this guy who couldn't stop burping ill ill i thought that guy was the guy that couldn't stop coming and we said it sounded like he couldn't stop burping okay okay it was burping and i said it sounded like it was kinda he was coming okay so anyway he keeps coming dude and he was like and it's really terrible sometimes it's embarrassing you know he's like i mean i got to. go to funerals and and like it's sad. and i have to. and i have and sometimes the orgasms. are so intense. that i have to. like kneel down and come at a funeral i mean. how can the best life. ever be also the worst. life ever you know damn. dude i love how it was like signs. and symptoms and then it was like a whole bunch of paragraphs like just say. coming physical arousal caused by. syndrome where this. syndrome can be very intense. and persist for extended periods days. or weeks at a time. i mean the rameen jesus. with the exception of known. triggers is sudden and unpredictable failure. or refusal to. relit relieve the symptoms often results in waves of spontaneous orgasms. in women and ejaculation in men. i mean jesus christ. dude the symptoms can be debilitating. preventing concentration on mundane can you make it a little bigger it. makes it it seems like i can't. read i'm just trying. to mundane i lost my place. one fire mundane tasks some. situations such as riding an automobile or train. vibrations from mobile phones and even going. to the toilet can aggravate the syndrome. unbearably causing the discomfort to. verge on pain oh god. taking the arguably the best thing. in life in life and making it. the worst thing in life. a dutch study has connected. pgad which was is what it. is with restless leg syndrome due. to an obe i have restless. leg syndrome and that. some that i wouldn't believe in until. i got i had i do it. a few years ago. i started getting it maddening it's maddening i can't. you can't sleep it wakes you up. sometimes physic there's like a little electric current under your skin. oh it's the worst dude. it's the worst it's probably not the worst. but it's bad yeah i get that. anyway oh okay so let's look up. these instagrams here we go. let's look up these instagrams. instagram i had one that was all. right that you know. all right here's ready for the most up. instagram post of the week. okay look here's what we're doing. this is the new year's edition. of the most up instagram post. of the week somebody sent. me this i think it's probably a private. account because they they screenshot. at it to. me this is so annoying. dude i know it's just the the what. do you call it the inspirational. that i can't stand you. know promise me how do people write. those little letters on instagram. you know they click copy and paste and they make the little letters and that's i don't its little enough. that's the little letters promise. me isn't it and then the period. is not in little its regular so it's a little too. far away oh and there should also shouldn't be a period. because it's the same. sentence that in 2018. you won't settle not in a career. that you hate not in a town. where you don't feel at home. not with friendships that aren't real and especially can you guess. it guys babies can you guess. it not with the love. promise me that this. will be the year. will you take your life. back from what rock to. you that you will remember who you were. before you let your faults. limit you and begin to. let go of the things. that you held like sand. between your fingertips because you empowered your insecurities. instead of empowering your confidence. promise me that you'll. never run back to what shattered your heart. exhausted your mind and tempered your soul promise. me that you will no longer. give life to experiences. that haunt you like i love. the similes or whatever the metaphors. like ghosts and find what is what it. is that will grow within you like wild. flower and plant only. that in the depths of your scars. oh jesus christ and plant. only that in the depths of your. scars and most of all. in caps promise the me. that when you gush about love. that you always mention yourself. first what cheers to. a new year and a whole world. of possibilities my beautiful angels imagine. her going to jail. the next day after she wrote that. like oh well okay after this. gosh only about yourself first that's the that. is the meme this meme. if i ever heard it you know. what i mean the dude. with the backwards camo hat. on with the red cup just like that's that. meme if i ever heard it. dude was that mean. called warm fire conceited oh he's a rapper that's the conceited meme that's it. that is the conceded meme. if i ever heard um dude. the rapper named conceited you know. but yeah dude like come well come. on dude gush about yourself. first that even mean imagine talking to. a person dude i love my i love first. of all i i want to. talk about my new boyfriend. but i love myself first. i want to. tell you i'm amazed with myself. and i love myself now. about my boyfriend or about my girlfriend. about my chick about my new dude. anyway people got probs people got prized let's go. to twitter huh. i mean this person already asked. me about the new year. new me which is i already. talked about chris d'elia. i saw this from laura brown. out laura lisa marie i saw a guy. once whose truck was so. jacked up he literally needed a step. stool to get in thoughts oh come on dude. i don't believe that ice. come a step stool you know. what i bet yeah that's true. even google image it i'm sure. get a car that you can get in you. get a car that you can get in without using. another apparatus keith. richards at keith's rich for 19. how crazy is it. that toupees are a thing you know. i i'd like to. say yeah that's pretty insane. like if you get hair surgery. that's one thing because at least it's then it look it's like you can't. fall off but toupees are pretty wild. to me to. put a fake piece of hair. on your head now that being said i'm i have. a pretty full head of hair. i mean i guess i have less than i did. ten years ago but i don't know how it's light what it's like to. be to be bald. yet or i don't know if i will. but um yeah it's who knows what. that's like that's the only thing. a guy has to. worry about dude one. of my dog's mouth heads is inside. the other one's mouth why. is he like licking in a mouth. that's what he does all. the time yeah i don't know. what that's like and but having a do pay. seems pretty weird but good the surgery. or wear hats or just be. bald i think but don't use that spray. you know that people do when they're starting. to get the ball like that's paint. hey that's paint you know. it's paint dude and you're painting. your head is wrong with everybody. pretty wild that we paint. our heads it's and it's infomercial guts. got infomercial written all over. if there weren't infomercials that wouldn't exist. look how beautiful it looks when you just apply. you know what i mean. paint you you apply a little bit to. the top of the head. shh oh his head is. painted um anyway alright that's it. i think i think we're done. thanks for listening you. guys it's a new year. so help me out with some more. let's build this cult. mmm cuz i'm not uh i'm not doing this. if it doesn't keep growing. it's like a business businesses. have to grow or they stop and i will. stop mark my words subscribe to. the youtube channel watch it on youtube. download the chris d'elia. app for ios or android got the app here i post. on there different stuff i post. on instagram and all that. it's more dayinthelife daily life. subscribe rate and review the show. tweet me video episodes. come up tuesdays or wednesdays. upcoming shows buy tickets on crystally. accom winnipeg calgary saskatchewan pasadena tampa. florida upcoming shows chris d'elia calm watch my specials watch my specials and oh i'm on a new show. called alone together and i'm on a new. show called alone together. it's on free form and they just released. the pilot i think the just the first episode. on on the on the internet. so you can google that. and i'm not on every episode i play the main guys older brother. so i'm in a few with you. i think two or three. of the episodes in anyway. so thank you for listening. this episode is brought to. you by blue apron check out. this week's menu. and get your $30 off with free shipping. at uefa dot com. / congrats and square cash have you switched have you switched download the free square cash after designer cash card to. get it for ios or android now. thanks my babies 