 [music] runk hey everyone it's episode. 397 of [music] congratulations. um i got all my drinks. got them all my half. a bottle or whatever you're i'm not you're not. even though it's water. i'm not telling you what. it is even though you know what it. is because every time i i leave the thing. on people get mad at it. rhymes with darrow head but i'm drinking. it people say it's terrible. but i don't it's just water. it's not danani or aquafina right. is that what it's called. aquafina i'm not talking about the actress got my magic. mine let's shoot the magic mine. that's good that's good reclaim. your brain right and a pel i'm not um pel i'm not uh french but i like to. say it in french. pel um so i got that. half a bottle of this. half a bottle of that. and pel and uh that's that's what it. is um it is episode. 397 thank god we are finally. getting to 400 never knew we would get. to 400 again thought we would do. four episodes but times 10 i guess that's what we did. i will be in oxnard levity. live august 30th and 31st september. 5th i'll be in mallen texas. bowmont texas peterboro ontario. september 13th london ontario. duth minnesota thunderbay ontario lexington kentucky. and then i got a bunch of different. places in alabama sudbury ontario toronto. ontario just went on sale. bismar north dakota for some reason. h sou falls for some reason. and then i'm closing out. the year with brea the brea. improv california there we go um i was in dallas. and i was in um witchita. and let me just tell you it's the so dallas. is it's august in dallas. all right now too hot. i i don't really get [music]. um it's just i guess it's just getting. hotter and hotter. when can we move. to like what what's called. mars uh what year do you think we'll be on a different. planet like i mean i mean. like at least like a good amount. of us i don't know. man i keep looking at technology. and i get scared and i'm just like like you. know it's good i had kids. then they're going to. have kids and then they're going to. have kids and then they're going to. have kids and then like somebody's [ __ ] eventually right. somebody's going to be doing this. oh no while a huge right. um so i went to. uh we got a lot. of stuff doing it. because we're we're getting this house. ready to sell it. and we are doing we're going we're moving. our we we got our house. closed escrow and then we're moving to. uh down the 101. over there in uh uh west lake. village uh what do you call. it um uh ventura. county no it's not ventura county it's whatever it is ventura i don't know but we're going there and today calvin. had a meetup at a park. with his the kids that are going. to be going to. the school his new school. and i'm just like and and my wife. is like she has to. take care of a lot. of stuff at the house. today and billy's not going to. go so i'm like i'll take calvin to. the park i'll do it. first of all woke up this morning. woke up this morning. and uh w these are my favorite mornings. to wake up wake up. in the morning and calvin is next to. me and my wife is in calvin's. bed because calvin came in in the middle. of the night at some time. kicked and punched and scratched in his sleep. and my wife just goes [ __ ] this and goes and sleeps in the bunk. bed and it's hilarious. i've done it before. too but i wake up. and i say hey calvin uh the first thing. he says is i play. with my orbeez orbeez are these things in this. he's got a squishy uh ball. and they with little balls. in the ball and he squished it. so hard that one day. all of the orbeez which is what. he calls them just absolutely flew out. so he woke up and he said i want. go check on my orbeez. and i said all right. buddy i said today we have to. actually go to the doctor and we got to. get four shots and he says oh okay. i said all right. so let's go to. the doctor we to. the doctor and i'm like why is he not. scared you know every kid is scared. of getting shots and we're in the car. and i just remind him. again i'm like i cuz my wife didn't want to. tell him i was like should we tell him. we should tell him like 5. days beforehand so he's ready. cuz like if i'm going to. get shots i want to. know if i'm if i need to. do anything dude if my wife. is like will you take the trash. out i i will literally be like why didn't you confirm. with me on monday. you know i if i'm going. to be having to. do these things i'm going. to need to. know about it way in advance. right i can't just spontaneously make a bed. or something you know. i'm a piece of [ __ ] so it's like i'm like maybe we should tell calvin that he has shots because you saw billy get shots. the last week and they were like well we got to. give calvin shots we forgot so. we're like all right let's get calvin. to do to get to. get him him shots and then and then chrisan was like let's not. tell him till the morning. of and i was like oh man. that kind of feels like betrayal. like we know something. and we're lying in omission right. but i wasn't home for the weekend. so i wasn't really lying. because i wasn't home for the weekend. so i got home sunday and i was like hey tomorrow. we're doing we're going to. he's going to get the shots. i'm going to take him. should we tell him now. and she's like no let's just tell him. when he gets up i think the less he anticipates. it the better so i was like okay. i you know that may. be right that may be the right. move even though it felt like betrayal. uh to my own. blood and so i was like no okay we won't tell him. so i wake up and i tell him i going to. get shot and he was like okay. yeah let's go to. the doctor so and then we we get in the car. and he's saying and i realized he's saying we're going to. billy's doctor and i'm like oh wait. hold on uh we're going to. the doctor it's your doctor too and he says oh okay. and we get in the car. and i'm like why is he so happy. he's not crying i was like you. know you got to. get some shots huh. and he just goes like this. immediately he goes like this. and i say but it's going. to be okay he says i don't want to. get shots and okay remember we were learning. about the body it's going. to be okay um it helps the body. and it's healthy you could and and we'll go. do it we need to. get some shots so we go. and we did it and he was pretty cool. up until they stuck him. the first time and then they had to. stick him three other times. by the fourth time i felt like the worst. dad you know oh far i. i really felt awful. because he's just like it's like okay. one okay two okay why three and then four it's just like at that. point you're just like why is this still happening. and i just i'm like holding him. and in the beginning he was like i thought you said you could hold me. i could be in your arms and i was like yeah. you can give me in my arms. and he doing it and um all day. dude it's like he now he's walking. like he's lieutenant dan. it's so funny dude. he's just like i'll see him. like first of all i'll be like come on c. let's go and he'll be like okay. and he's like like walking like and i'm and but i'll see him. like out of the corner. of my eye fine and then i'll look. over him and i i see him. go like this and i'm like buddy. you're not tricking me you're. okay and he was like it. stings it will he still stings. like let me just take the bandaids off. he's like no no. it still stings so the bandaids are still on. and uh we got him. his shots and it's adorable. um and so i went to. the meetup to. uh to to. go to uh meet the kids. and the parents right. of the of his new school. which he's going to. starting school in a few days so i'm like i get to. this meetup place and we're there at 3 cuz it starts. at 3 and i walk up. there's a few kids and some parents. and by the time i'm like 3 minutes. in there at the place. the place is just flooded with kids and parents so i'm like and i'm like kevin. why don't you go say. hi to people why don't you go. say hi to. some people say hi. go ahead say hi to. that person you know. say hi to. the kids you know. like i want to. make friends and he's just like um i want to. be in the shade and i'm like well. you know i know it's hot. but and i'm like [ __ ] i got to. this is the hardest part. he's running around on the on. the playground and on the jungle. gym and [ __ ] dude and i'm like i didn't even think about this. i got to talk to. these [ __ ] parents like i got to. be like i got to. turn it on i have to. get in [ __ ] mode you know what i'm talking about and just be like hi hi yes yes so the first question they asked me they said so what is what grade is calvin. going into oh dude. i don't know kindergarten she said. kindergarten i said yeah i don't or what is. there is there like a tk or prek. or yeah yeah so my other one. is in tk she's in kindergarten then first grade. i'm like oh yeah he's in one. of those i don't know and so he's in it. and running around he's saying hi. he's making friends and stuff and it's me and 90. moms and some dads. but the dads are with. their wives and i'm the only dad. that's their solo cuz my wife had to. do [ __ ] at home and i'm like oh i'm just it you know what it felt like like some ben affleck. movie where his like wife. died and he's just like yeah. yeah there he is yeah. okay hey you know. and he meets some some like what's her. name at a park and then falls in love and then falls out. of love and then falls in love again. or some jane movie. that came out in 2001. you know and i'm just like oh uh and i'm like i i want. to go but i don't want. calvin to want to. go right it it's like this. it's like a it's like a you know. what's you know what's awesome. you know what's so awesome. being at home right okay. and you know you go out. sometimes and you're having a good. time whatever you could be in vegas. you could be at a movie. you could be at a friend's dinner. whatever it is you're having a blast. until you realize oh [ __ ] it would actually be so dope at home right now you know what i'm talking about like you're sitting there and you're like you could be in vegas it's just like one more time got me feeling so free you're going to. celebrate it celebrate the dance with me. and then you go oh [ __ ] i forgot dude. like i could actually just be at home. watching brit box i could be watching i could be at home. watching britbox watching a movie. on britbox watching a tv. show on britbox that i never knew. existed that i would just get sucked. into dude immediately with doug. ray scott in it. some scottish show that you have. to watch the subtitles and even though. they speak english you can't. understand it like it's japanese. so you turn on the subtitles. you feel like an idiot f's. done so um i'm there. and i'm like i want to. go home but i don't want. calvin want to go. home i want him to. be like i want to. have kids billy and calvin i want. and i think billy's gonna be this. way i'm not sure if calvin is but i want my kids. to be like i don't want to. go home because i you know what i always wanted. to do go home and i still want. to go home i didn't grow. in a it it's not like oh remember when you're a kid. you like going out dude. i was always the kid. that was like why don't you just come. over to my house. and so i'm looking at calvin. and he's like you know doing the ladder. a little bit and then sliding. down the slide and talking to. a guy named you know. a kid named travis or something. and then i just look away. for a second and then i look back. and then calvin is laying down. at the playground and i say calvin. what are you doing and he says i want. to go home so bad and i said uh i looked at my watch. we were there an hour. i said all right. let's go and we went in the car. and left and went home. and then the whole ride. home calvin found out that my car. goes if i say hey mercedes to. my car she says how may i help. you and calvin did that 150. times on the way here he said hey mercedes how may i help. you what's the weow like. in new york and then she would just say it. and he would laugh dude. and that's not funny honestly. but it is funny cuz he thinks it's funny. right um i was in dallas. in witch it was all it was all right. the dallas show was fantastic. the witchar show was fine. i had my buddy raj sharma open up. for me feature for me um and uh it was fun. he's he's he's an indian. comedian he's in uh he's a local. guy in um dallas there. and i was like just ride. with me the whole time. dude if that that lifestyle. the comic lifestyle is just like uh dude. i gotta i got to. [ __ ] actually call raj because here's what this something you ever have something happen that happens and you just don't clear it up and then you never and then you don't know what happened and then you just kind of like forget about it okay here's what i mean like so i'm in in my hotel room it's 7:15 um you know what let me just play the message i think i still have it it's 7:15 yeah here it is um and the show's at 8 all right i get this message at 7:15 from raj good buddy uh and so it's 45 minutes before this show starts this is the message i get uh so i'm trying to. get to the venue. hold on hold on. hold on god damn it. hold on come on yo. uh i'm stuck in traffic uh so i'm trying. to get to the venue. uh dude hit me up. when you get this right. now uh i think i'm like 45. minutes away okay like 4. 5 minutes i think that's the closest. i can get let me know. so i'm like oh all right. well he's going to be there. exactly when the show starts. that's fine if he gets there. at 8 it doesn't matter. he can go on the show. will start five minutes late anyway. it doesn't matter would i have showed up. earlier yeah i would have tried to. but only for my own anxiety. do you know what i'm saying. so i'm like all right. who cares it'll be fine. but something strikes me. about this message he says he's stuck. in traffic and he's obviously not in a car. you know what i'm talking. about it's comp it. sounds like broo i'm stuck in traffic. eching so i'm trying to. get to the venue. um traffic where what traffic. in what you know. is he driving an iron. lung you know what i'm talking. about it's echoing so i'm like all right. well he's got like 45 minutes. to get there he says he going. to take 45 minutes it's he's got to. be there in 45 minutes. how long is it. gonna so i i also i'm like i don't really give a [ __ ] though. it's dallas it's going to. be fine i get there. uh so so i drive over. there i get there in i get to. the venue in 10. minutes so i'm there at 7:25. all right i walk into. the green room and i'm like all right. i say hey to. my tour manager i get you know we get the the food. out there i'm eating it and stuff. i look to my left. and there's raj this is 10. minutes after i he left. so i say and i had seen the guy. in a long time. and it was really nice to. see him you know because i was like so i look at him. and i go oh [ __ ] hey but i'm so confused. right cuz hey dude you're not in a car. you're not 35 minutes away. you're zero minutes away you're where i am don't hey dude don't call me. when you're where i am so so i say. oh hey and i literally don't even. know what to say i say. wait you're you're here and he says yeah and i said oh well you just said you were stuck. in traffic and you were going. to be 45 minutes. and he said oh no. i'm here and i said oh okay. and then other people came in the green. so i didn't get to. ask him about it [music]. so so it's like what happened. dude you know what i'm saying. i want i want i got to. i got to i got to. actually ask him because it i i then when went up. on stage got off stage and he had had a few. drinks and so i'm like i can't. i don't i can't get the truth. out of him now right. if he's little not that. he was like [ __ ] up but um maybe that's just one of life's. big mysteries one time i was uh one time i went to. the bathroom number two and i closed. the lid and then i looked back. at the lid at the lid. after i wiped and everything. i looked back and this. was in 2021 and i remember it. was right after 2000s and i looked back and uh the lid was closed. and i thought oh did i flush or not and then i thought well i'll just flush now because if i did then um i'll it'll go go. and if i didn't it'll go. either way so i went to. flush and i was like oh no now i'll never know if i ever flushed once or twice cu i don't remember the first time or or did i not do it and then i said and then i just stood there and look at it i said if i don't open that lid in the next few seconds i'll never know and i forced my body not to. do it and dude. i waited too long. and then picked up the lid and it looked clean but who knows. and i'll never know and i think about it. all the time i've been truth. i i have intrusive thoughts. i thought i think about it. all all the time dude. that's the kind of stuff i think about all. the time so thank you very. much um and maybe that raj thing is one of those you know [music]. um here uh dreams. 65 what okay hold. on here we go. age should you give up on your dreams. 65 why wait no actually 80. 80 but no actually don't give up. on your dreams at all. oh think about it first dude. oh actually imagine being 80. and being like well i was going. to give up but that kid. in that video on instagram. so what's your final answer. 75 wow that's amazing. did you give up on your dreams. 65 why wait no actually 80. 80 oh no actually don't give up. on your dreams at all. so what's your final answer. 75 it's literally what's wrong. with the internet period. in the in a nutshell. it's like make up your [ __ ] mind and don't say anything make up your mind. and of course of course the caption is the tesla cyber. truck is an all electric battery powered. light duty truck unveiled. by tesla incorporated what's with the [ __ ] car captions. hey yes here's the info. you wanted on this on the cls. mercedes you know what i'm talking. about yeah what is that. it just i know you don't have. instagram so he doesn't know but it'll just say. that'll be the caption what age. should you give up on your dreams. you know what my uh answer. to that is i think 40. i think 40 no matter. what your dreams are just cash in if your dreams. are well career dreams 40. 42 family 50 cuz you don't want to. be as well first of all as a woman. you can't get pregnant. after that but as a man. you don't want to. be decrepit playing catch with an 11year old. you know um what a great. thing uh that's when i think you should give up. on your dreams look. at this trump did this thing. where he was like uh uh uh t donald. trump taylor wants you to. vote for me post fake ai. endorsement that's awesome i i think that more. people should be doing this. fake ai stuff i love ai. dude and people are like so angry. that i did like an ai. first of all i did an ai. art for my tour. my new tour straight out. of the multiverse come see. me at christ dot com. um and people are like dude. you're taking work away from artists. hey hey hey [ __ ] face hey dude hey hey hey i hired an artist. to do it in ai. hey [ __ ] you know ai. isn't just walking around right. now right you right you know you can't just go to. a store and hire an ai. bot to do. something right hey [ __ ] face i had someone do it in ai so be quiet. that's i hate that argument. they like hey dude uh like like ai. music okay fine because you know you need the musicians. you need but already you got synthesizers you. got also you got the i love ai. music dude because no no no not ai. music i love ai art. because the people will just type in like a hot. dog becoming a child becoming an old. man becoming a helicopter and the backdrop. is world war ii and you're just like this. is this is this is it. this is what i wanted. i wanted all this weirdness. i wanted this weirdness. i love ai i follow. all those ai art instagram. things and i want ai art to. succeed and ai art draws on other art so technically it's still art even though it's ai so you know i i'll die. on that hill here. here here it is this. is the ai one that i was talking. about didn't i send you this. oh wow you just put this on there. wow i was looking at this. yesterday dude out of control. out of exactly this is the one i was talking about it's a helicopter dude. this is i hate when people say. nightmare fuel but this is like bro. if i saw this when i was six like i could never let calvin. see this if i saw this when i was six if i saw billy see this. when he was 16. months old different there's only before and after that. moment in her life like there. is no way first of all. it's a baby it looks so real. look at this and then all of a sudden. up up up all of a sudden the guy. behind the baby in the crib. starts floating and turning into. another person and and people are is you know what it. is the clapping like why would there. be a stadium full of people. watching this and you the baby. becomes the guy as well and then he starts. skiing in the back and then turns into. a helicopter okay hey ai you look right. but you're not there yet. i love it i love how they have the music. that like all be in all of hallmark. movies when the guy meets the girl. um inter yeah i'm being interrupted by my. [music] wife is everything [ __ ] [music] up billy had pain all over him all over white paint. all over so did you take a picture. yeah send the picture i'll of course send the picture oh god. billy got into the paint. caned crisis averted kind of yeah. he probably has lead poisoning. now so that's great okay. um he didn't eat it. yeah this is his origin. story he's going to be paint. man like that oh my god god dude. he's like powder now he's screaming. he's screaming this is origin. story he's going to be dr. paint hi billy come here come here hi. what's up did you get in the paint. did you get in the paint. do you have anything to. say you took a bath you took a bath yesterday. and you still had to. take a bath do you have anything. you want to. say i mean possessed. possessed billy did did you get paint. by possessed by paint do. you have anything you want to. say hey billy yeah you shy. yeah yeah okay i got to. go give me a kiss give me a kiss. give me a kiss can you give daddy. good boy kiss good. boy can you give daddy. kiss give me a kiss. okay good boy can you give daddy. a kiss it's okay. just stare blankly there you go. good boy stare blankly good. boy love you good. job really he's too. cute and he spilled my water. spilled the paint and my water. great man baby. smells so good huh. that's crazy when do they stop smelling good. cuz i still feel like smells good um the office. australia's coming out now it's too late. hey do it 20. years ago and the boss. is a woman i mean. see now here's the thing it's really. [ __ ] annoying obviously because they're doing it just because they think it's they should and it's the woman. in it and that's fine. and like but here's the thing. and it is it is annoying. cuz that's why they're doing it. cuz they're trying to. like you know be like look what we do. like suck me off. you know but the the thing. about it that that. is the thing is that it. doesn't matter because it's just about an office. who gives a who gives a [ __ ] right. who ultimately gives a [ __ ] the show's. oh the show's oh the show's. gonna be bad dude. it's gonna be bad either way. right so like who car they i'm surprised. they didn't get honestly. a a black lgbtq little person to. uh do this um and so the office. is officially going down under it's too. late first of all it's too late. uh prime video is going. to do it i will watch this. uh and i'm sure this lady's funny. but it's just like i don't know. actually if you could make the office. what i don't know if you could make the office. it you know what there. you know what i'm realizing. right now it's way. less funny if it's a woman because there's something so funny about a man. in this typical idea of a man's. world that he thinks he's the boss. because he's a man. and he is sexist in the show. that makes it so funny. so how are they going. to do that with the i i guess. you could still could do it. in a way but i don't know. how that's it's actually maybe the worst. casting idea um i don't know maybe maybe it'll still be funny. though it could still be funny. the office doesn't matter it's not. like she's it's not like it's not like you know. batman is being played by a woman and it's still called. batman um what if instead of the office. they called it the orifice. that would then would make sense. oh oh wait a minute. oh wait oh orif oh okay. like that i guess that. makes kind of sense okay. um dude um i just went to. the bathroom and i'm back. um but uh this was awesome. i think i actually think this was awesome. jake paul at the mike. tyson conference hey new york. shut the [ __ ] up new york. jy starts talking dude. this kid he makes me. laugh bro like i a kid. was he 28 but like he's like he's just on on. on it he doesn't stop like dude. he made the w uh cologne and the and the deodorant. and [ __ ] and now he's fighting. mike tyson and he's just like shut the [ __ ] up new york. dude he says it like he's their big. brother boo yourselves boo yourselves. new york look look look and he doesn't he's been like and i like obviously a lot of people love jake paul. he's been quote unquote hate you. know he plays the heel you know. and he's been quote unquote. hated on for so long. that he just doesn't give a [ __ ] it also worked for him. it worked he got hated upwards. you know he did it. like he goes like oh yeah. you you hate me. well keep hating c ching and honestly. it's the new way dude. hey new york new york. new york you're just like mike. tyson you were good 20. years ago bro that's funny. dude dude i don't give a [ __ ] about dude. that's funny did somebody tell him. to say that or is he i don't i i met. him once or twice. like that's funny bro [ __ ] you new york. [ __ ] you dumbass democratic city dude this [ __ ] made me all the way a fan like to. just say [ __ ] you in front of a whole. bunch of crowds like that and then the and then the people that lit. him up afterwards in new york. like don't come to. new york well we know we can't walk down. the street dude shut up you know. you're so whack um it's like and this is the reason. why people are watching the fight. too this guy knows what. he's doing if he's playing you. idiot oh that's so funny. oh you know what people i i don't like people. who have pride in their city. or town or or state it's like all the states. and towns suck you know. you know why cuz they're full. of people and when's the last time. people did something right. people a person can do something. right when's the last time. people did something right. they keep [ __ ] [ __ ] up and guess who's in new york. york whole bunch guess who's in dallas. whole bunch guess who's in portland. whole bunch guess who's in la. whole bunch that's why. every place sucks it's got people in it. if it you know i need a person is dope. people ah ah so it's like yeah. it does suck people. are living on top. of each other and [ __ ] and i love new hey dude my my heart bleeds new york. you know my heart bleeds new. york i bleed new york. i go to new york. i take it in now. does it suck it. full of people yeah so it sucks. sucks donkey bulls right um only because of the people though. uh that made me a jake paul. that i already like the guy. that made me a big. a big fan he can work. a crowd bro that's tough to. do uh this is sexy. red has uh lip gloss and so. that's going to be disgusting. right just because of how does sexy. red ever do anything that's not disgusting. doesn't she have a song called. like oh [ __ ] in your face. whoops i pooped or something. yo on the [ __ ] in parenthesis fart. like it's one of those old r&b. songs you know like it's one. of those now that's what i call. music and it scrolls by and it has the you know the jackson 5. i want you in parenthesis i love. you you know teddy pendergrass i love. you in parenthesis happy birthday. baby sexy red i'm the. [ __ ] in parentheses fart juice and you're just like oh god dude sexy red hey sexy red you're gross. dude you're i'm 44 okay. fine argue with me i'm the old. guy wish i was 28. so i could still say it. you gross dude how come everything. you're doing is gross. man also why do you kind of look. like annie you know. you look like annie she looks like annie. grew up and uh [ __ ] don cheel and then she was born or i couldn't think of the guy's name would have been funnier. the guy in uh another uh lethal weapon danny. glover put it in your mouth. with the pistol put it in your mouth. you remember that part m gi. is like uh i'll do it. no py mouth that's what he said. when he was having sex. with when annie all grew up. danny glover was just put it in your mouth. and then way later sexy red came. out of the mom's [ __ ] um oh it's a oh it's a okay well she's gross. um so it says so sexy. red says put my oh here. we go okay see i didn't know. about this till right. now i got to. be honest so it's put my coochie juice. on your lips when i read. something like this i think about like my dad. he's 76 and what he would like you. have to just remember like every generation. thinks that like right. now i'm the next generation. i'm i'm i'm i'm 44 i'm the generation. that there's generations under me. so i'm going to. be like what the [ __ ] are they doing you know and so that's just that. but uh also imagine in 1997 if somebody said hey dude i have now. lip gloss put my. coochie juice on your lips. like if like you know cindy loer was. just like hey or fr. dresser i got coochie juice. you can put on your lips. um so sexy red is. heating up summer with a new business. venture a line of not safe. for work gp lip glosses seemingly. channeling her pound town. anthem frack guy. i mean so frat. guy pound town dude. oh dude no awesome dude. that's one of her songs. a no awesome and pound town. and let me show you my black light. from from from the hit let me. show you my black light. the singer of pound town and the singer. of nah uhuh that's awesome. and then [ __ ] featuring the guy who takes a [ __ ] in the upper part. of a toilet bowl uh what's it called double decker. the rapper revealed that the sexually charged makeup brand. online monday called sexy. with two god him miss spell it. differently right by posing for a series. of provocative photos including one. where she held the box. of lip glosses on her. behind as she bent. over no really no sexy red. did that come on she she did. has sexy red ever taken. a picture front words. hey y was looking over. your shoulder hey how life all good not comp. i'm not the old guy. complaining like oh you know don't have. an only fans and show your anus. you can do whatever you want. it's your prerogative hey dude. i like how women are like whatever. i'm strong i'm powerful i. can show my body and my chest. and my and my and my and my and my baboon ruers and nobody could tell me. anything and us guys are like sitting sitting back like like no. oh please don't dude. hey sell it king we don't hey gotcha. no don't no no no. don't show me p [music]. no she also gave fans. a closeup of the glosses erotic. names which are here we go. which are let me get them. out here let me let me let me just get them out. here because i got to. do something here um they are coochie. juice oh man it's not working is that amazing. there we go uh they are. uh another one is booty. whole brown ain't that amazing. okay uh and then there's oh god. bleep this out because we'll get demonetized hole pink. a't that amazing okay. then there's gar. what color is garia. dude ain't that amazing. then there's blue balls of course and sex. on the beach which is kind of the most normal. one and then there's nut. isin't that amazing you know. just so not even trying. call on nut. [ __ ] and then the most vile. one and yes more vile. than the pe hole pink. yellow discharge ain that amazing. hey how about just yellow. hey yellow's fine the grossest word is discharge. you know oh yeah baby. oh yeah oh hell yeah. uh oh dude uh oh wait hold. on oh here comes my. discharge imagine if you did that. oh no here comes. my discharge baby so we've got beautiful uh who do we have on. our you're going to. love this now put those ceramic angels away. put those away we're going to. have over here um we have a uh limited uh we have. a limited supply here. because of how just absolutely disgusting. they are sexy red not safe for work. lip gloss right. here it is the sexy line. with a bunch of beautiful. colors uh now let's line them up right. here now these are going away. really fast so we've got a ton. of boxes here and look at this. here there we go. we got a picture of sexy. red up there we putting her up. there where's her uh does she have a front no. all right well just okay well all these pictures. of her of her looking from behind. that's ho [ __ ] so look all right so what we got is sexy red. she's heating up this summer. with this lip gl now. remember it's not safe for work uh the they're so gr. clly named you uh have to. be 45 plus to. use them you cannot be. a lot of things will. be over 18 over 21. you have to. drink over 21 this is so abhorent you have to. be hold on phil. get me the how how old do you have to. be to it says right. here 45 plus you have to. be 45 if you're 40. and you uh go to. write aid or cvs or uh anywhere. to purchase these not safe for work. lip gloss you will. not be able to. take them out of the establishment. you have to. be 45 the rapper has a sexually. charged makeup brand called sexy. that's with now the thing. i like about this is it's all. lot rappers misspell stuff. but you'd think that she would use. two x's she's using to. wise why because she's too wise. no i'm just joking. that's a little joke. do we have a picture of her. front could you find one yet. no okay um so she's turned around. so here we go. we have now you probably would get one. of these from let's say uh rihanna. was going to sell this. okay first of all wouldn't be not safe. for work and it would be one or two. colors and they would not be disgustingly named it would be a color red it would be purple it would be pink right not for the first one i'm looking at right here coochie juice absolutely amazing beautiful coochie juice beautiful look at this and here we have our model come here hello what's your name hi stephanie take this coochie juice put it on your lips that's [ __ ] disgusting. and beautiful now let's get another. model over here who who who's this. this is dar darlene try this. booty hole brown. put it on your [ __ ] mouth there look all over booty hole. brown let's put some some of this. on your face too this. is nut this is the color. nut that's [ __ ] disgusting. can we get another model. here this one's all messed up. she looks like a [ __ ] [ __ ] now okay we've got who's this carly put this yellow discharge. on your [ __ ] face and garia look at that. ain't that beautiful sex on my period. is a color that's going. to be red naturally. dude for a limited time. only if rihanna was going to. sell this it would be upwards of $2,000. for a limited time only limited time. it will be $33.50 that is 25. cents a disgusting color. you know and i'm 44. and i get it and that's fine. but i need to. dip my toe in the beauty business. you know just [ __ ] come out. with uh just lip gloss and just call. them you know what i call. the colors i don't come up. with any names i have lip. gloss and just lipstick and. i have these are the colors i have red. dark red purple blue if you're like a little bit crazy. and you're a raver and pink and that's it. dude and the commercial. is like hey dude. [ __ ] all these beauty prod products check it. out and all the i only film it. once so if i mess up. like that i it stays in and i say you use. dark red dude and now go out here's ping what. you going to rave. here's blue put it on and go. out and listen a [ __ ] brain bug go out remember that song brain bug remember that song do you know it yeah he knows it dude you get the you don't just get you don't just get now a lot of you here we go you get the coochie juice you get the booty hole brown you get the nut you get the hole pink you get the yellow discharge. you get gonorrhea you get blue. balls you get sex on my period. for a limited time ah god and the company's. just like yeah we'll do it. that's it's just wild. how what's it going. to be what's what's it. going to be like in 30. or 40 years when calvin and billy are 40. and i'm dead and i'm 88. you know what i mean. and it's just going to. be like yeah here comes. skyrocketing to number three. on the billboard top 100 uh. danny stabins with the song. stabbing them all and it's just like about as a guy and hey i'm danny. stabing i'm stabbing different races i'm stabbing. different races doesn't even matter who y. are as long as you look. like that i'm gonna stab you and then it's like [ __ ] the music. video is just him literally really killing. people of different races it. just yeah how how what what's too. much when does it get to. the point where we're like oh [ __ ] you know what i would have thought of you know what i would have thought when lip gloss was named. garia i thought that would be the tipping. point snot um so that's what's up. anyway uh yeah i will be in uh texas and toronto. soon oxnard california go to. chris dot com get the tickets. and if you uh that's it for this. episode if you want to. listen to the rest of the episode. go to patreon dot com. christ dot com and that's where we get all of the uncut unedited uh adree. videos um and then you also get the extra. video a month that we do and we've been doing. it now for three or four. years and so you got you can get access to. all of them for just six. bucks if you go right. now to patreon dot com. christalia thanks forat [music]. you [music] 