 so here we go. it is 69 wool and it does. have wool it's all loud 20 six percent hurry [ __ ] hurry dude. drunk [music] dude when you weren't. here for the few times you. weren't here i missed. having all those drinks on the table. yeah what did you do. you cried nope didn't even. think about it oh you just said mist. i know what is you didn't. so you didn't let's talk about what missing. something is or someone. oh oh i don't think we have to. because everybody knows what it is. i know but but what is it. to you is it a feeling. or is it a thought what is it. because i have i've often one feeling it's a feeling. yeah you miss someone you miss other. company so you don't miss like or or i guess. you could say i miss like some restaurant. that shuttered recently like yes. the food so it's a feeling. yeah of nostalgia that you. wish you had that again. uh not necessarily nostalgia. but it could be for sure. it could also just be like you know. forlorn you miss someone you love. it's not just you long. for the past but you want that. person with you now yeah you're right. so you miss sometimes you're you're your loved. ones do you miss friends. do i miss friends no i don't there. you go you're a hard you're a hard dude. i have always had a strange. relationship not to my friends. but to the idea of friends. people seem to rely on friends. more than i do that's true. of you though too. right uh that i don't rely on my friends. yeah well i don't mean like they're unreliable but you don't typically. i don't know actually lean on. your friends do you no. more now yeah most people do it's probably. a healthy thing it is a healthy thing. yeah and i'm unhealthy do you. ever miss me uh yeah i guess. so actually be more convinced. about like i miss my family. sometimes yeah but that might just be nostalgia. i probably don't need you well. we also you do but also we we also see. each other so much yeah. how long would it take for you. to miss me well now. we see each other every single week. basically no matter what and because of this. but how long would it take for you. to miss me five or six. years no like uh five or six weeks. probably really like over. a month would be like damn. i haven't seen you in forever. yeah oh okay do you ever. only ask because you wanted to. feel good when i have friends. that they're like man i missed. you man you believe them. when they say that. to you i believe them. but it always makes me. feel like [ __ ] oh really because you go like i don't really miss you yeah. i mean there's some no there. are some friends that i do miss like friends. that have moved away that i'm like damn. that guy was so fun. to be around her whatever. okay yeah i just like what is it. the feeling sometimes sometimes i feel like a robot. like dave miller yeah like when i saw him. at uh yeah it was nice. it was nice yeah yeah it was nice. sometimes you don't really you realize exactly. you miss someone until they you know. you don't know what you got. till it's gone right. right well no that's not really what i wanted. [music] let's go castrato you. know what a castrato is. yeah the church in my choirs. used to cut careful. not careful i didn't. say anything i cut the nuts. off of the sopranos. to keep them with the high. voice and snip snip so they could still sing. with a high voice oh i got a better. idea get girls yeah i gotta get better. i get i got a better. idea keep getting new ones. keep getting new people yeah. because people you don't even need. to keep they just keep coming. at you they really don't do that. huh yeah man your voice. is so great dude. can i uh snip your walnuts. please yeah but honestly. they don't need to. do that because i'm 43. my walnuts. descended and i can be oh it's so [ __ ] strained no what happened. was i said yeah what what does. it have to. do i just hate what does. it happen but doesn't mean anything. when you eat the mucus gets active. disgusting okay i didn't want you. to say anything about mucus [music]. wow wow that was so bad. did it so quiet because you couldn't do it. any louder because it hurts. that's not true castrato anyways. you said no it's castrati. no it's not that's illuminati. dude sandwiches no castrati. is not something maybe it's maybe it's like several yeah. a bunch of castrato. or cristiano balls orchestratis no. it's not just kids on the buses. because i'm about to. sing for the church right. well in their choir well okay. here we go a castrata isn't. that crazy that it really. was a thing is a type of classical. male singing voice equivalent. to the person of a soprano soprano or contra. the voice is produced. by oh castration of the singer. before great oh great. it also doesn't that doesn't work dude. also the first guy to. try it what if hey what the it. didn't work yeah seriously what. like a barbaric let me. get my balls people were awful. to each other like people like to. say like oh my god things are so bad. now and they are but like think about how what it. was just even just a hundred years. ago forget about this. this is like people were so terrible. to each other just priests. being like let me cut off. your balls just oh you're good. let me cut off your boss. people are always bad you know. yeah it's all relative for sure. i'm just saying it's never gonna get better. yeah of course not people love. conflict and they love to. make other people feel dominated. by them it's a deeper. no i'm saying that's why things will. never really actually change oh. it's deeper no look. deep in my eyes when you said it. you know what i'm pissed. about what 7eleven doesn't. offer normal cocacola anymore. it only offers these big giant teeth. rotting cocacolas well and stomach stomach lining rotting. as well dude that's disgusting. man but you how often do you drink. cokes i honestly only like to. drink them while i'm eating i opened this while we were eating. discarding the question now it's gonna be like well no it's part. of my answer i drink like half. or less of a coke. ever almost every time i eat in the day. during the day so like when i have cokes a day. no like no during the day. then lunch uh it's like a coke. so like a half a coke. yeah well you have dinner. and also lunch so but i don't usually drink. coke at dinner not always then so not always then when you eat like you just said. right only when i eat we are and you eat lunch. and dinner but you don't do it. at dinner you said you do. it at lunch so we're getting the nittygritty. of it yeah i guess. if there's something about this that. is the nittygritty you could say this. is it so what i'm saying. is i am good at getting. the nitty grittiest stuff [applause] dude. if i'm gonna go highlight that you don't. i know you were gonna go. out like that well i did it. first okay go i was will be at wow. philadelphia pennsylvania uh places in pennsylvania. i will be in uh ohio. i will be oh wait. no ohio was uh so i will be in boise. uh salt lake city. give them scrolling keep him. scrolling tucson arizona pueblo colorado. colorado springs charlotte north carolina knoxville little rock. memphis for some reason uh nashville calgary edmonton ottawa. montreal hamilton pittsburgh cleveland detroit. yeah all the different ones. yay chrisley dot com go. get it dude chrisley dot com. if you want oneonone advice sessions. with matt go to. uh uh mattelier dot com. yes obviously and then you get the new merch. you get that purple. people with the hoodie or the lifeline. actually the merch of the lifeline. is very very cool. uh watch lifeflight dot com. leave us a message the hotline. two one three nine uh738095 and that's what's up. whenever you say leave us do you think beave us. and then think about beavers and butthead of course not of course. not that's something that i would never think. of i do dude. beavis and butthead is the funniest i think it's the funniest. show of all time. i think beavis has a funny. show of all time. it's definitely up there for sure. it's just too simple and silly. for me to just look past. it yeah yeah funniest full stop just show. whatever yeah i think so damn. i mean i have to. think about well i think so ricky gera's. office maybe more but but that's also good. though it's not just funny. it's so funny but beavis. and butthead is every single moment. is funny yeah even them. walking yeah you know yeah. anyway okay well hopefully mike judge is listening. to this uh you know what and he'll. feel very flattered hopefully. abuse or butthead is listening. to this but i will say this. i will say this um last episode. of uh lifeline i think the reunion was the best. episode of lifeline um high bar. for this episode much okay uh high bar. for this episode much that's the most insecure. thing you can possibly. do okay well we'll see who's secure. by the end of this episode. uh yeah i guess so uh uh sibling rivalry. much no that makes me cringe. even though you're not why do you get even when somebody you know when people do cringe stuff. yeah like i was watching this. show um shoot i don't know what it. is so taxing and so clean okay. yeah because we're still early. on wow made up a reason. for it after the fact. that's not true stop doing the thing. that you're doing in your mouth. i have a hangnail. that's why okay i can't. leave it i i can't put your fingers in your mouth. and [laughter] um leave us dude. it's the best podcast of all. time right just look how great. it is we connected it. this is but we connected bane of my existence. are your feelings about your own. tattoos okay but we connected it. though and that and that deserves a round. of applause oh wait. dude you mean like every tattoo ever that's not. true they're completed the tattoo that's not. true there's piecemeal tattoos there's piecemeal tattoos that end. up getting finished no not always dude. sometimes people just do patchwork. you're saying that there are people. who like that said in three. appointments for their tattoo they only get. two and then like they forget. and never get it. again i'm saying i get this. one this one this one this one i didn't necessarily mean. want to connect it. maybe i will maybe i won't oh which ones. did you connect this. one and that one why because i wanted to. connect it and guess what's connecting. next time there's nothing there though. but there's gonna be one okay well what's it gonna. be i don't know maybe a picture of you. oh my god dude well that would be gamerville dude. i don't ever want to. do a portrait i don't. like portrait no [ __ ] really. you know why because photorealistic anything sucks. no yeah dude you don't want. like an actual depiction of a. person on your body why. because you're already a whole. person because you are a person you don't need another additional. person on you think about what i always think. about with this stuff is like think about a person. with that having sex yeah. i know like if you don't want to. look at steve jobs while you're having sex. with the guy you're having sex. with me hey you're gay. um i had i had sex with a woman. once and she had her uh grandfather. tattooed on her no on her. eye on her hip and it was megan it was naked. i had to look at her. grandfather in the eye too he was looking. at me also dude. that steve jobs iconic thing. where he's like this do you know. the secret that's not his hand. that's also the most gamer dude. he he appropriated the gamerville thing i think from the different. culture all right well i have a biggest hangout of all time okay well shut up about it i have a conspiracy. theory why is bill. uh bill steve jobs. always touching his face all right. so um all right so wow so let's get into. it you know it's lifeline. and let's get into. some videos i have a hangnail. and it's fine i'm. gonna be in nashville. coming up here so chrisley dot com. so here we go. absolutely no through line hey. matt hey chris so i thought i would just give you a little update um i actually took the advice. that you gave to. a guy that came on. the pod a while ago. his name was river. and you told him. that when somebody gets your name wrong. on purpose write all of them. down on a note card. and then give it to. them when they say it. so they're immediately called out. yep i have the same. problem my name is daley. and people call me. monthly yearly whole thing so. a guy did it. i he called me like yearly. i think and i shuffled through. my wallet and i found the note. card that said yearly and gave it. to him and he got so upset. he ripped up the note. card tossed it at me and he sat. there and cussed me. out for like a minute. and he was like do you have anything to. say i was like i win. you lose and it's your fault. you lost here literally ever. dude say say hey yearly. because this is what happened. say hey hey early hey yearly laughs yeah that's exactly. what happened and then i took it and cried. for a minute and then ripped. it up and threw it back. in your face did you have anything. to say do you have anything. to say i went the weirdest interaction. of all time i mean you lose. no first first of all let's get this. out of the way that was great i'm so glad she took our devices do too but but here's just real. quick before we get into. anything else about it okay. her name is daily. obviously the best thing to. call her is tim daly after the great. actor tim daly i don't know if that's the best. that's obviously the number one. best thing to. do because tim daly is a great. actor i know if there's a number one. best thing to. do and that's and then it wouldn't offend. her either though because she'd be like oh everybody. likes tim daly no she might not. even know i get i guarantee she doesn't know who tim. daly is tim daly this is a little known. secret he's the best actor of all. time well that's a very little known. secret watch watch watch wings yeah dude. or or the sopranos. he's amazing in the sopranos. is he i didn't even. know he was in it. dude wait have you seen. this around is he play. the main guy no yeah. he's tony soprano no dude. he's the guy who's in chris's aaa group that. ends up being his sponsor. okay it's so good maybe i didn't get that. okay well you're an idiot then. he's the best okay. let's give it up for tim. daly that's awesome she took our advices. for another guy see that's for real. yeah the thing about this. podcast is our advices work for different. people that's why this podcast. is so good that's why. it's so wide reaching oh oh wait. dude you're saying the most obvious. thing in the world oh dude. okay we did it we found the single most obvious. thing in the world to. say throughout the show that's what the show. is literally people watch it. and hear advice for one. person and think oh that could work for me. yeah dude but that's why. it's good i didn't know that. well then you're dumb we've been doing. this over a year and that's what the show. is we're starting a patreon soon. we gotta figure out what the patreon. is well now that you know. what the show is maybe we can figure that. out yeah see that was the problem. all right look at that. nice purple okay selling it. qvc look look at this. we got one left. we have a beautiful purple. look at that look at it. look at it too look. at it it actually is really great. look at it not it's and it's made out. of nice material too. it's gonna keep you warm. it's got uh it's made in tunisia. look at that how many dewey it's french. how many do we have left. do we have just because i wear this. one all the time dry clean. only i you know you can get away. with not doing it um it. is so here we go. it is 69 wool and it does. have wool so loud but um it doesn't itch you like usual wool. 20. six percent polyamide now that's what i like this. they really tell you the exact. amount five percent ultras fibers. hurry [ __ ] hurry dude drag queen only you can get away with not yeah i've worn this six times already you don't even have drop on it and i spill getting lost in it you know just did it did it did a whole. acting performance you get this. absolute beauty it's purple. it's violet it's you know. it's in the it's in that family. of color right now seven. payments six dollars so that's you do that's 30. some yeah and you know. most people will spend that on. on a sandwich or two depending on where you live. right oh wow relating to. us yeah see that's i would be really good. at qvc dude if i was listening. to this podcast and that happened. i would be so mad why. that it took a detour just basically just sounded like an actual qvc like imagine somebody listed that. in the car yeah it. just like sounded like a qvc show yeah. yeah so not good though. so that's bad and people are no it's not good. dude we've got oh no. you can do it with anything. there are two okay so look all right. here's what we're gonna do so we have a period. we'll mix them up which ones. which did the switcheroo on you that's mine. that's yours so i have the you gave me. the and this is just this. is this is periodas. finest now it's got the yellow. label one right here it's carbonated mineral water. that uh you know. this is captured the source. in france so you know. france when they come to. water especially if you've got bubbles in it. right one of the one. of these would sell at your average what. would it sell for what three dollars. we are going to. have two right now 1.50 so that you are getting. stop you know what i mean. how many times for the price. of it not one. less than one and you know what we're gonna do we're gonna throw always throwing in a nearby. thing you know you know. what we're gonna throw in um we have napkins. [ __ ] now i forgot which one's mine you [ __ ] you you said the yellow one was mine right okay yeah there we go taste that don't it taste beautiful all right um so anyway next one i guess how many times you've done that alone you know oh so many times yeah it's upsetting hey chris matt uh you guys rock i want to. show you guys hilarious. um so i work at a dealership and uh the other day. i was putting an inquiry. on k blue book for one. of my customers to get a value. on their vehicle and you have to. put your information in i didn't want. people contacting me so. i input a fake name um mike. hunt if you say it. a certain way let me know. what that sounds like but i put in my work email. on my phone number basically and it went. out to a bunch of i didn't know at the time. but when you put that information it. goes out to a bunch of dealerships and this one guy at another. dealership he calls me. uh at 7 pm on. a sunday all dealership close. on sunday so this. guy literally has no life um and he's i'm having dinner with my wife. and he's like yelling at me. cussing me i think that's funny. you think that's really funny. and like cursing me out but um whatever i just kind of blew. him off because like this. guy's crazy yes and but apparently he knows the owner. of my dealership uh so my boss. and the next day my boss. has a talk with me and kind of chews me. out a little bit but i didn't really apologize i didn't think i was in the wrong. because this guy's just psychopath. obviously but i don't know. um she said it was really. unprofessional i don't know i i felt kind of bad. but i don't know do you think i've been wrong. here or is this guy. just crazy like i think he is i don't know. let me know what you think. i appreciate the help uh you guys. are hilarious keep doing. what you're doing awesome. thank you bro who [ __ ] care toyota. i mean i get that why though. they don't want [ __ ] it's mike. hunt he wrote mike. hunt there's no bad words. on it it's only for internal. people's eyes like who cares. okay so it didn't say. cunt okay yeah no it's mike. hunt that's the joke. it's like see more butts. it's just more it's a more heavily evolved bleep. it jesus christ it's more. adult version of seymour butts. bro do you believe that. one too uh uh i mean. look obviously if someone catches. it they're gonna be like dude. don't do that yeah but like for the guided. it's not funny enough. outraged it's just not funny. enough to do i agree. with that but but but that's not what he asked. at all so it's it's was he out. of line didn't want to. use his name right. he says no he's not out. of line yeah i guess. it's like when i gotta fly. off the handle and then get him. in trouble with his boss. dude that's out no. tattletail [ __ ] you know. what that is that is nutrageous. narc he's a narc this. is not right it is. a nutrageous it is a nut. rage okay okay he's a narc dude. that's [ __ ] yeah i don't like narcs man. i don't like narcs and this is a nut. rage [laughter] yeah yeah i mean dude you so here's the answer. obviously it was stupid. to do that yeah because you should have known. like maybe somebody would be like man. don't do that yeah but the fact. that they did that yeah is extreme. and idiotic and it puts. any of the amount that you were in the wrong. like they just basically put you in the right. by being even worse. than you yeah okay that's true. dude yeah but every action has a reaction and i live by. that oops the most empty. uh things you know. that you say i just think that life. is a highway we've got smiley. face doilies wow go to. the next one before he gets into. it we are selling a. neon yellow smiley face. doily the craft work that goes. into this is absolutely top. tier craft work you have a this. is and i would say four. inches across and both every way. because it's a circle so the diameter. is four inches the uh what do. you call it what's the what's the other one. circumference is i would say 12. inches you get this right. here twelve dollars uh we will. be throwing in orange we will. be throwing in turquoise we will be throwing in some raybans all. right next well i got lost. hey what's up man. chris it's your boy andrew. from portland oregon oh dude. you started over at a mini stroke. hey what's up man. chris it's your boy amber. from portland oregon and uh just want. to congratulate y'all for doing. such an amazing job with lifeline. blue point crushing it um schnitzel hall. boy that was amazing. thank you uh matt i'm still sexy. my question today is we just got back. from a wedding shower. uh minding my fiance's wedding shower. about a week ago. we're giving this gift. yeah boy what is it. um i don't know if you're familiar with that doohickey that's a volcano. hybrid and that's the creme de la. creme smoking devices not me. um uh probably like a six seven. hundred dollars whoa which is the root of our question. sell it what do we do with it. it made me my fiance very uncomfortable. because of the price point. um we could use that. money for weddings wedding moon honeymoon. it's okay wedding honeymoon literally anything. else i have no idea um this. guy's great yeah what do we do send it. back ask for a receipt i'm using it. probably gonna continue to. use it i don't know. okay you can't sell it. to do it's crazy. will we live in love. you oh what a great. guy how much is that guy. the best kisser honestly. honestly no he's the best. best best break dancer no but that's obvious. it does it with the hat. but i'm saying the dark. thing is the dark horse. thing is he's such a good. kisser he just relaxes into. it you know what i mean. like he kisses no one. does that no one does that. okay i mean he rather. access into it he just. he like melts into. the lady and just uh she's like oh my god is that. good yeah it is he's just it. is actually it looks silly. with no one else it looks silly. with no one else like with no. one else and i'm just uh but if i have another person. there like my wife goes crazy. when i do that okay. my wife is she just goes. crazy okay that's cool. anyway uh sell it sell it. because what already used it. though you know so but then it's still worth three. four hundred dollars you know. it's like sell it. buy it get the amount no. the hat i know what you did. last time part of his vibe. that is from the i know. what you did last summer. collection here's the thing you season. judge people based on your standard. of what you think of what. they're presenting the real way. to judge them is by. the standard of the vibe. that they either realize or do. not realize that they are. putting out there that guy's vibe is absolutely. correct with the hat. okay consider all i'm asking you to. do is consider the vibe. okay here the columbia fleece on yeah. it was a zip up. it looked good he had the glasses. like the wire rim glasses yeah. you know so he had that skin. color that's like really really good yeah. it's good premier skin color. this is like a [ __ ] awesome he's like don't he's like a mix of everything. you know what i mean. he's like the perfect specimen and this. the hat for a little flavor. at the end it's good. dude he did have a lot. of flavor he did he was doing all. the moves i think you should sell it. yeah we think you should sell it. because that's not a thing. that a true adult who's about to. get married should need or even want. the person who got it. for you was an interesting. person to say the very least but yeah but um they shouldn't it's not an appropriate. wedding shower gift just who gets you a vape station when you're [ __ ] getting married 700 vape station yeah nuts it looks like a [ __ ] city not for an adult. it's just frankly it's just not. for an adult you know. yeah i know it get honestly. sell it and buy a sybian. for your wife you think that like he it's not. for an adult yeah a serious. adult endeavor i would not send someone off with that yeah he's like i don't know what to. do and then it's in a video. his wife's like yeah dude like i have no idea it seems like the weirdest gift. that being said if you and your wife love to. smoke weed and obviously it's not like out. of hand and you're not like having kids. and being baked all the time. uh then great then it's probably gonna save you money. at some to. some degree in the in the future. but like assuming not that. because that's more like yeah. god how much does. that guy get married. at a young age oh that i mean. that is that that's true. yeah how about uh do you know. what a sybian is i do. know what it's hold on. i just want you to. know what i said when i said that. is true what i meant. was i don't know if you knew this. by the way i said it. but i was trying. to convey this that is the only true. thing you said so like now. that is true about how the rest of the stuff. you said is not true. no i say a lot. of true stuff you do. but i in this case. i was saying now that and not everything. else you said is true. would you ever order a sybian. online what not for your butt. i don't have a vagina. i know for guests well no. because nobody wants to. use the same sybian you. know uh well that was a great. meal um so i don't know what everyone's. doing i know so you have to. leave but uh i have a sibian if you guys want. to take turns i actually have two so it's all. just guys there's like i don't know. no dude wait they come with penises. on them yeah man dude. i thought they were just like big. vibrators that you know bro. you just get i thought the whole thing. was like no they have dildos and stuff. on them you can get attachments. i honestly didn't know that. just sit on them. okay i've never used one. but there's so many oh my mind. is blown right now. there's so many come on bro. my mind's obviously different colors. different colors okay. but oh man they're three they're uh this. is 1300 this is like a full like when you were. renting a camera to. make a movie it's like all the different. packages on this on offer. that's what this is so a sibian as well. the egg dude whoa the g. egg dude that makes me. feel like you're gonna that's like [ __ ] yourself it's like a doorknob. inside you so a sybian. for those of you that don't know. you [ __ ] square losers is uh just basically uh something you sit on and you can insert it inside you and then they're all such tiny dicks. uh those ones yeah mine. are yeah oh yeah those are all so no no they have other they're bigger ones. no no no but even those. are tiny to. me you know oh wow. that's the finger that was. the last one on their list. like should we make it or not. if somebody was like just do it we're making so. much money off the joke. we're making all these other ones you know. they made so much money. oh the two the two what. oh for see you know. our our mom and dad watch this. podcast every episode did you know that. of course and they say we talk about our penis. too much really that's what they said. to me no they didn't. come to you together. and say look no but they did they said you talk. about your penis too much. on the podcast and and my mom's like yeah. your dad said it. that's it first yeah wow what a traitor uhhuh. i know dude so anyway sorry. but we're not we're talking about a sybian yeah. i mean i wasn't talking at. all about my penis i know neither was i but those are. you actually i can tell you did. talk about your penis a little bit today. the arrow like we. know uh it goes on most we know ever. okay oh it's only six inches. oh that's that's that's that's hilarious. it's only six inches the most. we know imaginable [laughter]. yeah all right cool so all right. let's go to. the next one next one. trade it for a sybian. wow who's buying a couple hold on okay. card hold on one. second now let me save it. all right so okay. check out later all. right cool so anyway. what's up matt and chris. you guys literally keep me. going live dude anyway that's the thing. okay my mom has been dating. her boyfriend for like seven. or eight years literally awesome. guy okay gets along with everyone in our family. love him spent holidays. birthdays with him etc i have three brothers. too so and we all live. within like 20 minutes of each other. so we see each other. a lot hung out with him. a lot my mom breaks. up with him recently just no hard. feelings wasn't working for her. anymore he's taking it really. hard i don't know i feel sad. as [ __ ] for him yeah my mom texts me and is like hey do you feel the want or the need to. say goodbye to. this person and i'm like don't phrase. it like a funeral what also i don't know what i would say. do you do that in person. do you text or is that supremely douchey. do you just kind of like let it. go in separate ways and that's unfortunately do what do you want. to hear from this. person's family help me. just text him in caps. lol that's tough dude it. is tough but it's her. and i don't know i guess. i don't know your relationship. you guys just said you had such a good. you know good she said that. was really good uh i think that you should. oh god yeah i don't know i mean. i i i don't think you want to. make a whole production out. of saying goodbye because you're right. it's not a funeral it's also like um i mean. if the here's my my normal. thought if someone was like my parent. my mom has been with with this. guy who i love for the last. seven eight years. but the no hard feelings. they're breaking up yeah i wouldn't assume that the person. talking to me is gonna not. he's gonna cut off all communication. with that guy like they're close. now that's true she's an adult. this guy's an adult. too like i wouldn't assume there's no good. buys at all yeah the mom's. being a little bit weird. about it if it's all if everybody if it's no hard. feelings all around and obviously the guy's butt. hurt but like that doesn't mean. you cut off communication with all. parties it's like that's eight. years of your life that you bonded. with more than just one. person the person like your mom. doesn't get to say. you can't talk to. that person anymore. like this is two other adults. now with their own feelings. about one other i agree. yeah so first of all the premise. that your mom is putting it to. you is just is false. it's like a false premise. yeah yeah be like mama what. are you talking about if you text. me then that's i'm gonna write back. if he doesn't yeah i won't like what. the [ __ ] you know or maybe i'll text him if something funny happens like whatever everybody eight years yeah. yeah so i think turn the tables on. your mom first of all. for making you feel like you have to. do this thing that you obviously. are awkward to. do at the very least don't do it. don't do it and don't presume. that that's how adults should act. anyway like if you like this. guy keep him in your life. don't or at least don't cut him. out of your life no just don't cut him. out of your life for no. reason that's all i'm saying i'm not saying like keep him. involved go get ice cream with them. every week but like you don't have to. excise him and let him. know that it's just like that's yeah. it's a weird that's a weird. request 100 i agree that. being said if you're gonna do it. i don't even know like if you if you're bent. on doing it i don't even. know what to say what. what should she say uh uh lol. just lol you don't that's so [ __ ] horrible to. just be like yo it was nice. to know you i agree. dude it's not just weird. it makes things weird it's gonna make him reach back. out to her yep you know yeah. it's gonna make everything worse. for everybody actually let me just send him. a sybian and call him a dick. call it a day. yeah send them to. sybian you send to. everybody in your life you don't want. the finger yeah don't want. the bell end uh all right. and then the attachment dude. that sucks for that last guess. though i feel bad yeah yeah it's a terrible. situation yeah okay well karma chris hi. matt massive fan of the show massive fan. and congratulations i've been listening for years. now uh my question it was about flying. okay that guy is my favorite person. in the history of humanity why. okay he's definitely somebody else. hey ma what's up. what's going on with my brother. tonight he's got the gauges. yeah he's definitely gonna tattoo his eyeballs. one day get this though he's in he's in a car. in the mountains somewhere pulled. over on the side of the road. he's moving he's in the mountains. right now all right. going up uh i'm 30. years old even though i look about 14. and i'm mad at my mum. for taking away my xbox console. and i've got a huge huge fear. of flying uh i've just been to. italy for a week with my partner. um and on both flights there. i've been constantly stressing out everything. is so unnatural to. me all the different bumps. and movements and and sounds i'm just it's like i'm trying. to get out of my skin. almost i'm grabbing onto her. for dear life i'm grabbing onto. like the the net in front. of me on the seat. in front of me. as if that's going to. do something um and you know. everyone around me so chill. and i'm just sort of almost like my brain's trying. to convince me something bad's. gonna happen the the days. leading up to flying i'm i'm a different. person i'm super duper stressed um and yeah just need some advice on how to. deal with it do i just need to. do it more uh will you were you. stressed yeah and nervous before flying. when you were younger uh or or do you still get anxious. now um i just i do need to. stress though how unbearable it is at times because i mean like even on on the plane. home we were coming in to. land and i think there. was another plane on the runway. and we got almost to. the ground and he and the pilot. just took off again right. well that's kind of and everyone around. me super chill they're reading. the paper they're just talking and i'm just clinging onto. her for dear life and going. okay well i'll give half. my half my savings to. my mom half my savings to. my sister and i'm just gonna die. now okay bye um yeah so any any help. would be appreciated so yeah. any any help making it longer. just once back ten. back ten i mean dude it's yeah i used to. be really scared of flying. i wouldn't go places and then i started. i started regretting it but i just think that exposure. therapy is good also dude. just take an ativan or you have something against like you know i mean. that that kind of anxiety. isn't something you're supposed. to feel yes so take an ativan in those moments. i don't suggest you know. relying on drugs but i think that you know. unless you got a weird aversion. towards we all know my story so yeah. drugs are good you only take one. don't take some somebody's secret drug. in front of you. don't take the whole bottle yeah yeah and definitely don't accept. drugs from the person in front of you. even no matter how nice they are especially if you've already taken. a certain drug and no matter. how well they mean yeah it. doesn't really you wake up. you look up touching someone um you wake up. at a 7eleven in los. angeles and don't know how you got there. you did that basically no. i knew i got there. oh god i was like who took me here. who's outside with me oh. my who oh my oh my okay. well so um yeah it sucks. but it you know. what prompts you for doing. it but i i understand. dude flying is unnatural it's like you shouldn't. be that high in the air. where humans not birds and uh uh but yeah i would just say get a prescription. man that [ __ ] really helps but if you want a non i fully agree yeah medication as always the number one yeah uh i got another thing to. say but uh what i when i used to. i used to. freak out a whole lot. more about just not as bad. as him because you were like yeah. crazy right super scared. like a great big baby. and stuff and it changed but yeah but i i also didn't like it. like i would get uncomfortable. during takeoff and landing. the thing that would actually calm me. down the most was something. you said me which would no you didn't i've said. my favorite guy in the history of humanity. oh him yeah uh you look at the other people. and it's clear but the the behavior. of all of them yeah that. this is normal yeah if you look around. and everyone as he says is just reading. the paper counting it up. thinking about you know. sleeping you're not in trouble. except for the fact that when it is. when people are like what the [ __ ] then you are gonna start feeling weird. here's what i think that's never happened. well sometimes oh okay i've never been on a plane. where people are actually scared. except me and then i look around. and i'm like oh nobody else is scared. all right so i don't have to. be scared they obviously know something about i don't know i have something great to. do what i have something. great to do i think oh you should uh this. is this is the best. thing that has helped me. it's so egotistical to. think that your flight is gonna go. down because you're on it. there's so many other people on there. you don't think that about their flight. you think that about your flight. even though they're on it. too it's egotistical you don't matter. that much so quit well i actually think that applies in a lot. of instances but not this. one but i get what you're saying. you can take the dollars. you can put them both you can match. them look at that oh dude. green and turquoise let me see look at that look at that yeah it is very cool. right okay two two different ones. it's not a feature though you know. you just figured that. out look what else you can. do with these look you can put them. in your pockets um okay. all right cool more more more having sex. oh lifeline crew this is eric. from salt lake city. again i'll be there i just wanted to. thank matt first of all. for his response to. my previous submission and then congratulations. to chris on his boy. his baby boy thanks dude. uh i just wanted to. get their advice on so many. likes how would you wrangle. and tangle somebody into. watching an horror film. or a horror show um because so many people nowadays like to. watch drama our reality. [ __ ] [ __ ] and just kind of skip over you know movies like skin marink what would you introduce a person to. first to get them into. that kind of horror film or show. like what what horror film or show. would you introduce a person. to so well first first that's an interesting. it is a good question. but first of all you sit them. down look at them. straight in the eye and say you are wasting. your life oh you are wasting. your life on stupid ass. stupid [ __ ] reality tv now. here's screen it's time and it's time. to open your mind. yep now here's [ __ ] you know another bad. one i can't think of it. uh uh the terrorizer what's it called. anthony uh terrifier terrifier yes anthony who works on the show. here he loves the terrifier movie. series the sequel terrifier 2. just recently came out and the interesting. thing about that is it's horrible. it's absolutely 100 terrible yeah the. guys just like this ha ha. ha ha i mean that would be good if that was the guy like that viewer oh if it was no makeup and it was just me doing that yeah it would be amazing holy [ __ ] bro that would be so scary. we gotta make that movie. yeah okay so what i said. yeah okay okay i just want. you to agree with that. man um i could if i wanted to. okay fine um so wait uh this. is what is this a what is the thing. you get how do you get them. to do it okay. and what is the thing. you show them if they agree to. do well this is timely for me. okay because last night. oh wow yeah i watched. i like i like thrillers. i like horrors i like you know yes right. yeah and i know you know. this movie and i know i think you like this. movie i watched the i watched audition i love. auditions okay yeah so. that movie is extremely boring. right i mean i don't think so no i like it. but it's boring well what do you mean. people really argue it's not what do. you but then what do you mean. by very slow it's very oh it's slow. to reveal what it's really. about you can watch it. for an hour and not know. it's a horror movie yeah. i don't know about it. yes you can you can for a full. hour you can watch it. and it's a romantic movie. oh i know it okay okay um okay yeah but but i watched. it and i i i i i i i i couldn't stay. awake but i liked the movie. but man the two people i was with were like this. is [ __ ] come on really yeah you're uh yeah it's a classic it's like top 10. uh what do you call. it horror movies especially in japan. oh yeah it was a huge hit in japan. yeah takashi mike or whatever. the [ __ ] the guy is right. the director and um he uh i think it's his best. movie they they you do i think yeah you've seen. them all that get you the killer. and all i mean he makes like three movies. a year sometimes so there's so much i've seen the big. ones like ichi and is he too good. each of the killer is good uh. what's the recent one. he did the reason he actually made a samurai movie. 13 um warriors assassins yeah i didn't know. he did that yeah he did. that he does all. different kinds of [ __ ] too uh the the happy mura clummies there's some there's some like he makes the weird every genre every weird he's like kubrick. kind of sat there always actually. nothing like kubrick but that's just like a kubrick. guy he's nothing even a little bit. like kubrick but that's cool. yeah so we're talking because it's japanese. but it's just like um the how what would you. show them though i don't know but but i wanted. to talk about addition oh okay. then keep going what do. you think about that movie i like it. i love it i think it's why. do you love it so much. well i like it starts out. it's about a guy who is a widow. widow widower what do you call. it he's a widower yeah and his wife his wife died. seven years ago. and the his son is finally like hey why don't you you. got you gotta find someone. so he uh pairs. up with this other guy. who produces movies and this guy they hold. an audition for this. movie that they are going to. make but the guy the other guy. suggests um hey uh whoever the runnerup is why don't you try. to take her out maybe you pick. somebody that you're from the audition. process that you think you could be with it's basically. like a good guy version. of the typical casting count yeah totally right. he's like oh okay. you know that's such a thing. yeah i mean it's bad. because what's the premise. the premise the whole movie. not the spoiler alert is about a long. play of his punishment for being like that. right yes okay right. um and so the the um so i so so i watched it. last night and an hour. and i fell asleep i couldn't do. i'm gonna finish it tonight. but i think i've seen it. before i've seen it before. yeah okay i just love generally i love. japanese oh i did the best. horror movies except for no the best. horror movies are the the dutch or norwegian. or whatever the [ __ ] is up there. with all the blonde hair and all that. no yeah because the japanese the way. that they are about death. and the dead is way. different than they are than we are. in the west about yeah death. and dying i know like the way. they have ghosts they're not. like necessarily these scary. stories okay you know what you're doing. doing is you keep you keep stomping on. what i'm saying you know. what i'm talking about and it's making me. angry very angry we're gonna have a horror. movie on our hands if you keep doing. it wow that's a good. thing to say if. you're gonna get into. a fight wow you know what we're gonna do. we're gonna have a horror movie. on our hands if you keep going. yeah yeah that's good yeah. it's not a good thing. just in a vacuum though. i just did it okay. okay so say i did good not. that is you did good so okay. go ahead uh i completely forget. what i was saying but if i was gonna show. someone a horror movie uh like if i if i was trying to. get them to understand. why this that the genre. is great i probably wouldn't pick something. like audition no you couldn't or something. classic like the shining anything that's remotely obscure yeah. you kind of want to. avoid you can eventually. get into that oops. right because you're still stomping on. what i'm doing right so we're gonna stop doing a conversation. but yeah uh but i'd avoid it. like the plague but i don't know that's a good question. like to hook to. hook somebody on the horror genre. i would say maybe the exorcist. but that's a little old now. you might get someone being like this. is boring because just because it's old i know. what to do the ring is. a good one the original. one no the american american one. okay the original one is not as scary. as the american one. and i'm the only guy who says i don't think yeah the original. one's not that scary. i i mean okay but i don't think the american. remake is scarier the american. ring is [ __ ] scary. i don't know if i agree with that. actually yeah it's pretty good. yeah um and and honestly. for an american movie i think that that's the movie. you know that's old now though. yeah i know but it's still you it's still watchable. it's not like the 80s. bro no it's 2000 something yeah. no yeah yeah it was when did the ring come. out like probably before that yeah 2002. yeah it done too yeah. i was right i was very close very close um yeah yeah i don't know. but i don't think i don't think i've showed them. the ring though but why not um i mean. i guess just trying to. get them to like it. but if they like it but if they don't like movies. or if they don't like they watch reality. tv you know i mean. you gotta get them on something. more like like wild or something. you know oh like scream. like terrifier nobody would ever watch. another horror movie if the way. you tried to convince. them to watch horror. movies and the reason to. like them is to. show them terrifier yeah sorry. anthony um you guys haven't seen it. i i did i tried to. see it i tried. to watch it too but it's right. like halfway he's right. that i didn't finish it. yeah you haven't watched the second one. though that is true i would though. for you i would to. honor how much i disagree. with you i would watch the whole. second one in fact i'm gonna do that. i don't know man i love. horror movies you know. what though that's the thing. you're saying dad hates them. it's like people if they don't if you're trying. to get someone an adult. to like horror movies. it's not gonna work they already. don't like them yeah that's true. horror is not something you get people. that are wishywashy on either. i've always said this about horror. movies they are often they they as a genre. they carry the most promises they always they they're capable of being the best. movies like some of my very favorite movies. are horror movies but so often they are actually the very very worst. yeah so many it's like r. b music so much of that. genre yeah is is absolute trash. yeah like the [ __ ] anthony lives you know some of it it's a very small amount but still they exist. have you guys seen cabin. in the woods yeah. that's a great movie but that's not a horrible. it's not a great movie. but it's okay it's not a horror. movie yeah it's not horrible it. kind of you know it. kind of is it kind of is. uh yeah it's funny. if it's funny like that. it's not a horror movie. and now we're making rules. i love that we're making we just saw that. movie recently okay it's just so watchable. dude okay okay no no no that's the thing. a movie being watchable. is the thing okay. all right all right all right. do another one yeah let's go. here we go nice what's up. man chris i recently. quit eating and it's going. pretty well i've noticed a ton. of benefits in my energy. levels and i have way more control. over what i'm eating and my cravings. and stuff like that um so breaking that. addiction was really good for me. overall my question is about. the reactions you get. from other people when you make certain changes. in your life uh for example. a lot of people have sort of had a major reaction to. me quitting saying that you know. oh it's not healthy or you. need to have things in moderation. you should deprive yourself and while i think that might apply. in certain cases i think. for me it doesn't um i had to. do it cold turkey just because i don't have that. selfcontrol and even after telling them. this i still have to. deal with it at. every meal you know declining a dessert. you kind of get like the eye. rolls or people you know. huffing and puffing about it. and it's just discouraging because like i wanted to. try something like fasting you know like 48. hour fast something along those lines. and i know that as soon. as people find out i'm gonna do it. it's just going to. be the same thing all over again. and if either of you have ever fasted. or tried to. cut out anything like that you know that you just want to. distract yourself you don't want. to have people constantly bring it. up you know if i was trying. to quit cocaine or something and people were always like well why don't you just have a little bit yeah. trigger you know it makes no. sense but when it's you'd agree like sugar. it's like it goes right. over their head so these are people that mean well and they get it. so i know that they're not. okay so but also grow some balls. though you know what i mean. but yeah but grow some balls. but trigger city but grow some balls. right drinking at a time. of my life when i still had tons and tons of friends. that drank a lot so i that would be my comparison but as my brother. is saying grow some balls. because all you really need to. do is just like say push back. on it if they actually come at you for it. but yeah the no is no and you can just ignore. all the [ __ ] eye rolls. because here's the deal they're just like oh like he's so fussy. like yeah because they're [ __ ] lazy [ __ ] of course dude and they're jealous. dude and this is what you can. say to them oh yeah. you know what be fussy. and that's fine but i'm gonna be but but go ahead. and laugh your way. into your grave and i'll be standing there. pissing on your grave wow. okay well don't say any of that. but you could do that. if you're john malkovich and then the line. of fire or in that. situation it's kind of like armchair psychologists to. be like they're just jealous. of you that might not. be the case but they're like he's fussy. and i don't do fussy. that's like that's the way. that's like the underscore. underlining of like all of that. kind of behavior okay then i'm gonna piss. on your grade towards people who scoff at. you for changing something up and quote being difficult. but dude who cares. these people are obviously not hip. to the thing that you're hip to. and like which is how it's expected. that people this is how people act they act like oh mr. fussy okay fine yeah eye. rolls looking at each other. being like oh yeah he doesn't do it. anymore who cares i'll be laughing. when i'm peeing on. your grave okay or you could do. that or you could do. that version do you think i get that. it's frustrating but at the end. of the day the only the reason. i'm saying who cares this. is the only way to. get over it and the only way to. sort of like get your hand. back on top of theirs. is just to. be like i don't play that game. when we don't play that homie. don't play that homie. don't play that i'll be laughing. at that when i pee on your grave. homie don't play that thing. yeah the only way to. win this is to. is to engage in what. i like to call. homie don't play that it's not everything. in moderation you know. people say everything in moderation. not everything in moderation. murder there's one huge thing. that there shouldn't be moderation. about there should be zero. murdering um right and sugar. those two things no but i just feel like yeah people are doing. this because they everything. in moderation is an idiotic. thing to say yep. i get it but it's like come. on murder there's so many ways. to poke holes in that stupid. murder i just did it. yeah but that's obvious. genocide how about that nuclear. bombs i mean the the expression. implies of the things to. do but that's not what they're saying. yeah it is basically it's implied everything. in moderation but what he's saying. is cocaine is a thing to. do so that in moderation. well no because it's gonna make you predictable marching powder and some moderation. wow the fact that you interrupted me. just because you wanted to. say bolivian marching powder you know really something it's going. to be marching down your face. most annoying eye on the history in the history of between. that and the janus joplin i really killed this. episode oh god damn it. yeah johnny mitchell and it is. what it is i almost blocked. it out of my memory but thanks for bringing. it back tony mitchell janice. joplin who's janice joplin well janice stop is a different. singer i know but what is. she sing uh the mercedesbenz song. i guarantee that's the thing i'm saying no. man you can't do that because you don't know. that and there's no way. to argue with it i guarantee. she's saying that what's the person. that's arguing with you gonna. say oh yeah oh i guarantee. she didn't right so i got you on detector no. that's very stupid and you argue like all i'm saying. is that you don't need to. eat sugar and grow some balls. and also that's a lot. that's live people are just gonna be like can i have you. know oh you're a [ __ ] boy right. that's what happened oh you oh dude. you don't oh you're better. than us it's yeah it's the implication that you're better. than us or no more. than us or whatever. but again i'm a bad. guy because i snort fun dip okay the only way to. take your power back in a situation. like that is again to. do a little thing i like to. call homie don't play that okay. okay i like to. call it that everybody. else can call it. something else but the thing. i like to call. it is homie don't. play that okay cool well then that's fine. great um i will be in nashville. i will be in different. cities i will be in uh ottawa. and uh montreal uh go to. christian dot com for tickets. i'll be in philadelphia. you know it's just gonna be balls. to the wall there's gonna be so crazy. man it's gonna be absolutely. insane yeah i think it is yeah yeah so go to. watch go to watch lifeline. dot com if you got a question. and uh magic the garage uh you know. or you can leave us. a message on uh the lifeline. hotline like that fella that. last fella just did. at 2139738095 and of course you could get one. on oneonone sessions with me. your boy baby baby. matt delia at mattdelia dot com. and speaking of get the new lifeline merch at lifelinemerch dot com. you can get the amazing. purple hoodies you can get the the sweatshirt. one with the little emblem in. the corner it's over the breast it's very very good it's very very sexy. stuff that uh if you don't buy it. you don't love us. you don't love us. and honestly if you don't at least leave a comment you don't love us. honestly yeah you don't and if you don't subscribe. you don't love us. subscribe to super good studios or you don't. love us but the best. part is is that if you do do those things. we not only do you love. us but we love you. and most of you if not probably all of you are now. my best friend and his best. friend oh wow okay okay yeah. okay sure only if they like it and subscribe. though right i understand. thank you very much [music]. 