 foreign lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional [music] hello. hello [music] okay dude. so let's talk about it. man because first of all let's talk about baby. let's talk about you and me let's talk. about all the good. things and the bad things that that may be let's talk about let's talk about okay. and i don't do that. so you're walking for that but um that was free. i am going to. get you added up. because that's the thing when i see myself. in a smaller shirt because i wear big [ __ ] right. because i'm i'm in the trends but when you're doing well. because when you see this. i'm gonna get yarded right. here and the and the shit's gonna come down. and it's going to. look absolutely ridiculous i'm gonna have to. hand out towels i'm gonna look you. at it i'm going to. be at it huh. right and then i'm also you know what i'm also going. to do get a [ __ ] cityscape like this. right here escape yep get a [ __ ] cityscape i already. got the 40. i got the the elevator and the the triceratops and i'm gonna get you added. right here i'm probably just gonna get like a street. sign or something i don't know. what i'm gonna get but it's gonna be insane. what cityscape are you gonna get oh well i have to. pick i don't know send in your submissions comment. what cityscape should i get right there. uh get uh boulder colorado right. i don't know about that. that would be you know. but i should be like one of those. annoying guys that get the silhouettes. of the trees on his [ __ ] arms you know what i mean they get the trees on their arms and that's like i think that's like the new barbed wire tattoo trees yeah. they get like silhouettes of a forest. boo you know i don't know i'm just saying i'm gonna think of when i think of boulder. colorado i think of uh my joke. over the shoulder boulder holders remember that we used to. call bras no oh they're wrong. yeah don't swear first five. minutes of this the braziers but uh you already. did but i know. i did so we got to. bleep that out uh but then over the shoulder. boulder holders you know what that. is yeah i get it. they're bras it's a bra brazier okay. yeah but what i'm saying. is we had a little bit. of a tiff before. we started because i i was talking. about how you said you wanted. to get the loop. earrings oh yeah no no no no no no no dangly there's well you said loop. earrings no but okay well i didn't mean. to say loop earrings. i'm getting the dangly cross let's talk. about what exactly happened. though because what exactly i don't really remember honestly. i'm gonna get some loop. earrings i said well you know what you know. i'm gonna get the dang lacrosse. and you said i said that. first i did and i said i said it. way back when and congratulations. i don't care when you what. show you said i said i said in dad's walls. i said that out. in grandpa bam's boss. okay we gotta move that. out um uh should i say balls. well you can if you're talking about. like a bunch of balls. all i have in this. world is this time. halloween was on the weekend. so look dude the barry bonds baby. baby and george michael those two are. my ear idols i should dude. i should be the one getting. the dangly earring by. the way and i'll tell you what look. at the ear my ear. so big dude jesus. christ could be on it. that is you got to. put the photo here by the way. dude you've been putting the photos way. too late on the lifeline. episodes man we're talking about it. and then you put the photo. too late it's gotta be when we say the thing. and you flash interesting. so we're not gonna fire. anthony but we need to. [ __ ] make sure that that's what he does. dude i would fire i'll fire. him no we like the way. he does the work he does. he's got a promising life. ahead of him you know. what i mean i agree. but i would fire him just like that. you could fit jesus christ. on the how i need to. get a [ __ ] huge crosshair that thing looks matter. when i'm walking it's like pulling. my ear dragging and and major back. problems yeah and and uh jesus. christ is on it or somebody that looks like just get a guy like me. who looks like jesus christ. yeah no take wait take way. too much time uncomfortable and then when people say. look what the hell. is that i say well. stop sinning and i won't have to. do this stuff um but so i think that i'm gonna get yattted up. i'm gonna get the thing i'll tell you why. i should get the dangly earring. and that you it okay. we can both get it. i'm getting it but what i'm saying. and you don't care if i get it. too i don't care about. anything in the whole world besides. wow okay but what i'm saying is imagine me. on stage doing my comedy. rocking it bam talk. like this and it's swinging. bam bam bam. and it's swinging i'm yadded up. i get a dangly area. with the cityscape and everyone's like so this. guy is somebody that i want to. be like this guy is somebody that. i see and i go i gotta buy. a ticket for this. guy's show because of how mysterious yadded up. with a dang of the earrings. i think you would look bad. with a dangly earring. i would look good you don't look. good with like [ __ ] good stuff on you that's why you look good in that stupid shirt. because that's a bad shirt. i have okay well it. says new jersey so that's sacrilege. i mean we're from new jersey. i don't bow down to. the gods of new jersey. all right that's fine. but you're gonna say i look bad. with stefan he's got the wimble. no he's got the gold band. he's got the braces. for focus you look bad. in it you know. what i'm saying i look bad. with a hat i don't look bad. with a dangly earring. and the wimbledon and the [ __ ] and the gold and then the bracelet for focus why are you saying wimbledon that's what the rolex. is oh really it's the window. is it green it's got green. in it oh yeah. um all right but yeah so anyway i got the bracelet. on for focus okay that. was the most boring part of the whole. thing you said so why. are you repeating that. she was like this is for focus. put it around you when it breaks. off that's when the true. focus kicks in so i gotta be focused. but then when it breaks. because it'll break eventually it's been so [ __ ] long it's annoying. honestly but i'm focused for now. what happens when it breaks. that's when the focus really kicks. into overdrive i mean. you hope what if it's gone. you don't think about it. anymore all right you know what i'll be focused. on where was my bracelet. where's my dangly earring um. so yeah dude um anyway uh i'm gonna be in let's see. well what's sunday uh was is. it jacksonville lakeland somewhere. in florida go to. chrisley dot com what's the sunday. one um because it'll be tonight do you know. uh and then i'm gonna be in next. week i'm gonna be in sugarland. texas and san antonio texas and then in a few. weeks i'll be in rhode island new jersey. i'm sorry new york. not new jersey rhode island. new york and then um [ __ ] yeah jacksonville dude. that's where i'll be sunday. night i believe unless it's saturday. what's the 28th oh [ __ ] so you missed. it dude i'm gonna be in san antonio sugarland. new orleans providence rhode island new york. new york chicago illinois kansas city. springfield tulsa oklahoma go get tickets. just at chrysalia dot com. and uh we're having a good. time dude having a good time. having a good time what's up. you want advice you want nobody. to know about what's going. on in your life except one. person who gives you advice. on the matter mattelia dot com. for your troubles okay. well that's good and if you want to. uh do a uh a question. which we love your. questions we love your videos. watch lifeline dot com uh and you can get the lifeline. merch and get that spin movement. mentality adopt a spoon movement. mentality promote this move mentality let people. know you're bad about it. when it comes to. the spin movement mentality at lifelinemerch dot com. thank you very much because i got new merches. coming soon we got numer to. come to it and look we're sorry. but we have to. pay some bills right. we have to raise. some bills by saying all that. stuff so leave a comment uh and let us know. if me or matt should get the dangly earring. or if possible. first of all if you do that. everyone is going to. say i should get it. so everyone's always says that you're like the better. singer and all that stuff. i want you to. understand something that's a joke. they're doing that to. be ironic no because you can't do [ __ ] like this and also likes the josh. groban thing that you do. that wasn't even josh groban. but you do a josh. groban thing i do do that. but i also go i put a sign up. right in the front window. advertisement right in the front. window and all of a sudden. success coming out of the blue. you did josh groban at. the end remember that. we're gonna have to. bleep that out no we don't we can save. balls you could say soccer. balls grow my soccer. ball um so yeah. so that's from mushnick and son. with little shop of horrors. okay loser um dude. i wanted when i was in high school. i wanted the [ __ ] role of the dentist. so badly i know. when you didn't get it. i felt bad i didn't. get it trenton reynolds got it that's [ __ ] trenton runnels was good. though but no he wasn't he was going. to be an actor he was going. places he you know he doesn't even. [ __ ] anymore he's a mormon neither do i but he does yeah no he is a mormon and he's a great. guy he's one of my friends. and he's a great artist. by the way what kind of art. well not singing dude but like he just painting. and [ __ ] and he's really good he's really he's really good okay like you look at his stuff. and you're like wow that's really interesting. it's not just good it's interesting. oh okay okay so but when it comes. to be your day. hentes fitting braces that. would be my [ __ ] that is by far. the best part in the whole show. for people that don't know. what we're talking about little shop. of horrors the dentist's role. is the in the movie it's steve. martin yep who's hilarious. yeah that's the best part. of the movie as well yeah. and generally in the broadway. show it is like the scenes. the show stealing yeah yeah and it's also you only have like two. numbers and [ __ ] yeah that you got to. do and you gotta and you get to. be like super like kind of like elvis if you want. to be but also have your own. style on it look. if i did it too kind of like a rockabilly. yes yes dude if i was in it. i'd shut the [ __ ] down braces. getting castrated in the very beginning. [applause] somewhere somewhere above me i don't know i know that. my mama still loves me. all day henderson and a success. oh yeah yeah yeah dude. and the success dude. um i tried out for that. i didn't get it i was a freshman. and it sucks and trenton just got it. because he was a junior it's fine. like a harbor i don't know i saw it. and i was sad. that you didn't get it. then i saw trenton do it. i was like actually he's better. than my brother would have been you've been holding that in for 25. years i didn't know that i didn't want. to say it to. hurt your feelings i wanted. your confidence to. be high enough but uh it's true. trenton's better remember when you got so mad at me. when i said charlie. plowman said i was a real shooter and i was going. places in in the nba and you got mad. because you said you wanted to. be a basketball player and you said why. would you tell me that. story when you know i want to. be a basketball player that's. gotta be [ __ ] horse oh no. way dude no absolutely i felt. so bad you were like why. would you say that you know. i want to. be in the nba and in my mind. i'm just thinking you're not going. to the [ __ ] nba dude you really thought that yeah dude also because i was better. at basketball than you. and i was 11. you were better. for your if you tried to. play with the try to. play with the 14 year. old you wouldn't try to. play with the big boys. yeah no dude i used to. play with the big boys. remember new jersey all the big. kids think you're a better athlete. than me and you know. what i mean it's fine. you pitch and you're a good. pitcher but dude when it. comes to like actually ass kicking and trying. to like you know if you needed a getaway. driver it would be me. but well you're better at martial arts. okay because you've done them. why do they do that. can you explain for people. that aren't going to. release the key eye what is what well because it starts. the energy out and it makes your [ __ ] strike stronger earlier. what's kii a key. eye is what that is oh oh that's it. like just regularly so yeah okay it. seems like a waste of energy. no it's it's it's what you need it's what. you need it's the power. you need yeah okay but imagine me. doing it when i'm yachted up. that would be crazy right. and how much would the [ __ ] dangle dude no you can't get into. fights with that [ __ ] on your ear they just rip it right out and win the fight right. but if i keep them at a distance. with my key eye power. but i'm a peaceful man. i never get into. fights that's why i should get the dangly earrings. anyway dude what i'm trying to. say is um i should have gotten the part. in a little shop of horrors. and i would have been i would have killed. it you don't know and that's not fair. you didn't see me in. the full get up try and got the full. get up and the hair i would have blue trunk. out of the water. and the song that bangs. in that is the suddenly seymour is. standing beside you it. means there's no worries wow. the sweet understand that. song sucks ass what yeah yeah that's [ __ ] good one is feed. me see more no the good one. is oh no it's good. but that's just like [ __ ] it did the dark. horse one is the sadly seymour standing besides. it sucks dude that's like such a like a [ __ ] show tune. lyrics but anyway dude i used to. listen to that well it's good. it's all good oops i mean. more that's the chorus part. but i was doing it. remember hang on i just got a text. stop saying it's your neighbor all. right so uh let's go to. the first one actually we don't do. this at my house i was making a joke. do it everyone was it. was just all right hey chris and matt. i have a friend who um bragging thinks i'm their minion. and i tried to. back away slowly i'm trying to. get through this really quickly. um but she was a little bit more. psychotic than i originally thought. so i didn't want to. like rock the boat by. just you know doing anything. harsh she asked me to. go get her belly button pierced with her. while she's five months. pregnant i don't know then she asked me to. ask a friend from high school. um if i about her body that she had surgery. done to and i did said no. to that too because she can do. that herself obviously that's weird. neither one of us talked. to this girl um she got mad. and she deleted me. on her own which is fine. but i have confided in her. about my current relationship in the past. and i wonder um if i need to. approach people with what she might do with that information tell them you know be on the lookout. that's not you know whatever. she might say to. you you know it's not me. or should i just like brush it. off consider these people smart. enough to know the difference thanks. the 100 the latter you. definitely don't want to. preempt yeah some you don't want. to preempt to sane. people because some crazy person. might tell them things that are obviously. crazy like yeah everyone knows how to. filter out a crazy person it's fine. you're fine you're you're good. don't don't do that you'll. create a problem out of nothing. yeah um and then uh also so she was saying so sorry. help me out the minion thing. this other person thought she was their minion. the friend thought the caller and that. girl that woman was her minion. and a minion is just somebody that. does everything that does. their bidding okay and and so now she's like i don't want her. to be in my life. because she's being crazy. she were you listening i was yeah. i was listening literally to. everyone she denied the her. friend's request to like do stuff. for her that she didn't want. to do yes and then she deleted her. as a friend on social media. right and now she's worried that from things. that you know that she used. to share with her that she's just gonna start start spreading the news. yeah about it start. spreading the news and i know. she doesn't want to. rock the boat sit down. you rock and sit down sit down. sit down you're rocking the boat. sit down you're rocking that. made me sweaty well i think it. made me but i'm i i it's amazing. how much can be musical. it made me feel bad when you did. it that's why it made me. say it you know that's it. you know this [ __ ] on your rock. of the boat thing the song. yeah yeah guys and dolls yeah. okay man okay you were in that. i was dude who were you again. everyone that nobody wanted to. be dude i was seven characters all right. sit down you're rocking sit. down sit down sit down. you're rocking the boat. sit on your rockets down you're rocking the boat. or you go the ball. it depends on what [ __ ] part. you can also not do it. at all that's the best. part if you're not in it. this is the best way. to do it you can mouth. it so all right. yeah i i uh yeah you don't preemptively do. anything don't i i look. i like the ice he's never preempt. anything i like for the record. i like the idea of bombing. first but i don't think it actually helps. situations do you like the idea of what. bombing first like hey guys this. person's crazy no boom. it doesn't work it's not worth. it yeah it's just forget. it she's crazy she's gone. be happy yep good riddance. yep there you go. okay next hi chris and matt. i am currently currently unauthorized. sound podcast episode nice and somebody called in about um not liking. how people don't say bye. on the phone and it made me. think of how annoyed i get when people brush their teeth. in movies and tv and then they just spit. and they never rinse their. mouth and it drives me crazy. and i wonder if anybody else notices it. and like what's the deal. with that they don't do. that they don't do that. but here's the thing and i think i said this. last time and i i understand. and i agree if people are going to. try to represent reality then. they should do things that people really. do but hey everybody let's remember yes movies are not real. yeah right so we can take the shortcut and we can take autistic. license we don't rinse our. mouths out we don't say. bye it's okay that. is true except for not. everybody's making a david lynch movie a lot. of times the people are going to. be doing do you know. what i mean right. but it's you know about it. does bother me is when people are. like all right well what's the number to. that place it's 555 and then like the movie. phone number thing that's five so what would they do. instead say other numbers but but then people will be calling that. number later but there are other. error codes that don't exist. not every don't they do. that every possible combination of three. numbers is an area. code i'll text it to. your bike do that. or that you know what it. is i'll text it. to you so i don't have to. say the 555 thing yeah i think that uh i don't so she's talking about people. brush their teeth with toothpaste well yeah and they're and they spit and then they're just done brushing their teeth. yeah they spit and rinse. their toothbrush and put it back. and then they don't they don't do the work. that happens in movies yeah yeah whoa i've never seen that yeah you probably have you just have right. right and register it that's awful. here's the thing too most. movies i would say most movies. try to emulate this. sort of realness that's why. it's annoying i agree. but they shouldn't my problem. is that movies try to. emulate reality yes and movies that try to. emulate reality let me tell you something none of them. have been remotely realistic no of course. not so don't even try. make movies that are absurd. or like real life which is absurd. you it's a winwin for me. if people actually did the right. thing yeah yeah i wanted. to lose loose because people are like make it real right. make a real winter's bone. oh it's so real it's so gritty. yeah nobody ever acted like. that in the history of the [ __ ] world well yeah winter's bone was took. place a while ago. okay okay jennifer lawrence first breakout. movie yeah nominated engine one. okay relax for that. she didn't win no no oh i thought you won. did she win no no dale. dickey won her costar oh really. yeah yeah but anyway uh jennifer lawrence is a phenomenal actress. i don't know if you know. that okay but she hasn't she's on my show. once and she said good. job so it's all good. but um yeah dude um that is all. good remember when we remember when remember when um she was dating our. friend oh my god yes and and they were he they were he was working. on winter's bone he was shooting is that. where they met yes. really dude and he was like oh man. he was like i don't know man. i'm dating this girl. she's she's like the lead of this. movie it's called winter's bone. man and he was working on. winters yeah and he was like i don't know she's like my girlfriend. man i don't know everyone's saying like she's doing real everyone says she's so good magic. dude she's such a good. actress man yeah he would get really mad. i think you're gonna get nominee for an oscar. yeah he would get really mad. when she would like go to. hollywood parties oh he would we were like she's 19. i don't remember that. yeah one time he was complaining about how like she was hanging out with colin farrell and i was like she's 19. dude. and colin was just like gorgeous ah. you're gorgeous ah you [ __ ] [ __ ] gorgeous [ __ ] you're [ __ ] gorgeous you know and he was like oh man by your [ __ ] gorgeous ah you're gorgeous and he was at home like oh man all right uh yeah dude um so anyway about your question um the i never seen that happen but maybe maybe matt maybe matt saw it happen i have seen it happen uh and i agree that that is distracting and stupid i have a hangnail nobody cares okay next video okay nobody cares hey guys this episode is brought to. you by betterhelp and i'm glad to. say this because we need to. take a break from the uh podcast to. talk about this um look you know. it's it's uh therapy is becoming this. thing that's kind of uh being accepted finally and i feel really. good about this because i'm a big. proponent of therapy and better. help is the way. to do therapy the safest easiest. most convenient affordable way uh when i feel. like i'm my best self. i can do i can operate at my. highest level uh and when you're at your best. you can do great. things sometimes life gets you bogged down and you may feel overwhelmed or like you're not showing up. the way you want to. and uh you know your work. your life your relationships. can suffer so working with a therapist. can help you get closer. to the best version of yourself. when you feel empowered you're more. prepared to take on. everything life throws at you uh so if you're thinking of giving therapy. a try i strongly suggest. better help uh it's a great. option i have fans honestly. come up to. me sometimes and say they tried it. and they're so thankful. that they did it um yeah if you're in a rut. it's great uh just fill out. a brief questionnaire get matched. with a licensed therapist and you can also switch. therapists if you don't like that one. they want to. help you find a good match. and there's no extra charge for switching. so if you want to. live a more empowered life. therapy can get you there. visit betterhelp dot com. lifeline today to. get 10 off your first month. that's better help help dot com. lifeline get involved. four nfl teams two conference championship. games and only a few more. shots to win big. on the playoffs with draftkings. sportsbook an official sports betting. partner of the nfl counting down. to super bowl 57 new customers can bet. just five dollars and get 200 in free. bets instantly what not a new customer you can feel the conference championship thrills. with stepped up same game. parlays take your shot at. an even bigger nfl. payout and boost your winnings. with each leg you add up. to 100 oh that's a crazy. amount of percent that's insane. download the draftkings sportsbook. app and use code. lifeline new customers can bet five dollars. on the nfl divisional round. and get 200 and free. bets instantly only at draftkings sportsbook. with code lifeline minimum age. and eligibility restrictions apply. see show notes for details look man. it is i am involved. with drafts kings i am getting involved. with draftkings if i am going. to be betting. with draftkings then you should be too they got me. involved in football dude. i love football and it look. i'm a new customer and i'm gonna be let me. tell you something about draftkings. though what draftkings i used to. use all the sites for betting. now it's just draftkings oh really. draftkings draftkings draftkings draftkings draftkings okay saying it so. much but uh that's the deal. though look super bowl 57 there's no other way. to go uh you get two. hundred dollars in free. bets with a five dollar bet. and uh only a drop skating. sports book with code. lifeline so go do it. thank you hey chris and matt. uh love you guys so thankful. for the podcast oh thank you um i wanted to. ask you guys for some advice. okay i'm talking so british. children's hospital and it never fails that. when i walk into. the room okay pause parents. will say something god bless great. job she is her whole face and her. mouth is talking british. without the accent what do. you mean because she's like doing it. like this you know. what i mean she's talking like this. that she's not the british. accent she's not doing with the accent. but imagine me just talking like this. but like i'm just i'm like no. like look at me like like talking. like this like i'm talking like this. but like she's doing it. like a british i've never encountered someone. making less sense than you are. making only as only as little sense. all right okay then then it's a lose. i i'm i missed. i know i get what you're saying. british people don't talk don't. look like this when they're talking have you seen. um [ __ ] uh gilligan's island. yeah actually oh hang on the nurses here or are. you my nurse for today. oh i got you so i would like a spin move. uh my daily professional to. give back to these people because i'm young. and blonde does not mean. that i can't be a doctor that's crazy. yeah she's a doctor and we love you. for that and dude here's the [ __ ] god's work here's the thing if i went to. a hospital and she showed up and was my doctor i would be thanking my lucky. [ __ ] star yeah because you don't [ __ ] hap because most doctors yeah are [ __ ] dead inside and don't even look you in the eye and act like they've never had a good day in their [ __ ] life and she's smiley and nice yep the only thing that would be better. is if honestly if she was indian. and then i would be all in but oh so you're racist. no no opposite indians are. the best doctors yeah so you're racist. against no i i am proindian. yeah so thus you are. i'm not saying anyone else is bad. politician dude she this is what you do when there's a are you the nurse. you go like this he's like no i'm the doctor oh good i'm gonna you know. what i'm actually prescribing you this. medication you give them. some pills and they say. oh well i'm not here because i'm sick. no these these actually these pills. help with sexism because you're sexist so because i'm a doctor or you could go more hardcore. and and do that and the person. says no i'm not i'm not sick. and she's and you say oh no. i know these you just take one. and it'll kill you just like that. and then the world will be a better place. oh wow dude get [ __ ] disbarred or whatever they call it suit. yeah what do they call. it for the thing uh they take your license. away take your license away there's gonna be a name for it. but anyway mobile practice gonna get sued. for my practice yeah she tried to. kill me but she should do it. the british she's not british. actually if you listen. to her talk um so the british. nurse she's doctor and she's american. um so yeah dude i feel like uh i feel like uh that's [ __ ] that sucks you're probably. gonna have to. deal with that for a few. more years until you start looking a little bit older. maybe right and the probably which sucks. yeah but female doctors well how old do you think that lady. is she looks like she's probably. my age she looks like she's like in her. well i think she might even be younger. than i think we saw her. walking on the street we'd probably be like she started. she looks like she's in her. early she's probably older she's been through residency in med. school and all that i don't know dude. i met a doctor recently. she looked even younger than this. woman oh dude i had a doctor once i went in i was sick i had a doctor yeah. 12 she was 12. years old yeah yeah and it was horrible. the diagnosis of horrors. give me two sugar. cookies and then she [ __ ] all over the floor yeah yeah uh that's a shame take two days come in the morning. and they were just frosted. in a and then she had a heart. with pink it was like for valentine's day. and then she [ __ ] all over the floor yeah she well dookie hauser wow [music]. oh dude okay hell yeah. dude dookie howser why do you listen. to any other podcast qvc a qvc why. would you listen to. any podcast when you get here hilarity. advice brothership brothership wow brotherhood you. get the interconnectivity with the audience. you get vibrant colors look. at this here we've got lifeline. right here and this is just lifeline. that's l twice but we have different. letters e twice too and i twice. brothership being so loud brotherhood so what was the advice. here for her oh yeah the real advice. i mean i guess you gotta tread carefully because i don't. even remember such complaint what do. you mean no clue. who the person was just went with bits. have no idea oh yeah. she was really sweet yeah. how could you forget. her for a nurse. anytime she walks in a room. yep which by the way. i don't think it's an age. thing i think it's a sexist. thing it's both no it's definitely both. it's both it's both but you're you're totally. right but like if she was 50. it would be a little different yeah. but no i agree it's sexism. but it's also ageism reverse. ages if she was indian. everyone be like i get it. okay stop saying stuff about indian. people but um i think that i think oftentimes in situations. like that like from india. not if you just keep navajo retain. yeah we know if we retain because you're racism. prejudice if you retain eye contact when you correct someone just stake looking into. their eye for a little bit longer. than is i don't know like normal. i think that kind of thing. goes a long enough. way where that also now that you're the doctor and you're already. in a position of authority. it will make the people slink. even more into themselves. you control the room even more say yes. without apology without hesitancy and just stare into. their eyes and say yes i am the doctor right. and pause and keep eye. contact or you can be like you think. i'm the nurse well if if i was a nurse. would i be able to. do this and then quickly. do surgery on somebody just grab somebody from the hall. no no no no no no no no no no no no no on the person. no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no open. heart surgery no no. please no no no no no no no no no. no you did it okay. you're a good doctor okay okay. all right guys hello matt. and chris um my name is gage. so here's the situation what is his name. gage gage gag or cage gage. his name's gage. gage hey i'm gage yeah he's gauged again. he's gonna look because that's crazy. dude is gage i don't want anybody else engaged to. her gage with you he's a mortal. kombat gage wins all right let's go gage all right guys hello matt and chris um my name is gage. so here's the situation i just got really high. took two edibles and i was blasting. nirvana and i went into. a planet fitness oh you. mean i had a panic attack. oh you made it come out. to the car and so i can't drive. and i can't work out. so i'm just kind of chilling. here and my first thought was to. send you guys in a video. because i've been wanting to. do it for a while but i've been too shy. so uh [ __ ] uh i guess my question is what do you do uh any advice for when you feel very very sad. for a very long time. uh like that's just been my life. lately okay and it just becomes like a habit. to just feel sad. like how do you just get out. of a rut basically when when like you get very. comfortable inset rut because that's how i felt lately. like i've just been so comfortable. in my sadness that i haven't been wanting to. improve in any way i don't. know any advice in that regard would be very helpful. thanks guys appreciate you. jesus bye you break the cycle. you you're just high yeah. no that's a big part. of it you know. but one way to. you break the cycle because he's right. he said something interesting. which is that you get into. a rut and then the rut gets. deeper and deeper and you become so accustomed to. it that you sort of like lean. back almost like it's a warm. blanket into the sadness. because it's a thing that you know. you're familiar with it and we always lean back into. the familiar things that's why people who are traumatized retraumatize other people move. forward in life to. traumatize other people because it's. what's familiar but what what you're doing. is pissing me off. because you're just sitting there. texting i forgot and that's traumatizing. me yeah yeah but um what. i think it's it sounds a lot. simpler than it is because obviously being in a rut and being sad. all the time is shitty. and hard to. you know correct for but i think that breaking. the cycle is important but but forcefully and with purpose. break the cycle for instance if you're sad. every day uh day in day. out take two edibles and go to. planet fitness things like that will help. you get out of your rut. it seems like this might have done. the trick he's sitting there. he's smiling he's laughing. and he's calling us well. he's high yeah but that. is what i'm saying like [ __ ] you got to. shake yourself up okay. if you're in a rut whether it's sadness. or just melancholy whatever it is. you gotta like shake. the [ __ ] up so that when you resettle your perspective. is even slightly shifted because you can't. just trust yourself to. be like okay i'm not going. to be sad. right this is not how it works. we lean into whatever. we are familiar with and if we happen. to be in a familiar with sadness. period of our life we're not going to. just snap ourselves out of that. you gotta shake your [ __ ] up i mean. it sounds like you're on. the right track with the two. edibles planet fitness thing. but you know i don't know. yeah i mean i would be careful. careful using substances to. try and get out of that. situation but you know. it's fine to. do that but uh once. or twice and [ __ ] but uh yeah i think that uh well he's doing things that are good going to. planet fitness working out exactly doing things that help himself so that's good but um he's overcoming his shyness by calling into. us yeah a bunch of good. things i mean look he's sad. i understand it's sad. sometimes and that's good that. you at least know that and you're you're you're you're you're identifying. it um but yeah what matt. said was right i think that you know. that's a good idea i think that's a good. idea yeah just [ __ ] shake. your [ __ ] up shake your [ __ ] change change the usual. when i'm sad day. in day out i usually find. that i'm doing the same. things over and over and it's like i'm upset. that i'm sad but then i'm not doing. anything different any of the days. and it and once i realize that you change. [ __ ] up you act a little bit different you do something different one day then the next day you do something else and the next thing you know you're suddenly not as a different person suddenly you are feeling a little bit better. and all you need is that. one little rope that's dangling off. the cliff that you grab suddenly. you're pulling yourself into. robins pulling yourself up pulling. yourself up suddenly you're standing on the mountaintop like this. and suddenly the world is yours. and you're not sad anymore. oh you need your rope. look you get your rope. all right you gotta find the rope. okay if a little bit dangling rope. you pull it you pull yourself up you pull yourself. up you put yourself up. you get to the top. of the mountain where you. want to be top. mountain and you gotta be screaming. uh now don't lose that. hunger right because the only person more hungry. than the wolf on the top. is wolf on the bottom look. at the top that's pretty. good that's what he would say. okay so don't lose that hunger. just because you're on the top. okay my face is too big. go ahead my head entirely. too big hey chris. hey matt beautiful shot so i've seen this. guy started working at my job. recently no and and more recently. i've been having to. specifically work with him and okay. so we have to. kind of you know talk. with each other during breaks. and stuff and during the job. and he's got an mtv. cartoon he's not he has a bad social awareness. okay like he doesn't know. how to read the room. why does he have. like people that have worked with him. before had said the same. thing and now i'm experiencing. it i understand what they mean. like he just he'll talk. about himself or one. topic for like beating it to. the ground the same thing. over and over and you're like i get it. like we're it's been 20. minutes and it started with me. like asking him about a sandwich. or something i'm like we've said it. all like i don't know what else we could. possibly be talking about right. now about a sandwich but he just i don't know. he just has like poor awareness. and i'm bad with confrontation. so i'll just sit there and let it happen. and i'll try to. change like change the subject. but then he'll then we'll just be talking about that. that thing for like 20. minutes so i'm kind of at this. place where i'm like i know i have to. do something more i'm not sure. what because like i said i'm bad. with like i guess calling people out. on their ship so is there. a way without being a dick. that i can tell him. like all right like okay. that's we've talked about that. for a long time or you know. without completely dismissing him you know. like sometimes i'll get on my phone. like to purposely be like i'm not. interested and he'll fight. this is fight club keep talking and it's just uh so i need to. say something so just anything that you guys come. up with would help thanks. it's you okay but hang on hey it's you dude. he said the same. thing nine times and it's [ __ ] three and a half. minutes in this is a common. theme among people calling i'm bad. at confrontation but there's this thing that i need to. be confrontational for you have your own. [ __ ] answer in your in your inquiry. you need to. be confrontational and you're not going. to be a dick. the fear is always like oh i don't want. to be a dick. those things are not synonymous confrontational. is not the same thing. as rude or just like shitty. or uncaring or whatever you can be confrontational. and kind actually confrontational doesn't necessarily imply a kind of rudeness. tell the guy shut the [ __ ] up well you've been saying the same [ __ ] thing rude over and over again who the [ __ ] would want to. listen to this did. you ever think about that. okay that's where you're gonna. get fired and also these people well first of all it's you but let's say it's not you. right these people will will will go towards the weakest. link okay so explain that they will just they will find the person. they can talk to. like this okay they don't do it. to me bro. unless i let them i go. hey what do you really. do though come on i go. like this oh yo you've been talking. about that for way too. long you do i do yeah. 100 i say i got the information. and you're saying the same thing. right that's what i do. uh and it you i get not everyone can. do that not everyone back when people do [ __ ] like that i do because i like to. be confrontational and i also like when people talk. for so long about certain things you like really weird. people boring weirdos yeah so maybe you could give them. advice for how to. enjoy it because if he's not. going to confront somebody. if you're not going to. confront them you got to. figure out a way to. enjoy it so either. confront them like i said not. as rude as the way i did. it yeah or be like him. but you like really [ __ ] weird annoying. people why don't you try. this this is what i do. why don't you try. asking more questions in depth about the thing. that they're talking about and see if you can pull interesting things out. of the boringness because that's what i do. if a guy's gonna talk about sandwiches. for an hour i say so what about the bread. do you like and they say oh no. it's just good yeah but what is it. yeah don't accept good. no don't accept these [ __ ] answers. you want to. talk talk [ __ ] you've been talking an hour yeah so what what what what are your top. five favorite types of cheese. right monster okay so now we got something to. work with right i don't know i don't normally. think about monster right so then when did you first have a sandwich. do you think oh my mom. used to make sandwiches. and then we get into. the car by your mom. what happened with your childhood. dude all of a sudden it's an interesting. [ __ ] thing maybe that maybe maybe maybe not if not then we learned something about your mom's friends. maybe somehow with your mom's friends. who knows what the [ __ ] happened. we learned that you like the same. show i liked when i was a kid. oh now we talk about the show. and this is interesting. to me you like whose company whose company. i think you should uh who's the boss. just get real with them. and be like you're like stunningly boring. yeah you know yeah miraculous. you are stunningly miraculously. boring how is it what do. you like what what's going. on when you when you're talking to. me but you have to. actually be interested don't be a dick. it is a dick. thing to do but if you're genuinely interested the dick. meter goes down significantly. so if you're like look i'm really genuinely curious how are you this boring yeah how do you think it's good to. be saying what you're saying. yeah over and over again. i'm genuinely curious yeah now. obviously that's very rude. but i'd like it i mean. you don't know if he would take that. rudely he might be like well if you really. want to know the truth. and then then we're cooking. with gas yeah if somebody told me. you're being boring but you're talking about. this too much i go like this. dude you need to. know this this is stuff. that's not actually boring it's for instance. what if i'm talking about like what. i like about pants what i like about pants. you really know how to. be on me um and so but like yeah. and so i you uh i think people don't know what they're interested. in this person is probably not even. interested in what the [ __ ] he's saying he's just talking to. talk like diary of the mouth. you can't handle that talk to. me about what you're interested. in that's why i say when you're asking the deep. questions about the boringness. then the deep [ __ ] will come out and then we're both interested. yeah maybe that's riskier than just straight. confronting actually it's way less risky. confrontation can turn into. fighting oh he's not but i'm just saying. it's less risky okay all right. next one hey guys so huge fan. here from texas it's such a soft. voice okay so i am. a new mom i just had a baby. boy 10 months ago. congrats and since then i have been a stayathome mom. which i love doing i love being home. with my son um however he's almost one now and i've been wanting to. start my own business so i've recently. started a small candle. business and i have all my product the website's up. and running now my only question. is what is the best. way to advertise my product. without being too pushy or annoying. so what really gets your guys's. attention and makes you want to. buy a product when you see an ad. and any advice on just starting. your own business would be greatly. appreciated thank you guys thank you. well photo shoots i mean. you got to get a [ __ ] bang. and photo shoot right. and your market is obviously to. women no guys go out there. and buy candles unless they're soft. as [ __ ] so you're gonna buy your nice photo. shoots with like pinks and lavenders and do. that [ __ ] light them up and make it nice and get an instagram page. and then hashtag all the things that everyone likes. like you know candles uh ambiance titties. whatever the [ __ ] you want to. do but people will get the stuff. you know what i mean. no what you really don't. what you need to. not do and i need everybody. to not do this. jimbo's is this don't. try to be funny. in your ad anymore i'm going. to put a moratorium on people being funny. in ads why it's never funny. well and that what that makes me. do is never buy the thing. that's being sold to. me commercials are always bad though. it has honestly nothing to. do with that that's why directness is is is the best. thing right like this. is a commercial no bones. about it yes that's what i'm saying. here to show you. this thing photo shoot. because it's good right. photo shooting tagging the things. that people want like put the [ __ ] photo. shoot up with the nice. lavenders and the pink [ __ ] dimly lit you hashtag it. candlelife you know moms wait. what is candlelight candle life. i don't know that'd be a hashtag. call a candlelife that's yeah. but i'm saying hashtag ambiance you know. uh uh spit sharing the stuff. that people click what is that. what even is that never mind. the stuff that people clicked you know. and then oh look this nice candle. one in the middle of looking at spit. swapping like oh oh well actually that's actually a nice photo. shoot of a candle maybe i'll get that she only gonna advertise on. pornhub no but that's just the stuff. that people click you know. i see what you're saying. like um what do you call. it uh uh uh ambiance screwed up. she should have said the name. of her company i'm gonna i'm gonna email her. and get him okay get the name. and get the candle life. you said by mistake. because you definitely weren't trying. to be smart. because i'm gonna give her a free. ad candlelight is a thing and the land. of life is kind of a cool. tournament but that's my thing that i created. so now we're giving it to. her you [ __ ] [ __ ] i want to. have a candle take that. like you know like a nice dinner candlelight you should probably something. like that but kendall she likely. already has a name for her. company i'm not saying name your company. that i'm saying that's the hashtag. that's something and unintentionally good that you gave her you didn't need to. i know you didn't mean. to i do mean to. i do i do that. stuff good no but yeah that people like right. scented candle oh bbw by. the way what is bbw. big beautiful woman oh really oh wow. i didn't realize it was so clean. this is like a clean. term i i assumed it. was something disgusting. yeah exactly yeah bbc yeah bbc. is also a thing yeah that is that. too yeah oh i don't i don't. know what bbc is business. big black [ __ ] yeah okay yeah oh my god i said the magic words fall. big black car why. is that happening i don't know. what was that i don't know. we have to bleep. it all out but um all right. dude oh no he said it. next one [applause] he's still being the [ __ ] the whole time. what up chris matt. um this is andrew finish eating come. from kansas city i'll be there. in march man yes [ __ ] first off uh when i'm in like a conversation with someone i want to. start a conversation i don't want it. to be boring. i want to. start it right on like a hot. topic it looks like sandra burner and um isn't it this. is just one of the many. things i like come up. with oh wow i was thinking about when you drink when you're super thirsty. you go to drink something. the right way to. drink it for people usually. just drink it and chug it. but that's not the right. way oh take a sip. first get the thirst quenched and then drink another one. a big gulp so you can actually enjoy. it and you're not so focused. on getting your mouth undry. oh you didn't want to. be boring huh my friend and my buddy's just like it's not that. he doesn't agree but he says who cares. like who cares if that's a rule. or not yeah yeah he says it's more boring. that i'm saying that rather. than if i'm talking about like say like i don't know. the weather or something but i don't think that's how it should work and i was just wondering um what you guys. think about that like wait is it. where do i come up. with certain rules. like that because they're that. is the right way like he's not changing. my mind but okay this guy i don't know there's one of you. guys talk on that. for peace thank you dj. quas dude i want to. know how many people he's killed dude. because he's definitely killed at. least three people why is he talking. like he doesn't have teeth. when he has teeth because he has was he eating. no also what was the question. is the question was would what. was this question i don't want to. be boring and that's the thing. i don't know boring. i want to. talk about the things and so we drink uh sip. is hunting most people. think you just drink it. but then instead what i think you should do. is drink a little bit. of a sip and then let it go and then drink more of a sip. and that's when you taste. it so to. preface i don't care about. that and i'm just like but these are things you should care. about and the weather talking about the weather. is better than that. so what do you guys. saying about that dude. what is he what what bro. i think i think his question. was there should be are there rules. are there unspoken rules. there are i don't know what the [ __ ] the question is he's saying he he wants to. have conversations with new. people this is what i think it. is okay he wants to. have he wants to. talk about stuff that's not just like hey what's up. what's the weather like i get things. like hey what's the best. way to drink it. yeah i get that sure. even go on reddit though. and then his friend said that. oh this guy's on reddit trust. me you can't force that though. yeah no you can't be like oh who cares. about the weather let's talk about the best. ways to drink drinks. yeah how you doing man. hey what's up what's your name. oh cool my name is uh kevin um how when you drink. a drink do you do you probably. just drink it straight up yeah. dude so i got this thing where you take one. small sip and then you wait. and then you start drinking so anyway and then guess what guess what you're never gonna foreign. [music] [applause] dude what the [ __ ] that might have been the worst question we ever got who who wrote also was that you who wrote that or him no no he wrote it okay good well. i don't know well yeah maybe he's got a selfawareness or something. about this guy does. not have selfawareness so um well that was great. we love you we'll see. you in kansas city. for sure chrisley dot com. i mean you know sandra. bernhard and mick jagger had a baby. and it's that guy sandra. bernard looks like me. jagger out of baby. eats a boy um wow. that was amazing bro thank you so much. for your call i wish. there were more calls like that. for real i hate how when people young. i know but that's why i don't look. i don't look when people yawn. i look away because the sound is enough. i go like this you want to. go like this no no no. no no because they're not making me. yawn just because i've been looking. dude cool let's go. another one what's going. on chris and matt my name's nico. huge fan of the show. hell yeah um chris been. a baby since day one. but i actually have a question. about um a proposal. so i'm thinking about getting engaged to. my girlfriend going through the ring process now the whole nine. yards but um i want to. know what's a great way. maybe a unique way. to propose to. my girlfriend more new york. city there's obviously a lot. of great spots but there's also like companies that charge like four or five. thousand dollars to do. a proposal i mean wouldn't make it then but not gonna do. that but um definitely want. like pictures of it and yeah and it just to. be nice special no restaurants. or sporting events anything. like that but um would love to. hear your guys advice and hear what. you think um keep doing what. you're doing and life rips. i think i know i have a good. idea i've always had this in mind. but i've never been able. to do it because it's like uh i've never been married. and never asked somebody to. marry me if i did they would surely. say yes but yeah well i mean you know so you just get on. one knee and you say somebody stop me. and then you say will you marry. me why would you do that. i like that movie the mask. remember that but that's not romantic. at all okay fine both. of this smoking no that's that. actually would be the worst. way to propose. i can't think of anything. worse maybe [ __ ] on the rings you say smoking. and then you say will you marry. me i love you yeah. and but she doesn't hear the second. part because she left she's already driving oh okay. well what's your [ __ ] great idea then uh uh the fir when i was married. first the first time i was married. i've been married twice this is my second and in tears. this story then it's cool. and it's all good and it's fine. but uh i wanted to. do it in a memorable. place and a memorable area. and a memorable time. so i went into. the oh wait no oh my god. doesn't remember wow that isn't what. i did wow that was when i first told her. i loved her wow jesus. i thought that would have mixed. it up it was 20. years just lie a little bit though. so all right so then i went into. the middle this is when i first told her i loved her. no this is how you propose. dude it isn't though i don't want to. lie i i thought it was and then no this is the first time. i told her i love it. oh okay well you had a whole. thing about like yeah wow go okay. go i went uh and dro. we were driving i pulled. over and in the middle. of um an intersection and i walked out. into the middle of the intersection and i said hey i wanted to. do this for a long. time in a memorable place. um but i i i every building. i picked i was like in 20. [ __ ] 30 years the building. probably would be a different building. or a different place. or demolished or whatever. and i know this intersection will probably be here. for a really long time. so i wanted it to. be symbolic of this and i said and i love you and people were honking. and driving by and so i'm gonna go move. the [ __ ] out the way. but didn't i thought that's how you propose. marriage no it isn't i thought. it was until i realized it. wasn't that so your big. [ __ ] line well this was super [ __ ] liar this this you did 20. years away dude you did. propose that way okay. in the headlights you you. pretended like something was wrong. with the car yes and that was after. the movie we saw a movie. and we pulled out. of the drive the the driveway. and i didn't know how to. do it um and so i just pulled. over and i was like i don't know how to. do this and i showed her. the ring in the um in the uh in the headlights. and then she came out and she was crying. and then we and then she said yes she came out. she was crying because you had abducted. her and then she kept running. no no and uh and so yeah so that was the i mixed. it up but it was 20. i have bad memory it. was 20 years ago. yeah i have a worse. memory but do you yeah what's my name. is crimps no not crimps. that's not even a name. um so yeah i i don't here's the thing. i don't think you said. no supporting events and no restaurants. and i get that yeah i don't think that's ever. really a good idea maybe if you're both. that kind of person okay. no but no i i don't think so but you had to. do what's good for you. um i think it's nice to. just do a romantic thing. like um you know i get it. if you don't want to. do it at home but something like a park. is great oh i gotta go. or if you do a picnic i. got a good one. so all week like complain. about a pain. on your lower back. oh my god my back's been. killing me my back's been. killing me and then like a few. days in you tell her ah you know. what it might even be like i don't know. but you just take a look. and then you bend over. and pull your pants down. a little bit and you have the ring. in your [ __ ] matt what i did. not know that that's where you're going. and that's so bad what did. you think i was going. to say you you said my back. hurts and you keep having to. kneel down to. like do some back. exercise until she doesn't suspect or expect yeah and then a week later you do it and she's just like oh he's gonna stretch his back and then you pull out the ring and she's like and you say my back wasn't hurt. all along see we came up. with it that was a collaborative. event that came up with it. no i had the first half. but your second half was gated all. of it and the ring is in your [ __ ] it would be you what do you say. it would be unique. it'll be unique yeah like your butt. your butthole's a ring holder. yeah no i get it just go. down face down with your butt. up put it in there. and wait for her to. walk in the door you'd. be there all day. then your back really will hurt. yeah yeah and then and then and then when she comes. in when she walks in the room. just be like will you remember me. yeah because your face is up. against the floor no do like ace ventura. with your butt cheeks. but then the ring will. go boop in your butt. no you're right oh no. i lost it yeah we're gonna have to. wait four hours but i have something to. ask you bring me. the xbox no but i think i think as as long. as it is personal. to you and her like something that yes both will. remember and cherish as a memory. forever like if you like both like michael buble. and you go to. a michael buble concert. don't do it at the michael. buble concert but do it. afterwards in a nice place. right or something like that. yeah but don't talk about michael buble. yeah well he's good i mean. oh okay well then never mind. or the [ __ ] guy daniel bedingfield. i don't even know how that. is you know that song. i mean what are the lyrics. i'm gonna get through this. i'm gonna get through this. oh okay okay you know i do know. that yeah i'm getting it. i gotta get through there. all right we good yeah. i think we're good dude. we really figured that. one out so we figured all them. all out pretty much so far. thank you very much he says that's last one. well um the [ __ ] guy writes that's the last one on the smallest phone. the smallest font dude. i don't need my contacts. in um so i fixed. it now it says that's the last one. a little bigger so uh uh yeah i'll see you soon. san antonio uh louisiana which is new orleans. and sugarland texas i'll be there. next week and then i have rhode island. new york and also chicago. milwaukee salt lake city get your tickets. at chrisley dot com and get your merch. at lifelinemerch dot com the oneonones with matt. delia i'm at delia dot com. get him save your life. change your life save your life okay. and then if you have any questions. to submit to us click the link. in the description below or just go. straight to watch lifeline dot com. yep there you go. there you go and uh that's it. and subscribe to our channel. thank you very much elvis. [music] 