 this episode of congratulations. is brought to. you by the cash app do you want to. get paid five dollars and also give five dollars. to charity well right now. if you download the cash app and enter the reward code congrats you'll receive five dollars and the cash app will send five dollars to. the times up legal defense fund. isn't that great mmhmm. the cash app is the number one. finance app in the app store. and be a good person. download the cash app and they'll send five dollars and be a good person. download the free cash app for ios or android now what up shout out to. mr. green who made that feat and it keeps it. fresh with some new congratulations intro. beats green hip hop on twitter. and instagram i think but the guy was out. here last week visiting and hung out. with him he has a real underground. hip hop producer he's done some mainstream. stuff mainstream stuff too but the guy. is uh one of my favorite. hip hop producers man he's so good and he produced. my favorite album ever for with chang. smith but yeah butters is breakdancing when you know. when dogs itch their back it. looks like they're breakdancing every time. they do that i think it. is song by joe budden. that's like pump of a pump pump of a pump of a pump of a pump pump it up burnett man ain't no name oh dude that song you know pump the pump pump pump of a pump of a pump of a pump pump it up how many times as he tried to. say pump clump up a pump pump pump up up up pump pump pump pump pump pump it up that well it up so the last two or two so that's 16 times trying to. say pomp hey joe budden you stuttered. so yeah it's episode. i don't even know what episode. it is episode 52 that's a whole. year that's a whole. year worth that's a little with his shows. baby um so it's amazing. it's amazing and i thought i'd do three episodes. or four episodes. and then be done but we got a whole year. and we're going strong and i got some footage. up on my app the chris d'elia. app if you go and check it out. on the in the store. you can log it you can get it. and log in through. your phone number or through. facebook or through your email. and you'll see some behind the scenes. footage with one fire we try to. keep them under wraps. but oh my dog. is dragging his across the carpet. man dogs don't give a huh. they're naked all the time. and how up is that the dogs. are naked all the time. and they don't know and they can people come over. and they're just like well what's up. and then they run to. the person and they're naked. as animals and humans are. different now man that's one that's one reason. that's one way they're different. so let's see i know. what happened actually a few. weeks ago i um no not a few. weeks ago the am i talking about wait i just got a coffee. and there was a guy playing a guitar. outside on the thing and what there's like i would say. like outside and patio. is playing a guitar. i would say like 5%. of the time there's a guy playing a guitar. outside on a patio. of a coffee shop. at any given time that's so up. i know we've talked about guys. playing the guitar i hate the guitar. i hate the way. it sounds putting the dingdingding that's annoying. to me i hate it. i hate the rock. version i hate the acoustic. version even more but that's an instrument i don't. like i'm like a grandpa that. was i'm like a grandpa. that was a grandpa. in the 60s it's just like i don't like this. but i i watched this. documentary called blurred lines and now. is it stupid that they called. it blurred lines because of the viral. video that came out the music. video that came out six years. ago called blurred lines. with robin thicke now naturally. yes it's very stupidly called the blurred. lines is about the art world now and naturally is that very stupid no yes it's naturally. very stupid now i know some people be. like what you called. your special man on fire. now naturally that was 20. years ago that movie was and it's also making fun. of the movie naturally shut the up. before even started so naturally. just shut the up before you even. start okay but i watched. the it and it's about modern. art and it's about and i and i and i watch it. because i love knowing about art. don't know much about it. but i love like like learning. about what artists are. good and what artists. are bad and what people think and like that and our basil or whatever. the you know all the pretentious that. go to art basel with you. with their tinted sunglasses at night and silver. hair how artist is it. to be 50 and have tinted. blue sunglasses it's artists. anyway they were talking about the difference between the difference. between artists that are recognized. in history and then the flash. in the pan con artists. that are just like recognized. during their generation you know. and there's this there are these like i mean. they were showing so a lot. they showed a lot of art. in this documentary and i think i i think it. comes down to this okay. look there are movies that are made and this. is art and and buildings. that are created that if you make a building. you're tech you have skill. okay if you create a building you have skill. if you make a coherent film you have skill. alright if you make a beautiful piece of art. you have skill now that's why. it's easy to. tell if like in the renaissance. like if the art was good or not because there was some sort of realism to. it you know modern art. took it all and people started. smearing feces on walls and was like this. is art now i think it comes down. to you have to. have some level of skill. obviously it doesn't mean your art. needs to be pretty at all. i mean beauty is subjective. of course but if there's some level of skill to. it then okay if there's zero level. of skill to. it take a train really far. away okay this thing right here the rock on the car. there's a mercedesbenz someone. dropped the rock a huge boulder. on a car and put two eyes. on the rock now is there. a level of skill. involved with that now unabashedly no you know why. cuz you drop the rock. on a car now you put eyes. on it was it. was the rock heavy to. lift yes did you get a crane. do it prop does. it does it does it. does it is it hard. to [music] blow up. a big oversized beach. ball and put it in a room. now unabashedly no okay do you have to. have a lot to. breath yeah do we all have lots of breath. do we all have lots of time. to do that if we're gonna get paid. thousands of dollars for that. beach ball now unabashedly yes however and how about one time. like cuz there's the thing picasso that doesn't look. real it's not realism but it takes some level. of skill to. do it it looks interesting. no does it take level. does it take does. it take any sort of skill. to put a bunch of action figures on a bust of obama's. head now unabashedly no does it. if did they make the bust if they made the bust okay. that's hard to do that. takes a level of skill. if they found the bust and put gi. joes on it now unabashedly you and someone will pay that. thousands of dollars religion dude i saw on the art. basel one well i actually don't know if it was our basel or not. but they had i mean. my dog's happened so i saw an art basel that they they were selling. these rocks that were about the size of somebody's chest. on top of each other and each rock. was painted a different neon. color and there were four of them. hey you're gaming this. is talk about gaming. the system bro i don't think you'll find i don't know if it was our basil but there it. is wait no no that's not it. but that's what it looked. like that one on the bottom right. dude talk about gaming. the system it wasn't that. big it was like a mini version. of that talk about gaming. the system dude oh man. these guys are marketers there. are these guys that are like this. guy makes these what was the guy's. name who was like this. he's like this older. guy and he that way. he made that one that ballooned that big. balloon on the upper left. that's the guy what's his name. jeff koons yeah that guy there. is skill to. that there is skill. to what he's doing but he sells that. he made a big blow up. popeye that looks like this. glass fire and he using firing. glass to make it and so and and created it. the guy who owned the wind casinos said he wanted. to buy it for twenty. eight million dollars and when he heard that he priced it. at sixty million dollars imagine buying. a big popeye for sixty million dollars. imagine buying a big popeye. for sixty million dollars and one of the reasons. why he made it 60. million dollars is because when he said popeye when he eats the spinach and becomes strong. popeye is like how when the art world. something about how the art he made a some sort of analogy. when the art world when there's money involved in the art. world then the art world becomes yaddayadda and everyone was like uhuh get your white. linen clothes and get the out. of here and take a train. to busan man dude. you're a idiot man. not not jeff koons or dean. koontz i keep thinking of the artists. i write or the the author. they write that's every thriller. with one word and it shattered. dean koontz book named shattered jeff koons. makes these glass sculptures and this guy is just murdering it. dude he's worth 100. million dollars he's worth 100. million at least that guy has some skill. but some people put will put like a chair. in a room and be like that's eight. grand hey man i got chairs. in my room you gave me the system. that's amazing do these idiot these new. money come in because all what. happened was people inherited money. and and that's how it was for a long. time like you came from like a lineage of people. with money and now you've got these people who can make money in like ten. years you got people who have bitcoin rich. and they're like they're walking. in like uh this is beautiful. and they'll buy the rocks. on top of each other because definition. of a cuda man if you buy rocks on top of each other. for thousands of dollars you're a coda. plain and simple you are. literally going because other people are going it's amazing. dude herd mentality babies get gunk. people are looking at these whatdoyoucallit exhibits. i want i should come up. behind him and him in the ass. oh oh your nose has already faced. it the same way as my nog. convenient slip whoopsie and then people go. out and then other people come up and like start taking beers like oh this. is if it's amazing. they think it's an exhibit because i'm a guy. in the ass and i'm just like it's like the art. world it's like the art. world and then and i just go like this. jeff koons made this hey this costs 11. grand you want to. send your house for 11. grand in the 48. mm make the check out. to chris d'elia. man this guy's looking at a blownup. popeye let me enter him. burp give me a thousand. bucks thanks the art. world doesn't keep up with the demand. that's the other thing so you've got these artists. that are like oh if i don't put something out this. year for art basel i'm gonna be irrelevant. quick paint for rocks put them on top. of each other for real and then these idiot cudas. will show up and be like hmm. have you ever i guarantee. the most a group of people. touches their chin is that. art basel in whatever that is the moat. there's never been more people touching their gingers mmhmm. then in when our basil's going. on oh i see what he did. here how annoying would it be to. stand next to. somebody looking at an artist. art just like oh i see what. he did here how annoying. would that be oh how annoying. is that the world you know. dude look up some bad. art look up bad. art our basile bad art oh my god there's something there's a dollar sign that somebody made there's a look at look look look at oh who's the girl. that was an art that. makes that she's just like hung up. naked women like actual naked. women you see here's here's the thing. she hung up actual naked. women and she would there would be as expanding on. this wall with these like planks. and they'd be naked. and their tits would be out and it's a disrespectful. how i'm talking about it. yeah it was naked. but the tits were out. and it was hot. and yeah you liked that one. piece with the titties out i want to. go to art basel and do that. yeah you see the exhibit with the girls. with date wood they were on. the wall and their tits were out. i liked that one that's my favorite. one it's much better than the blown. up popeye cuz i like to. look at it because of the tits yeah the titties. are out there big and you can't touch. it but you look a look. um should disrespectful of art. basel but um so and then at the left. and then in last exhibit it. was like her and she was standing on the thing. and her titties were out and that's ridiculous. to me but she's like revered. it's just she's this woman and she's revered. she's his artist and she's revered. and she did this one. exhibit and every now and then the person like that. does something that really can. kind of touch you and i guess. or it speaks to. different people in different. ways but here's the thing if you're a idiot. you look into it. you look into it. you're an idiot if you look into. it and i know that that's the smart. thing to do a lot. of people think like oh like you know. but yeah let's see what. the artist meant and the artist. and this and that like nah. either speaks here at does it. cuz she did this exhibit where she sat. in a room in a room. for like days or like it. was like a bunch of out. was he at least 24. hours or something i don't know. there's a bunch of hours. way too long to. be sitting in a room. and because she's famous. everybody was around her videotaping. her and like watching and like they had critics. and like oh what's this. new exhibiting and she was just sitting. there and her old goal. was to sit there and then different people. would sit across from her. and could experience this okay. now sounds like piece of but what happened. was a former lover of hers. from years ago came and sat. down and she started. bawling and he did too and that was crazy. now call it art call. it not art whatever you want. to call it but what me up. was it was like that. her old like basically love. was the only thing that interrupted what what she was. doing and that is crazy. she was crying and he was crying. and to think of these people's history together. and i thought about that. since i saw it i'm asked a lot. on video but i thought about that. since i thought about that. since i seen it almost like every other day. and that me up. that like love was the thing. that that that that like broke. her from her exhibit that's it. right there what's her name now. of course her name is something. like maria anna marina abramovic. abramovich abram ovitch now of course that's her. name and of course she looks the way. she does because that's what that. woman would look like and that's what her. name would be her name would never be jan. smith you know marina abramovic anyway. anyway she had a tits all out at the end. of the exhibit she had the she was standing on a wall. she had her tits out i really like that exhibit you know a1 we're walking. in our basil one please for the i wanna. how much is it. to see the one. with the tits i heard the woman. wit where's the room with the girl with the tits in it i got singles i don't know but then you got people like what's his name shia lebouf hayes a shadow labeouf for shia lebouf and he did the thing where he's like i'm not famous and he put a and he did the same thing you know so it's like shia labeouf a genius an art genius oh the artist is present is what the marina abramovic thing was uh anyway that art world is crazy i never been our basil but it's a while it's a wild thing i just these guys it's all this is to. me no you know. what was that what else was funny. was they were talking about how it's like a lot. of it is like thievery and and like there should be regulated. like there's no regulation. on the art world like there's no there's no union. in place or like people saying like people pay just way. too much for art and like that. and there's no there's no what do you call. it there's no regulations on it. but but they were saying the government doesn't give a because it's like the top. 1% like no poor people are. involved so that's why they don't give a they're like yeah. they have billions of dollars. would be a while they're trading. each other's money which is so true. these dead to. themselves but i like art though i want pieces of art man you know i like art but i mean you buy they were talking about one painting that was three million dollars and they were 15 years ago and now it's 60 million dollars imagine if you should have bought a place in dumbo now it's 2 mil million but the jews bought it dumbo dude i could be an artist like that if i ever did something like the artist is present and i sat down i would just be sitting there and then somebody would sit across from me and i'd be like this guy you know look at this piece of and then i would start roasting them oh come on dude or like deta have a like a handicapped guy come like just for the of it because you're like ooh let's see and i'd be like ah come on you had to. be all pc and or some baby. that somebody would set their baby. on on the chair. and it would start to. fall and i go to. save it and i'd be like you got you. up my exhibit you piece of or exhibit would sit down. and i'd be like oh as is crazy. it's like the inception. of exhibit this is my exhibit an exhibit of a dog. we thought we'd put an exhibit in your exhibit it's the happiest. thing to talk about as a comedian. is the pimp your ride. you know we put a fish. tank in your car but he did it. how stupid was that. show exhibit exhibit was the exhibit just give up exhibit had like some bangers. and then was like done let's do pimp my ride. done how much is exhibit worth look. up exhibits net worth how. much you think exhibit is like and i know this. is always wrong but it's got to. be what eight million. dollars what do you think three. million yeah yeah that probably makes sense. because he was on he put that show. ran but it was mtv. mtv pays you $7 and airplane. peanuts mtv gives you $40 when you're on. a show exhibit you know x z. i bi t exhibit publicly mad. about the meme that they made about the the the pimp my ride. you know yo dog what is it. yo dog i hear you. like dogs we put a dog on a dog. dog yo dawg i heard you like i mean. so many of them but why. would he was publicly mad. about that dude imagine being publicly mad about. a meme bro you did. basically that show was a meme. like how are you not he's just mad. because now he's not recognized. as a rapper or an actor and you just recognized as a meme oh yeah you made it worse dude. how come people don't realize if you if you get bullied. or quoteunquote was not. believe if you're getting made fun. of the worst thing to. do is get upset. about it how do people not know. that that are like 40. how do you not know. that that just feeds the trolls. being made fun of his hilarious. and it's fun it's part. of the culture exhibit hates exhibit meme. how about that for a 2000 what do. you call it headline. exquisite a culture exhibit hates. the meat that man you make a meme. about you get a meme bro. you get a meme made about you you. know how much you know how much you know how much how many times you get to. do the horizontal mambo you. know there are girls out there. that dudes because of their benot the guy on the meme. you know who's that guy. that that's this guy dude. who's that guy that's this. guy on the meme he was like the first meme. 10 guy why. is it called 10. guy salads are like plant. nachos grass is like the fur. of the earth marelize leakage wanna so dumb. that guy's face you know. that guy got laid. cuz he's the meme guy imagine being that. guy look up 10 guy. guys look up 10 guy. imagine being that guy you. know what's weird is that guys like 40. now you know ice. just floats around in its own. blood that's one of them. imagine being that guy dude. i mean who is that. guy they need to. make it and you know there's a documentary. about that guy that's on like amazon. prime ten guy documentary you know that guy's guy but that's the thing. man you become a meme. that guy who blinks a lot. he's blinking this much when he's getting now he's oh my that's how he busts is. a nut oh that. that guy's famous dude. like i can never make that. face again hmm and that was years. ago right drew scanlon no no's. years ago that that video is. from a years ago. i think maybe no i don't know. anyway one fires give me all. the incorrect information yeah dude. so crazy i got nominated for a stream ii. was it called or no. a shorty award yeah a shorty award. so go vote on that. best snapchatter guys they got nominated. for a shorty award best snapchatter i'm up. against chrissy teigen and i don't know. someone else and some other people that i don't know. and then also other people that are terrible. but uh show you boys. some love who's hosting the shorty awards. now i don't know but anyway uh that's cool. i'm gonna read some ads. here you ready cash app hmm the cash app is the number one finance app in the app store probably because all of the babies and the cult have been switching. or is it because it's the best. way to pay people. back friends family coworkers anyone really sending and receiving money is totally free. and fast and most payments can be deposited directly into. your bank account in seconds. the new cash card that they have which is very cool. is a black debit card that you can. design yourself via the app and it allows you to. use the cash that you keep in the app. anywhere you want you get notifications. for all payments made with the card. directly via the cash app and you can laser at your card. to personalize it and it will be delivered directly to. you for free if you download the cash app and enter the reward code congrats you'll receive five dollars in the cash app will send five dollars to. the times up legal defense fund. and that's important to. us over here at congratulations. you want to. get paid five dollars and also give five dollars. to charity download the free. cash app for ios or android now quit if you're a person with a mouth hey dude quick quest you a person with the mouth you got no mouth are you like are you like keanu reeves when the guy takes his mouth way in the matrix uhhuh your person with your mouth you most likely you don't brush your teeth for a full two minutes or change your brush on time or brush twice a day if you're disgusting. clip gets that so they've designed the perfect. electric toothbrush quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs. just the right amount of vibrations. into a slimmer design. at a fraction of the cost. of bulkier traditional electric brushes. it's great i have one i use it. all the time i take it. on the road and it's very sensitive to. your gums which i like because i have scentsy gums. and because of the thing that cleans your mouth. should also be clean crisp subscription. plan refreshes your brush on the dentist. recommended schedule delivering new brush heads. and every three months delivering. new brush heads every three months. for just five dollars. including free shipping. worldwide most toothbrushes don't get named one. of time magazine's best. inventions of the year. but clip did hey sorry. it's trying to break. you guys the news but clip. did find out why clip. starts at just $25 and right. now when you get when you go to. get quick comm / congrats. to get your first refill pack free. with equip electric toothbrush that's your first refill pack free. at get quip calm / congrats spelled ge t qu ip comm / congrats my favorite me undies you want to. look good with your significant. other on valentine's day right. dude think about that man. this valentine's day coming up. check out me undies matching pairs. a unique fun gift. for you and your valentine. that's a great gift. that's a great gift. if you're gonna go you open it up. hey this is what gonna wear we're gonna wear on. valentine's day i love you sweetie. it's a perfect balance of comfortable. fit when you're out at dinner. and then you come back. you take off your pants. from a romance time and you got some exciting. prints don't give the same. old gift you get chocolates. and all that go to. me undies comm and that's the best mat. and find the best match. for your match i love it. i think it's great it's also cute. to do that me and these are the most comfortable. and fun undies you and your significant other will. ever own three times softer than cotton soft. valentine's day get your partner. a gift that's for both. of you order by february. 5th at 10:00. a.m. for free standard shipping so you're a gift. rob arrives on time 100%. get satisfaction guarantee me undies guarantees you. and your significant other will. love your matching pairs. or your money back. get your 20% off of your matching pairs. free shipping and a hundred percent. satisfaction guarantee go to me undies. comm / congrats that's me undies dotcom / congrats this will be the best valentine's day gift that you will give start matching your bottom half. to your better half. go to my undies calm / congrats right now yeah sit that's it i got tampa coming up i'm gonna be in tampa i got one a few tickets left on the added. show on the late thursday. show but the rest of it. is sold out and i'm working on. an ounce in my neck. my next tour i'm doing. the artwork and getting it. all set and i am going. to be hit in the country. man and i'm excited about it. hmmm i was at the pasadena ice. house this past weekend. man the ice house is awesome. i did four shows there. and it was great you. got to get out. to that club man. that room is so cool. holds about 200 people it's very intimate. and and it was great. man my love i love doing standup. man i love figuring out the whole new. hour it's just so fun when i started doing standup. when i started doing standup. i was like i was literally like a switch. went off i was like dude. this is what i this. is oh okay it makes sense. who i am now in the business. and i think about that. all the time the dude. i the government shutdown which is amazing. because it's not blockbuster the government shutdown which is amazing. because it's not we're we're a house. music remember that place. where house music. with a bi compact this. there and trump was like in 2011 was like hey if the government shuts. down it's the president's. fault and now the president. his fault according to. his own words i saw a guy. on my youtube channel that commented i used to. listen to chris d'elia. on i used to. listen to every episode. but now i don't because every episode. he bashes trump blocked him. i got a trigger. finger block finger baby i'll. block you understand dude am i a lineman am i a lineman. am i an off dude. i've been losing sleep over this. last thought am i a nose. tackle because what happens. when some when i go online. and look at comments i block. so i think i maybe i'm a nose. tackle dude i will block you if i'm. in a mood that's the best. part you never know what. crystal he's gonna get hey man great job i roll emoji trigger. finger block finger am i dude. all of a sudden i became a nose. tackle all of a sudden. there's a cloth tucked into. my waist hanging over my all. of a sudden i got shoulder pads. on cuz i'm about to. block you and guess what the best part. about getting blocked you never get unblocked. and i mean this unless you get cancer. and write me and say i'm dying. and i have cancer and i need then you need to. unblock me because it's my dying. wish or you stay and blocked have you know how many people write. me oh my friend got blocked. he doesn't know why oh really. if he doesn't know why. even more blocked fav you know. why more block fav because you just willynilly. talked and don't remember dude. you made your bed lay in it. your bed has a nose tackle. in it you're blocked following. me anyone is a privilege. it's not a right it's a privilege. that's why it's a privilege. if you're a part of my cult. it's a privilege to. know the address of the log cabin. do you want to. know where the trail is. that leads there act accordingly. do you want to. sit indianstyle with me outside in patchy grass. wearing the same thing as me. then don't talk and enough with the i roll. emojis i put this tweet that. kind of got a lot. of tweets retweets sounds so. old guy i put this tweet that got a lot. of retweets and it said this. it said this uh here we go. here we go here it is. okay i wrote it really. worries me how offended everyone is about everything. nowadays everyone wants to. be on the side of whatever. makes them look like a good person. online there's new ones. it's not black and white people. can be right and wrong. at the exact same. time and then in the followup. tweet i wrote get off. your keyboard and go. start a charity if you mean. it if not then stop typing and go shopping swimming exercising whatever the makes you stop whining like a child. with no cookie i swear. to god you're going. to ruin comedy and then society and some idiot chick. wrote back to me oh. look the guy who's the guy. who start on whitney is worried. about ruining comedy. and i retweeted her follow. me on stage and we will see when comedy. gets ruined now after that. she shut the up because she knew. it was best for because she the congratulations. baby dude everyone for a fact. after today slammed and like everyone's throwing gifs and this. girl got hit by a wave. this guy put a slam dunk. thing she like people like and and then i looked at her. and it's terrible you know. she's one of those terrible. feminists that think that everything. is wrong what a guy. does you know which is hilarious. i feel like feminists are eating. themselves man like a hundred percent women are should have equal all the equality period no matter if you're black and white asian woman man who gives a you should all have equality you know but dude i saw a tennis of charity tennis match online and the guy that it was a guy in a girl versus a guy in a girl and the guy and the girl were hitting the ball to each other and not hitting it to. the women and somebody was like this. is toxic masculinity hey man. dude you're eating yourself you're eating. yourself you're ruining it you're ruining your movement. you're eating yourself you made people vote. for trump who hates women. [laughter] you're the problem you're the problem. man you can't eat that. just goes back to. the art basel thing. our basel thing if you're looking for a meaning. you are a cuda it has to. jump out at you man. if you're looking for a piece. to fit inside another. piece you're missing the point. it's like these people who look for a significant. other you're not supposed to. do that you're supposed to. let it find you otherwise. it's not real love dude. men and women are different. that's okay men are stronger. physically that's it yeah generally you know. there's definitely women out there. that can lift more weights. than me but men are physically. stronger than women if you want to. argue that sayonara you're a idiot. period women are better. at communication if you disagree. with that well i mean there. are men that are out there. that are really great speakers. and but like women are better. than at listening and understanding because they give a about. people more i know that. because i don't do that. i'm a dude that's like yeah. i get it i get it. i'm an idiot yeah you sure. sure yeah i get it. oh man i don't know i don't know. i'm just talking out of my ass. but my point is stop looking for the pieces. okay stop looking for the pieces. if you're just somebody with a keyboard. how about that look for the pieces. if you gotta if you're a doctor or if you went. to school for 47 years. but just because you hold. the sign and you got a short. haircut doesn't mean you found all the pieces. man hmm i don't know movements are great you know but they feel like they just eat themselves. all the time like like the woman's march. is great it's great. they need to. be out there and we need to. be out there and support. that i just feel like so many of them. don't even know why they're there. and i guess it doesn't matter. if the end result is they get what. they want or they get what's absolutely. needed but it's just so. funny man like like the me. to so many people are calling out. this girl whose name is quote/unquote. grace that called out aziz. ansari and they're saying like hey you went. on a bad date. so many people feminists are saying. yo you're ruining the me. to movement because this was a bad date. and you consensually blew him. and then could have left a bajillion. times and didn't and now you're like he assaulted. me uh i think basically if you have if you willingly. blew someone and there wasn't a gun involved. yeah you know and nobody's blocking a door. get out and and and and feminists. and women and men and their royal issus like dude. come on help out. a little bit look if i keep going. down the same alley. and keep getting mugged you know. yeah people are like oh well don't victim. blame but also you avoid. that alley and you know. it's i'm not saying the mugger what. the mugger did is right. but come on you know. help out a little bit i'm not saying. what aziz his behavior. was gentlemanly but i don't know now. she like singlehandedly ruined this. movement i mean no i don't think she ruined. the movement i think the movement. cuz that movement is important. man we need these we need i dude. i want to. beat the out of guys. like harvey weinstein i hate. that i hate it. dude it there needs to. be some sort of leveled. playing field here when it comes. to the workplace. but dude you went out. on a date with in aziz. ansari and he wanted some it's the ageold. he wanted some and you didn't want. to give it to. him also why did you go out. with him cuz he's a movie star. cuz he's a tv star. he wasn't doing what you wanted. dating you treating like. a treating you like a real. person dude there's a door there's a doorman walk. through it i mean dude. he's okay i'll stop let's sit on. the couch and watch a movie yeah. see yeah okay maybe now he'll want. to date me oh he's touching my titties. again i mean this. is what everyone's saying upset. about and like that everyone i talked to. rolls our eyes at that story i mean. i don't know i know i'm around. people that i'm around and not around. super uh left people but uh yeah. it's just that that article and also here's the other thing. man if you're gonna call out. a guy for that. don't be anonymous you're trying. to ruin this guy's career. but like hey nobody knows i am not you need to. be subjected to. what the you subjected him. to i'm sure people are hating. what the i'm saying but i'm not excusing his behavior. i don't know i don't even really know. i don't know the guy. that well i don't know. what the how he treats. women shed i don't know. i don't know i never know. i'm always the last guy. to find out about like that. man when people talk people tell me what louie was doing i was like what everyone's like oh you didn't know. that i'm like no i no. idea i never know. that i don't know why. i never know that people could be like did. you know jerry seinfeld is a killer. and he's any and he has heads in his freezer. and i'd be like what a dick. oh yeah there was an article about it. in the 90s but they kind of covered. it up then i asked everyone around. it be clicks it's like census. freezers all around the country. he actually has a bunch of places. he keeps watch it he has storage units. just full ahead i don't know. you know kanye went to. art basel there's no way. in hell kanye didn't go. to art basel there's no way. in hell if i could bet. all my money on one. thing is that kanye. west went to art basel pictures. or basel kanye and obviously hit. images there is kanye's art basel darius hey what do you know hey how about how he named his son her son this is a girl chicago i say chicago west dude everything that guy does is to. get attention in the media. it's just like this is like unbelievable. everything he does is to. get attention good or bad look. at these articles on us. go up scroll up khloe kardashian. reveals how chicago west's nickname is pronounced. i couldn't think of something that i don't. care about less than that. who gives a how you pronounce kanye. west's daughter's nickname did imagine. caring about that and clicking on that imagine caring about that oh dude. i gotta know how cuz i'm gonna be talking about and i'm beep. embarrass myself shy oh it's shy. how about how his daughters. are named chicago and north what the dude. remember when gweneth paltrow named a kid. apple that kids got to. be 35 now or some apple. paltrow but it was with him. was probably apple martin no. because she's been doing it. with chris martin apple. martin sue how old is. she now 13 wow yeah. 13 years ago but when people are like wow they got old as i get time. happens oh so better names. apple huh it's stupid these are. the names you pick casey kent. ralph j jane robert matt. david dan rebecca lisa you. know what you don't name a kid. audio science well who was that. one shannyn sossamon girl girl and boy audio. science pilot inspector hey that kids. there's no way audio. science and pilot inspector isn't. going to go to. art basel when they grow up. dude pilot inspector just the visual. of what that is is like i imagine like somebody. like looking at a pilot. like lifting up their balls. and like looking under their armpits. and like okay he's good pilot. inspector how up do you have to. be to name your kid. pilot inspector and if you're if you name. your kid pilot inspector you better. wear a cape every day go for it. go for it you can't be nate. you can't be naming your kids. like that and and not go full. throttle and just like you can't. be naming your kid pile inspector and be like i gotta go to. a best buy today. and see what cuz i gotta get a cat. in a sim card let's look. at these names moon. unit zappa put ptolemy what these are the names. know how the poppy honey rosie. daisy boo petal blossom these are all. these famous idiots fifi trixie bell is that the name. denim coal band italy. their way oh those are dogs. well then what the it matter. here we go come on. what was it good you got to. go in too fast kid. that's one nakoa wolf manic kaupo nemec a hama moa oh that's yeah but that's like some that's like their culture. or some you know. yeah and like they got like they he's so hawaiian. dude have you seen. even if he's not hawaiian. he's wine have you seen that. video on jason momoa where he like. produced it and it's all. about his life and and he's just like throwing axes. at trees and and he and ended playing with his kids and he was just like talking it's it's so pretentious i i like jason momoa i'm. not i'm not even talking but that video is. just like all slowmotion and he's tickling. his kids and he's got paint. on his pants like a real guy. kids are my life i never knew what i had until i had kids you know that. kind of a vibe i'm all. about work i like to. get my hands dirty it's like that. kind of a thing and you keep waiting. for it to be like oh what's this. a commercial for and then it just ends. and you're like oh he just made this. and it went viral. and and and housewives are just like if i could only if i could only girag okay all right. here we go this is the worst. one i think maybe i mean. i don't know if it's worse. than pilot inspector that may be the worst. one ever but jermaine jackson has a lot. of kids okay uh these are all. those names okay jeremy okay. sure jeremy there you go. jordan fine but now we're getting. a little iffy cuz it's spelled. j o u rdy nnno. naturally you should unabashedly spell it jo r da and otherwise you complete piece of but he did it now granted he did it because he was molested as a kid that's the thing if you get molested as a kid you got a more chance of definitely naming your kid some up weird and spelling it in a weird way now granted lost subscribers by saying that but got to. keep it real for babies. you got to keep it. real for the babies if you get molested if you get molested you have a chance if you get molested you have a higher. chance of naming your kid something weird like moon. unit or spelling jordan jo u rdy nn jafar jackson there's one now begin aladdin. no your cartoon no name um tom mecca and medinah. alright mecca no medina maybe here's the one. though that makes me want to. throw myself down a flight of stairs. your majesty i mean come on. dude jerm a gist. e dude imagine at applebee's. and being like yeah four please okay what should i put it under your majesty if i worked at applebee's. here's where i would say no. give me another name i'll put it under fill'. and you just respond. to phil here's your ticker. when it buzzes come. over here phil jerm a gist. ii do names names. that are where you're like how do you spell it. nah roger cool rog. er no no it's spelled r. aw jay o r no no. you know what i'll spell it. rog er cuz that's raw. jour hello i am raj. our moon unit oh nick nolte's kid. brawley king i don't even know. these names are so. up wait hold on. stop it there across his three. marriages john cougar mellencamp has collected a wide. array of kids with headturning names. this is real his name is kid's name is hud hud. teddy joe justice but the one that takes the bitchass cake. wild horse that's his kids. name spec wild horse wow if i ever. meet john cougar mellencamp i'm gonna literally be like yeah hey what's up i'm chris hey what what's the deal. what were you thinking man. what's what what's what were you. thinking and he knows deep down. what i'm talking about that's how up. that name is he would say what. do you mean and i'm saying you know you know what i mean. man what what's the deal with. the whole thing with why. you did that and he'd be like finally we would get to. the point where he'd be like you talking about why. i named my kid spec. wild horse and i'm like of course. why did you do it. and then he would put his head in his palms eventually. and probably start crying and be like because i really needed. them to go to. art basel and that's how the only way. i knew that they would go. i needed them to. buy rocks on top of each other. i needed them to. buy boulders on cars i'm gonna read some tweets. here we go you got some one. fire he does one. hunter one hire did yeah. that's here's the thing going. to go back to. that one john at jma one. underscore thoughts on man caves now here's the deal it's for sure cool and fine to. have a bunch of your stuff. if you're married no you know. what dude here's the deal. if your whole house is for the woman. in the relationship but you get one. room to do what you. want with you're a you're a ass. all right it's okay. have a room that's a little more for the guy. but the real thing i have a problem. with is if you call it. a mancave it's a room. with your stuff in it. that's that if you say this. is my man cave. even as a joke you. can't be in my cult. i haven't heard this song this. guy's talking about drake's. new song god's love i mean. sounds like a drake song. more life is saqqaq you know. the name what do you think of birthday. cards with pop outs and the ones. that play music john lindros. gentleman draws one yeah no i mean. i don't know they're fine. you know i feel like sometimes. you guys are looking to. stuff too much that's not that. big of a deal i mean. cards are stupid anyway. you gotta write in it. and to say happy. birthday to somebody wrapping. gifts just put in a bag. how about that ass. way of putting it in a bag. and putting tissue over. it like you don't really give a about. somebody you know you're like ah here you go. here's a bag with some tissue. on it i don't really give a about. you i just cut that i had a bit. about that i cut it. out of my last special i think i don't think it's in there where it's about people. who don't wrap presents. they just put it in the bag. with sparkles on it and put pink tissue. paper over it you hate that. person straight up you you deep down. resent that person because you're like oh i didn't wrap. it for you at crystally. are you working any material. from the podcast into. your standup this is from william. rodriguez at we cried wc. rodriguez 55 yeah i guess i am it but that just so happens i'm not i'm not trying. to do it when i do that. it just ends up. happening like i talk i think i touched. on some australia stuff in my podcast. and i talked about it in the pot. and i'm on stage now because i was they realized that. i could turn it into. a bit but that's how i get material. is just from talking you know. with friends and like that anyway let me look and see if i had a most up instagram post. of the week you guys send. me great from that i love it. how i have it. saved in my instagrams as oh oh oh good gunk. now granted the internet. isn't fixed now the internet. isn't she pulling it up. now what the deal is now. here's a home i'm mad. i'm mad at one. fire because it's his a thing. to make sure my internet. goes really fast mmm here's a good. one here here here's a good. one do i like this. one okay guys you ready. from the most it's time. for them it's time. for the most up instagram post. of the week hey guys i don't even. know if i did this one. but i may have done this. one but i'm doing it. again dude this is so up. i don't think i did. this one it's his guy. and he's a fitness guy. and he's standing outside somewhere. with a shirt on in shorts. on he's buff and of course he looks like johnny. from the karate kid. this is what the caption is tell me. the story bro wait alright this is actually so good for most of up. most up instagram post. of the week but it's also so good for sephora instagram. post of the week alright. when guys look so american. but then are foreign it's even funnier. dude because it's like they're trying. to hide it and it's not. even their fault it's their face. this guy looks like he's from sweden. and also could be just a surfer dude. tell me the story bro. this story dotdotdot what story question mark. dot okay okay bruh hashtag. asia what the man ah i tell you something. yesterday evening when i arrived. in zurich first of all. asia and zurich for one. moment i asked myself period. if i just awaked from a dream. period was that real i mean dot dot the last week's was that real question mark question mark question mark fork. i cannot believe what this. trip showed me and bro. man it was no. dream all that really happened. i cannot believe what i just did. i never was in holidays. or travel to. anywhere and now i was flying. across the plane it's so crazy. to believe that an airplane. takes me 1,100 kilometers and so foreign without stops and then you get off. the plane walking period. walk into. another world period. i'm from a small town. man period well that's odd. i wouldn't guess that i'm a real simple. man all the crazy. things that happened on that trip goddamn brah cannot tell you everything. too freaky tio but i can tell you i'm like if you really want to. know how it feels like you got to. try it exclamation point so i tried everything that crossed. my way no risk no. fun huh happens but funny. shot as well bro hahaha. okay okay should be it for today. thanks to everyone who were. involved smiley face chakra emoji. but this is not the end. i got my supplements and now my camera. bro so i'm ready. to go again i'm coming for more and then a bunch of hashtags what yeah if this guy didn't kill. himself after this now safar n' so lifes. unraveling the most up instagram. post of the week dude. this is his life's. unraveling it's unbelievable dude. how'd you find it so quick. yeah dude i mean so funny. and i wish you saw the post. because he's got he looks like johnny. from the karate kid. okay wow dude just wow i gotta go. all right that was a great. one i mean when i first saw that when i was having good. guys got so many followers alright i gotta go but you guys thank you so much for listening and here's the deal. download my app and also check out. my website square couch wait. check out my website for the dates. coming up i'm announcing the tour. soon square square cash have you switched. yet download the free square cash app enter rewards co congrats. get $5 give $5. times up get it for ios or android now. your tour coming up. subscribe to the youtube. channel watch the videos for the podcast. subscriber rate and review do it. and tell people about this podcast. because um i don't give a if this. isn't growing i'll stop it straight up not even threatening. just will tampa win. a pick tampa win. a pick out calgary saskatchewan cleveland. working on dates. coming up for denver. chicago all the good ones. seattle man i'm firing corrigible. watch mike white male black comic on common. sense calm i'm on the show. the pilot of it. alone together and i'm one or two other episodes. but thanks for listening you guys. are the best and i have an announcement. coming soon to. project one but you guys are great. thanks to my babies. remember unabashedly [music] 