 runk hello hello hello yeah it's all good. so i'll be in colona coming up. here february 9th i mean. the most chill way to. so if you want to. come out cool if not all. good welcome to. lifeline everybody it's episode i don't even know what episode. number is is it5 95 95 the year. i was born 1995. not true episode 95 lifeline we love doing. this we love that. you're here we love being here. what do you got to. say well i was going. to say join the patreon. for lifeline luxury and you get more episodes. definitely patreon dot com lifeline. luxury definitely do but i will be in vancouver. chrystal leia will be in vancouver rochester new york. kitner ontario you know what i actually added. a bunch of new dates. so go check it out. uh go to yeah uh rapids fort. wayne indiana sagen never been. to that doesn't know where it. is dude michigan yeah no i do apparently. it's a somebody was saying it's a it's a big. gay area saga mhm which means it's nice. they're sagging off. their pants and you know doing stuff. with each other's penises that. funny but uh charleston south carolina. chattanooga austa i don't know. if i've been to. augusta georgia but anyway i'm going all there go. get tickets at chris dot com. they are on sale right. now and check out matt's new podcast. private record um the privat. record dot com uh i saw the second episode. is that guy's story was wild. hell yeah dude oh yeah. episode three coming out this. wednesday uh someone's dad affair. with sisterinlaw someone's dad someone's dad. had an affair with his daughterinlaw. for years dude okay that's the craziest that. might be the craziest that's the most soer episode. you know i me that's porn. but okay basically porn yeah uh so go check that. out and go to. watch lifeline dot com if you have questions. or uh you want to. uh submit and then you got the merch. there at lifeline merch. dot com and then also you got this. merch here at chris. dot com lif rips can i touch. it yeah and 80s. song can i touch it. um can i touch it. can i touch it can i touch. it that's how it go. that's how it we go. that's a good song um anyway. dude i already drank a magic mine. but with magic mind you. drink it all the time. at the beginning of the episode. because it gets me. going but everybody likes it. anthony drinks it likes it. chris drinks it likes it. everyone likes it because it's good. it's a good product d. june i like it um my hair. rate it we kind of match. uh that's a nine what that's a nine. for sure that's a nine what's that. from i don't know it. sounds like it's from something. though right june shaking a lot. june stop being scared of everything. dude she wakes up and it's just like oh oh no. oh no you're you're a scary. guy dude no it's not me. it's not me i woke. up today it's okay jun cy. was in my bed and he said good. morning oh that's so cool yeah um and and so anyway i i woke. up and i i didn't want to. get out of bed. and i did and then i drove down here. and it was and it was uh raining and the rain. sucks thought it was going. to be a long time. to get here dude. got here so quickly so that's good. you early yeah and then and then i was going. to i i was like kristen. i said can i take your car. because my my car's in the shop my mercedes in the shop. she was like no because i have to. take calvin to. school and i was like oh yeah okay i didn't want to. drive my really nice car. downtown yeah so i'm like um maybe i'll uber but then the alarm. went off dude christon hit the snooze. button and and she didn't get up. and i was like calvin's. not going to school. oh really yeah so so now i got so i got her i got her car. which is basically my car. too but dude. when he's older that kind of thing. is going to be like the best. d well he woke now though he's probably like take me to. school dude i want to. like yeah but but so he loves school. but he today he woke. up and he thought it. was before school it. was already after school. cuz she was in bed. when i got up but i mean a christopher nola movie what is happening. it was yeah so confusing. before school but it was after school. so when they woke up woke up it. was after when they should have woken. up okay right right. and uh i'm in the shower. and calvin comes in and just goes and then runs and goes in peace. and then um and then uh kristen said um he said good. morning he said good morning. and i and then i said so i guess. he's not going to school. i could take your car. and she said yep and then kevin said i don't want to. go to school. today already so it worked. out for everybody yeah everything worked out everybody's. happy she got more sleep. kevin didn't have to. go to school. and i got to. drive the car that's good that. everything worked out at your house. cuz i woke up real anxious. really just dude it was one. of these it was anxious. you know just roll. out of bed how how many days out of a week. or like what was the percentage. you wake up anxious. honestly lately i ha i can't even believe it but lately. it's like six out of seven. days of the week yeah. i had that a few like a month. ago it was every day. i woke up anxious. is there anything better. than a like you don't realize it. but you come out of a period. like that and then one day you wake up. and you realize you're not anxious. and you're like oh my god when did this happen. it's awesome why did i ch. how do i make sure that never happens. i try to. i try to. understand why because like okay i had i was doing the road. and waking up anxious. when i get home wake up. anxious i got home from albuquerque. and then i i i i went on stage. at the improv in hollywood. and i had a great set. it felt so good and then i had another great. set i did two shows. there and then i then after that i didn't wake up. anxious anymore h and it. was just because like i felt so good. that i was at home. i had my family and i wasn't on. the road and you know. i just had a good night performing. it it also wasn't my crowd. when i went up and i was you know. i've been performing for my crowd. a lot you know but like when i'm a guest. it's it's and i do well it's more satisfying because sure who's yeah. these people david lucas it. was his show yeah oh but anyway it was it was awesome. and and i haven't been anxious. since although it's probably right around. the corner oh yeah it always it. always is here's another good thing. hit my head uh about three month. i would say maybe it's two. months ago okay in a in did i talk about it. here i hit my head. on the um i don't know. you definitely on uh in in a sprinter. van had a shelf in it. i think we did talk mention it. you told me i don't know. if it was on the show i think it was on the show. anyway we don't have to. get back into it. not a big deal but uh and not interesting. but what is interesting. is every now and then since then when i move my head. like this every very now and then somebody shot me. in the back of the head. lightning rod dude one time. light rod sword from the top. of my skull shing down. into my through. my long how long ago. was this two months. ago like i said just now i wasn't listening. to that part it's interesting. so two months ago. and every very now and then i'm talking about every five days days. it's just crazy and it never happened. before yes dude and it never happened. before and you and you get older. and you experience pain. and it keeps happening. and it's never going to. end and that's great dude. and it was all because i just [ __ ] we we pulled. off to the gas. station to go pee. pee and then we pulled. back on and i [ __ ] hit my head on the shelf in the goddamn sprinter van. so who are you going. to blame it on because you're not going to. blame yourself i'm not no i'll blame it. on probably i think it. was denny's fault denny probably. had to go pee i think it. was either denny or lulu i can't. remember who had to. go pee it might have been sam even it. wasn't even you who had to. pee no i never have to. pee dude i'll tell you what dude. i never have to. pee when i'm traveling it's the craziest thing. what about normally always okay. but what is that that's really weird. yeah it is weird because dude. when i do my zoom. meetings i have like men's groups and [ __ ] i'm i have a zoom. meeting sometimes i have therapy for hours. right i got to. pee like three times during. the the the session does. it have anything to. do with the fact that you know. you can't pee when you're traveling. so you think your brain. does a little bit of may. maybe maybe it might i thought about that. yeah it's crazy though i can't believe how much. i pee do you how much do you wake up. at night in the middle. of the night and pee i mean. i'm peeing right now. uh wow i wake up. uh i dude weirdly i used to. wake up like two or three. times now either one or zero when was that d when i wake up. the amount that i have to. pee oh dude it like in the past. year it's gone it it it batt it's like at war. with my desire to. stay in bed yeah it's like it's like it's from filled. up to here with piss. exactly any slight movement it might even come out. you know cuz you got to. use a muscle you're talking. about when you're in bed. when i'm waking up any if i get out. of when i'm getting out. of bed it's like i move. like this to get up. and it might like a little bit might come. out cuz i oh i'm talking about oh i thought you talking about something else what did you think i was saying the amount i have to. go pee now is it's like my bladder grew like the grin's. heart oh maybe i don't know about that. that's not me yeah. that ain't me that ain't me. that ain't me nah. n b but dude i i can't believe dude. i'm there and i'm going. i'm like oh man. i'm like oh man. i got to stop peeing i'm. tired oh man dude and it. keeps going i'm like surely. it's done soon and then it's not i'm like oh dude. i just want to. go back into bed. i'm just waiting and just tinkling it's crazy. by the end you're just like fully awake. cuz it took so long yeah. and it's and you know. what it does pisses me. off no pun intended but nice dude. but um i hate waking up. to pee and i do it. it's always like at 6:00. a.m. i i wake up and i i go. i'll go before i go to. to bed and then if i still haven't been in bed. in 30 minutes i'm like let me. empty it out let me. top it off you're you're on. top of emptying it out yeah. dude always at 6 a.m. i. wake up and i'm like every morning. i wake up and i think should i go. do it or should can i sleep. again h i think i'll be all right. and then i wait like 20. minutes i'm like got to. go yeah you always you always should. go but that's why i want to. have diapers well don't no one's stopping you. i thought you i thought you had i do i piss the bed. they go so far they go. everywhere that it's not enough so get a it's not enough. mate get a bigger diaper. i need a bag i need a colostomy bag. that's not what dude. if i slept with a big big the diaper. big enough would be so big i'. would be like bah boy. i mean like i need you'd roll. into bed yeah i need i need a somebody got to. make a big diaper not for uh seniors bet. i bet they do no. make a big diaper for 40yearold but i bet. there's big diapers for great. big fat people that you can. get even though you're not a great. big fat person i want to. look into it if somebody knows leave drop a comment on lifeline. somebody knows for sure um lot of doctors listen. to the show so let us know. are they made to. put to just have like a full piss. no no the dep pens. for seniors are supposed. to be just for little leaks out. of the penis well why even bother. if you're going to. make i didn't know that. i got cuz i got the heavy fl. not you why bother. i'm saying why bother. they make them if you're g. to make a diaper. let it hold the whole. the whole show i mean. but just imagine pissing like a half. liter into a [ __ ] like what's going to. hold that evaporate it evaporate. it evaporate but that's what i'm saying. so it up soak it. up soak it up. soak it up evaporated evaporated evaporated soak it. up soak it up. soak it up matt okay. um all right so i was going. to tell a great old. story about hitting my own. head but you know what we should start. let do we'll do lifeline luxury. all right cool so um sign. up for that uh dot com. is a wild head head. hitter story yeah it's actually utterly hilarious. but yeah oh okay. to horn totin what's up matt what's up. chris need some advice or an opinion. um me and my wife have three boys. we don't really want more children. uh we don't want her. taking birth control cuz that. turns her into. a psychopath so i'm thinking about getting a vasectomy mhm. what's your thoughts on it. i'm like 90% sure. i want to. do it the other 10% of me. thinks no don't do it. you're a man you need to. make breed reproduce for as long. as you can but that's the animal. part of my brain i don't really know what's your thoughts. on it got the appointment. scheduled oh the operation seems really awkward. but that could turn into. a funny story later if you want. to update so yeah get a vasectomy how do you feel about. it let me know get a aomy so you can tell us. how it went no uh i mean. i think do it you can't. you reverse them nowadays. can you yeah definitely do it. it's also from what i understand. extremely extremely not invasive for what it sounds like yeah i i i couldn't do it for the reasons he's saying or you just don't like the i just don't like the idea of i get that it's just weird to. me and and i i don't mean. it's weird if you do it. i mean for me i would feel weird. i get that like i i i just i can't. wrap my head around it for some reason. it might be stupid but i just like man. yeah i mean it is a really really really common. extremely lowrisk thing yeah well it's not about. the risk it's not oh no it's about h. but that's my stuff that's you. know what i feel like that about at least. surgery like everything for every reason. i should get it but i'm like those. are my eyes well for lasic for me. it it the risk. is the thing that scares me. that's it is there much. risk involved still yeah it's not even the risk. it's like i mean i guess. it technically is but yeah it's just a weird. thing about my eyes no. uh my my balls thing is not. a risk thing it's uh it's uh but that's part. of me and that's weird. it it's in a way. it's like when i didn't want to. start taking medication because of my ocd. i was like yeah but i well that's kind kind of what. he's saying he needs himself. to be intact in this. way because that's how but it's not a mate. mating thing sure it's not a you know. i don't think it's a biological. thing for me in my head. yeah um but yeah if you know. you don't want kids and your wife. isn't going to go. not i mean i i agree. she shouldn't if it if it really. messes with her her mind. and and brain and the way. she feels definitely don't you. know obviously she shouldn't be this. seems like a simple solution. cuz again you can undo it. and plus you already have three. kids yeah you know. you don't want kids you know. you want to. be with your wife you love. you have a great situation. obviously you want to. keep going you know. what i'm saying so like i mean. the imagery that's up on they cut the tube like that yeah i could never no way. let's see wait leave it. out the glands okay so the glands. of the penis is going. like this the scrot under that does it. is it cuz my penis. is much bigger than that. so does it like it hangs way. way way below my ball. this i don't get this. this is like this doesn't apply. to me this is way. this is more like yours. no this is way. too small if you have to. this is i don't even understand. that okay so hold. on uh what they saying. oh the vast they actually cut the cord. i oh the vast difference. is divided no that's not. the vast difference okay. so all right so that's too that's too much. yeah but uh so so easy dude. if you're going to. do it do it uh and and and you should but uh yeah. not for me i i it. makes me feel weird even thinking. about it honestly. this is a horrible horrible. graphic this is so unclear. it's exactly how it you be wait. never mind i see it. now they cut it they literally it's exactly. what part do they cut where am. i looking to. see what the the a close. in circle uh what do you mean. do no there's a glare right. there i oh they put the lights. in chris put the lights. in the wrong spot yeah. he did he put the lights. in the wrong spot so okay. um all right so uh yeah that's so easy. dude get her get her done. hey say get her done. i i i talked to. somebody who had a um uh vasectomy and and he was like i did. it so i can have sex. with my wife and not worry about. it and mhm um and it's just e. e and and i was like oh that's crazy. he's like but i just love he he legitimately. was like i love having an orgasm. like inside my wife. so i was like okay. wow well well that is as direct of a good reason. as you could possibly get. so good for him i just realized what why. it's called a vasectomy because they're cutting. the vast difference thing the vast. difference yeah i didn't well oh i'm sorry. dr chris oh i knew that i i don't know you knew. that it's called the vasectomy because they sni the vast. difference yeah okay i mean okay i don't vast. and vas wow so just for vas. and vas i i don't. know i just think okay. man obvious i mean wow. you know what a vast difference. is yeah what why. we learned about it in school. okay man well you also learned. about a lot of other things. that you don't know anything. about right yeah yeah but but when it's about penis. iis i pay attention okay okay. i believe that anything penis. related you were very hey chris long time. fan of the show chris i'm coming. to see in vanber um reason. why i'm calling in today. is i was in my car. at a set of lights. uh the first car before. the crosswalk red light i'm just looking this. way and there's this guy that's crossing with a backpack. so i assume he goes to. school which i'm better than him. i have a career he's also. walking and i have a car. i'm better than him. anyways he's walking across the road. and he we make eye. contact he looks at me. and he laughs and covers his laugh. and continues walking laughing and looking. back at me and guess if that's been keeping me. up in this oh yeah. nice nice nice am i insecure. am i an idiot for days. after still wondering what was he laughing. at am i that funny looking. or is he the psycho for presumably. laughing at nothing with no. one around thanks maybe he just a great. wasing you know i this. stuff happens to me. all the time and i always think oh it's cuz they know who i am. or something like that like sure. like the like like yesterday. i was walking into. my car and somebody uh i walked in front of someone's. car i was i was the guy. in the situation the other guy. and they and they were it. was one of those i don't know like weird. vans that had like a huge glass front and they let me. go which is always kind of annoying. i think it's it's like just go cars. go i'll figure it out yeah cuz they're being nice. you got be like thank you. door open from too far away. yes exactly exactly what it's like that's the worst. so so as i'm walking across they flick. the lights which i'm like i don't know. it could mean anything right. cars coming watch out it. could mean go could mean high could be hurry. up could be anything and i'm like oh and then i see. i look because she keeps doing it. and she's going like this. and i'm like just a train. about to hit you you. know yeah yeah but i'm like like if it wasn't me. i would be like oh what's going. on but obviously i'm like oh she's a fan. you know and she was like and then she drove by and said i love you. and we got married. we so but um no but like that kind of stuff. happens to me all the time. time and i always default. to oh they know who i am they. either like me or hate me. right like no matter what like whatever happens. i judge it in through. the lens of that sure. being somebody that doesn't isn't like in the i i no. public person that would drive me. that would i have a thing. to be like oh it's that. if i didn't have that it. would make me go it. would make me go crazy. that like yeah you'd have to. be like okay i have to. let that go i don't think it. would bother me but i get it. and i i things like that. i always chalk up to. just like people are so wired so different and insane. too yeah and it's like who the hell. knows what was going on. in that moment like i i doubt. even hearing the reason would satisfy. you in any way true. and also they i you know. what i would do i think is i would think oh they were [ __ ] with me. that's what i would do. cuz i'm a little bit of a conspiracy. theorist yeah you are now. i'm starting to. be i want to. be more so to. like become more of one. in your 40s you know. i want to. become one more you're like aspired. to that hard yeah but you have to. really feel it i want to. really genuinely feel all of the conspiracies and believe all of them why i bet it's probably so stressful. but honestly no it's the opposite. that's why they do it. that's why they believe it. i free my mind easy. an just talk about freeing. my mind and stuff oh dude. you got to do. your own research and free your mind. yeah those people much like they have it figured out. there's nothing i'm a very very very extremely low. end uh i believe in like. two two of them. and one of them is. jfk and we know that's actually i mean. i think inevitably because there are so many there has to. be least a handful that that are not exactly. correct but are about things. that are definitely fishy and weird. right jfk is not even. a conspiracy you know it. it's more than one. guy okay what okay. what do you think yeah. i don't know i've looked into. it so much i used to. think for sure it was more. than one guy now i honestly. i i don't know and it's so frustrating. that we'll never know like come. on come on just let it. out let the documents out but they can't though but they can now [ __ ] it yeah they can they can dude what do they think the world's going to. like it's so stupid nobody even really would do. anything everyone who had anything. to do with it is dead. now anyway so long ago. i know i know i know yeah anyway. anyway i it totally makes sense. you're not crazy you're not even. you're not it's not that. you're insecure that you remembering that. no no i guess it could be i mean. if if yeah if you're beating yourself. up about it and be like oh am. i ugly but like right. yeah you know you could be like oh why. why is my right side. of my mustache running away. from my left side. of my mustache you could be like that. i don't mean to. make you insecure but that is what's happening. is that have any here. in the middle of his thing. oh you're right d and that's okay. the mustache is running. away from the middle of his lip. and itself his mustache. is going like this. [ __ ] [ __ ] those nostrils that's what they're doing yeah yeah it's also saying [ __ ] you to. each side of the mustache. one side saying [ __ ] you to. the other side so but i would say that. uh you're not insecure it. seems like honestly you're pretty. secure you seem like a cool. dude you don't seem insecure. all let me tell you right. now you're not somebody that you. look at and laugh at no. and and if you were i would know it. sure yeah but maybe you never know. dude it could be some like real. weirdo who sees a guy. that looks like that and he's like for like a totally absurd. reason when's last time you you have certainly looked at someone and laughed because of how they look right. i mean i don't think so i've done. it recently really i i i i laughed just like you. catch a laughing i don't think i've ever done. that yeah it made me. do i they weren't even that. weird looking or dressed odd. i just like how funny. that that person has a life and like look at what they do. you know it was just i it. must have been high i don't. i don't smoke weed. but it must have been high off. life or something high. off life is what you were yeah. smoke weed every day. we got another one. in the chamber hey chris. and matt um great you guys. and i have been a baby. a really long time. and then also i loved your old podcast. matt and i'm really excited about private. record and also next time i'm in la you better. come to my show. what her show well anyways i had a couple. questions for both of you guys. and they kind of go. hand in hand so i thought i'd put them. together okay my first question is about so i was on a date recently and um i got drunk. on the date and i ended up asking if i was prettier than a celebrity. and the celebrity in in this case. was taylor swift and so my date. paused for a minute and then said no. and then said why am i comparing myself. to celebrities and then said that. they weren't more than another. attractive guy celebrity and so it. was kind of it was a kind of little tiny. argument um and then my second question. was so after that argument i decided to. continue to. dig that hole and so i was like okay. well then what would you rate. me on a scale of 1. to 10 you really asking. for it and and then they gave their answer and of course. i didn't like it yeah you're not going. to cuz it wasn't a 10. everybody wants a 10 right. um so i guess my question is um is it. normal or totally a question. i shouldn't ask or anybody. should ask to. compare yourself to. a celebrity to somebody and then also is it. also another one of those questions. you shouldn't ask to. ask somebody to rate you. on a scale of 1. to 10 with attractiveness. what a great question. um would love to. hear your thoughts a great. question with a completely obvious. answer though okay go ahead. i mean don't ask you're not the answer. is you don't ask if you don't are. if no here's what it is. don't ask if you're not prepared. for answer you don't like like if you're on a date. with someone i i would presume you. really want them to. say 10 or yes you're prettier than tw. twiler sift and so yeah. don't you're you're really asking for it. dude imagine you're on a date. and you're just like cutting. thing so yeah am i better. looking than yeah kenneth br. you know he has no lips. those too you know. um dude i can't you know k. br has no lips what are. you talking about what are so. simple ken br has no lips. how does a person. have no lips well. i mean you know there's people with nop but he has lips you're you're saying. they're small they're they're on the inside. then i don't see them. really can we please pull up a picture of kenneth. br it's crazy it's like a simpson how could he have the career. that he has what do you mean. directed thor he's a big. shakespeare actor for his whole. life yeah yeah you don't need lips. to do shakespeare he's got i would argue straight up no lips. oh they're really thin look. at that is that weird. they're like just like on the isn't that. weird bottom andp they're like muppet muppet [ __ ] like it just closes look i'm ken. p you worse impression. yeah it's pretty crazy hey. man i never thought about that. you never did huh. it peaks a bit when he smiles. right like it's revealing a. little bit of pain mean. does it no upper one. zero upper one upper one's gone. bottom one reveals a little bit even look. at the one look at look at him. in the [ __ ] on the left. no no no lower i want. that one i want that. one look i mean. even that but again. a little bit on the bottom right. that's a slit that. is that is not he has a slit. those are not lips. that's so weird yeah the shakespeare one. you know anyway see the shakespeare one. please yeah for sure. see that one there you go. wow look at him there. it's awesome i'm going. to dress i got to. wear that yeah we should dress look at that. outfit he's dressed like he got wrapped. in curtains like he opened up the window. and had an accident accidentally um all right. so i mean even the [ __ ] collar um wild outfit huh. yeah i don't like first. of all why would you i don't. know like taylor swift that's such a weird. one you know like she's so famous. but i would presume that. she came up yeah i i would think so that's what i thought. she was like yeah look i i'm i'm sympathetic. to your cause but you can't. be asking questions like that if you don't want. the actual answer uh the problem. is you probably asked it. and thought i am prettier than and then when someone disagrees. which is obviously their right. you know uh then you're going. to dislike it even more. than if the person just said it. appropo of nothing right. um but the the rap. me of 10 thing. is like the most asking for it. thing that that there could even ever. be yeah so that's a big. no no to be like hey am. i more handsome than kenneth brana. isn't that crazy i guess. guess out of 10. is crazy though is what i'm saying. yeah that's really asking for it. so you just you ask a question. so i'm a 10 out of 10. what do you think i am. because anything other than that. is wrong but go ahead. would never go on another date. you know well i i that's crazy. to ask out on the first date. i think honestly yeah i thought she said second date. but still yeah we don't whatever. whatever it is we don't want. that we don't we don't want to. ask questions like that i mean. i don't know when when you say [ __ ] like like christian is always like like she'll be like that guy's so hot. on tv or something you. know and i'm like yeah or no. right mhm and sometimes. i'm like that guy's handsome. right and she's like yeah like last or to. you as a guys yeah as guys uh the dude. who plays negan on. um jeffrey dean morgan. yeah he's really handsome he's handsome. yeah um uh i watch the postcard. killings i mean whoa wow oh okay conversation. is that movie is trash. it sounds like i don't even. know what that is though. it's so bad and he's in it. he's in a lot and his daughter. dies in the in in the movie. like before the movie starts. like he's the guy whose daughter. dies and he's smiling the whole. movie it it it's so weird. he's just like wow looking for my daughter. and you're just like be sad. wow wow a choice you know he's he's handsome. yeah okay george cloney's handsome i have. a type those i was going. to say those guys are so similar. uh but also like i like other kinds of guys. too you know okay. but who then who does kristen. like she thinks we were talking about how he's handsome. the jeffrey what was his. name morgan have names. not three but yeah um so she thinks he's handsome. she thinks you know jason. mo is handsome which to. me he's big and handsome. but it's it's like what is he doing. with his everything so he's a bit much. yeah he's a bit much. yeah um just visually there's a lot. going on you know yeah i don't know who else is goodlooking. christian bale's cool looking cool looking. i would say i think michael fosin. is real handsome yeah he's yeah. he's he's handsome yeah she thinks. he's really handsome yeah. but he's like [ __ ] wafy he's like like super thin yeah i don't like that but i don't see i don't like musly guys wow we're getting well. they don't have to. be musly but he's he's kind of musly. in like a wiry way michael fender yeah. but like well i don't want like a buff dude. vince vaughn's hot oh okay. and he's not v now or back. well back down i don't know what it. looks like now yeah no one. does um yeah all right. anyway yeah anyways right okay next what's up. chris and matt i'm listening to. your guys' last week. episode and lady was just talking about how she lost 70. lbs right and people are saying she's skinny. and all this stuff and it made me think about the double. standard and what is appropriate. to respond with and typically. when someone says that they are usually. not skinny or bigger so. when they say you're skinny. can you say you're fats. or how does that work uh i'm you know. yaded and stacked so. it's all good but occasionally. people would be like oh you're looking. skinny and i want to. say well you're looking fat so yeah what do you guys. say let me know thanks. i think should i stop me if i've said this. before but i remember i was really young. you were maybe 16 so i was like 12. uh remember that dude. ken yeah ken kalahi yeah. ken kalahi i mean wow. what an amazing name. uh well he wasn't nice. this day oh cu. he said to. you you he's talking to. you and he's you guys are busting. each other's balls he said. you got a you got a big nose. and you said yeah i remember yeah. well you got a big ass. yeah and that was good. cuz he was a big dude. he a big dude yeah so the answer. is and i still remember that. however many years later many many years later. uh and i i think about that. because a lot of people my whole life. have told me i'm skinny. and none of those people that tell me. that are skinny right no skinny. person ever like you're skinny. they're just saying it because they're the opposite. is skinny which is called fat. and they don't like skinniness. in their presence and even though. it's not really an insult. to be like you're skinny. they make it one. so yes of course in that situation. someone in my situation can say. well what do you mean. you're fat right what what are we talking about. here you know what i mean. uh but yeah it sucks. all around it sucks that you even get put in that. position i hate this [ __ ] man. i hate when people do that. kind of thing also that guy. it looks fit that's what. he he addressed that okay. yeah and you know i just it's that's annoying. when somebody says that it's so annoying. i mean who who also i mean. we talked about this when the girl called in but like whoever is like you get you're getting. kind of fat no one. ever does that yeah. and and and why is it. like what is going on. that is so strange. that is culturally and socially. okay to be like you're too. skinny and not okay to. be like oh you're getting a lot. of weight yeah you're fat [ __ ] fat f. fat who fatty yeah um it's really. weird actually like the more you think about it. the weirder it is who dude. you you're getting ugly you're looking. bad when you get older. you keep looking worse. and worse could you imagine. i i saw someone the other day. they looked great i love. when i see someone that looks great. that they look better. than they used to. oh okay w bro. you look great yeah he really looked great. you know what he said to. me what no dude you look. great oh he had to. say that no i you know what i mean. i'm kidding but no you're you're right. though there is that but the way. he said it made me. believe that he was going. to say it anyway uh interesting yeah yeah interesting and let's let's not i look good let's not k. ourselves okay well cool yeah. great great great great everything's great. hey guys so i was staying in a hotel. um in a different town and i'm in north dakota. so it's like8 de um this. particular day so i came down. from the hotel started my car. went back up i had my kids. with me um we waited. probably like 20 30. minutes and we came down to. my car mhm as we're walking. out i realized that my car. is not in the spot. that i parked it and i instantly. got like panic you. know my daughter's like why' you. move your car and then i realize that. my car is just parked in a different. spot so i'm like weirded out. like i don't even want to. open my car door. like i have my kids is somebody in there. like what the heck's going. on um and as i'm like inching up to. the door this lady comes. up to me and she's like oh sorry. about the confusion my battery. died and i needed to. jump my car and whatever um no not. so i guess she just moved my car. to get like someone else's. car in there to. jump it and i just thought that was really ballsy. and like i get it. no appropriate i don't know. i wouldn't have done that. i probably would would have waited. for the owner and also she in my car. already why wouldn't you just pull the hood open. and jump it with my car. like at that point you know. no um i don't know and obviously i was just like oh okay. like reliev that my car wasn't stolen and like glad. that nothing's missing and whatever. so i just like played it. off but it really kind of bothered me. yeah i don't know what would. you have done in that. position no what do you. mean no just what they move. the car if they had to. move the car a little bit. it's not a big deal it. wasn't a little bit well. first of all i don't agree that that's okay. you can't just move someone. else's car also how did they do. that yeah if it no i think i think what she was saying. was it was freezing. so she went in to. warm the car up so the keys. were in there i think that's what she was. saying and then she went. back to get her kids that's what i thought. oh but it doesn't matter. i mean that it doesn't the principle. is still the thing however. i don't think that's okay. to do that actually i really really really don't you. can't if if if your car is in the way. and illegally parked it's absolutely okay. to do it okay. but that is that what that's not what i. don't know she she didn't she wasn't clear. about that she was just saying she needed. a jump and so she moved her car. so she used it. to jump the car right. no no no she didn't use. her car oh wow. i'm so confused you're very. confused she actually said she didn't. use my car she should have. and why did she move. it at all i don't we don't know. unclear well that's not good of her. to do that part. that make that part it's not. good to make bar. could but what i make up. in my head was that she had the car. somewhere the other person's car. was near that person was near. hers and that other person. needed to. get a jump so she had to. move that person's car. and put whoever was going. to jump her car where the other person. where her car was to. get to jump cuz she didn't want. to use that's why. she said why didn't you. just use my car to. jump now things are interesting. and i am a detective. for knowing that yeah i mean. that was good i was deeply. confused by the by her the question. but anyway that's i if somebody moved my car look if somebody had a mclaren i wouldn't do it. but if it was some toyota. or something i i would just do it. if it was a regular car. that anyone could drive i would just get in and move it. back a little bit and if someone did it. to my car i wouldn't mind. at all yeah you know. what you swayed me. yeah i wouldn't mind. i i unless it was like a [ __ ] highend car then don't do it i wouldn't do it here's here's actually what i'll say i actually agree with you now but when she was explaining it i was imagining myself in that situation. and i knowing me and i think obviously. a lot of people her. too there's just something. like that feels it's like a violation of i guess. stuff your space it's your car. and there's some stranger in it. like you didn't know i guess. so if someone called me up. in my room and was like can we move. your i'd be like oh yeah yeah go ahead. i know i understand so it's not about. the simple fact of someone. else driving my car or wanting to. it's just like you don't ask. i don't know dude it just it. would bother me deeply if it. happened to me but as an objective. observer i've been swayed by the case. you it's not it's just no it. wouldn't bother me it really. wouldn't okay but i would add still. again it makes sense if you were angry. but yeah it's not the end. of the there's also a difference between walking. up like if i'm walking. up and somebody's in the way. i go [ __ ] ah all right. i'm just gonna move it. i guess you know what i'm saying. then [ __ ] this i'm moving this [ __ ] you know it's a difference yeah yeah right because it's like the l. like oh i'm sorry i had to. i got to get jumped. i got to go. to the thing i'm really sorry. i didn't mean to. you know yeah it's not a big. deal no it's not a big. deal if the person's like yo. i moved the car cuz you're in the way. and then it's like what the [ __ ] are you doing sure. that's that all comes down. to but there's different people people. think that because you move. the car a certain because i don't know. whatever yeah no i think i think ul. my friend hit me with he. sent a picture and he was like dude. am i being a get off. my lawn kind of old man. or if i call the tow. truck company because there's somebody kind of blocking my driveway. but i could still get in oh wow. dude don't do that that's what i said. i was like you get out. and in who cares. yeah i said it's annoying. and they're parking illegally and it's on your property. but like write a note if you think you know you're not going to. catch him in the act like just leave a little note. be like hey like yeah that's what. i told him tow them. for a reason that actually isn't impeding on anything. i i do think it's annoying. when somebody parks like that though. yeah of course i agree. the note is definitely worth. doing in that situation but getting. some towed yeah uh oh here we go. but i kind of finished. it is it done. or what yeah pretty much. ttoo get all the way up i can't the shirt's tight. and it hurts say you're talking about. how buff you are sore. okay and and sometimes when you get a tattoo i don't know. if you know that you got two. i have two yeah um and you don't have big. ones right no they're pry smaller. right here um you feel sick. afterwards did you know that i did know that about big. ones no i didn't get sick. at all i have a buddy. who got actually just like that. got a big huge like beachcape whatever. like it was the big. view of the beach he it. was three sessions i think he said. each one oh really threw up. during it oh wow i mean. no i mine doesn't so i i can't. remember which one i did. i felt like [ __ ] afterwards. and i looked it up. and i like oh it happens. but oh you didn't know. you just i i think i didn't. know and i looked it. up but but last night. i i finished this and i felt fine. and i went home and i was like oh no. i think i'm getting sick. this sucks who was i around. what did i and then i and then i realized like an hour. later i'm like oh it's the tattoo thing and i woke up this morning. i felt great but it's like it. it really does make you feel [ __ ] sick. dude like sick in your stomach no. no no like fever oh. i guess that makes sense you're being poisoned when it. gets in your body right. yeah dude i felt like i had a fever. and i didn't well or i had a little one. from that but like i mean. i woke up feeling fantastic. but like dude it it it i i was like oh no. dude that's the worst. feeling it is in the beginning. of when you know it's coming. it's the worst and you're like can't. it just be 3 days from now. the [ __ ] worst it it it's worse. it's worse than being in bed. knowing you're sick yeah because the end. is sooner the worst. part for me is the end. is the furthest no from. now i i i agree. but the worst part about it. is when you know you're sick. and you're just going to. spend the day in bed. you cancel everything you lay in bed. and you go all right. let me watch tv let me. get comfortable sure it can kind of have a fun. element to it but the day. before is the worst because you still have. to do your [ __ ] and you're like i think i'm getting but am. i but i'm still going. to go to this meeting. they're not knowing it that is the worst. because and you feel i would argue you feel worse. even though you truly feel worse. when you're fullblown sick you. you feel it's it's so much. worse bro yeah i'm swaying. your mind a lot. this podcast yeah i mean you're making good cases i'm i'm an openminded. guy you it could be because of the magic mind. magically swaying your mind delicious uh. all right do another one. hey chris and matt i love. you guys chris ever since. you came to fsu in like 2018. i've been such a huge fan um. but i need advice on communicating with. little kids um i just started. my pediatric rotation i'm in physical. therapy school and i've never been around. kids before i don't have any little cousins or anything. like that this is like my first time. dealing with kids and i cannot communicate. with them for [ __ ] oh wow um i feel like i'm being so fake and i'm like what's your favorite color. and they just they could see the fakeness. and i really want to. communicate well with them because their therapy will be better. if we have a real connection. and i felt like my motherly instincts would kick in and they haven't yet. so chris what's your advice. you know having two little boys. did it come naturally. did you have to. learn it um yeah any advice is appreciated. thank you i think that you're thinking. too much about how they're kids. i knew you were going. to say that yeah you know. i mean you don't have to. be like hey bro. but like what's up. bro what up you know. but like uh yo do you see contagion. with matt damon but like but like you um uh but yeah you you got to. you got to have that. in mind but like you're not you can't. be like don't baby them. i mean i don't know how old how old she's dealing. with with i guess all ages. yeah i guess so but um yeah also it might have something. to do with you it. probably has something to. do with you you know what i'm saying. like like you probably feel a certain way. about it because of the way. either you are or when you were a kid. how people treated you like it's i don't know yeah. i feel like i mean you're probably way. better at it than you. realize i would i would i mean just hearing. her is like she's great. yeah and it makes sense. cuz you want to. be better at your job. but the fact that you don't have. any experience with kidss leads me to. believe that your gauge of whether you're doing. a good job with them. is a little off yeah. and obviously it's going to. take a minute for you. to to adjust but i kids. just like they're they're not in my experience. they're not like that complicated. whatever you're doing and your instincts tell you to. do it probably right. also you have imposter syndrome. you know everyone has that like they think like what. am i doing am i doing. it right and i'm not really you know. that's true but you know. who doesn't have that me. i don't have it who doesn't have. a imposter syndrome for. real you don't have it n i'm good. really i i should be doing the job. i'm doing that's not really what that. is though i know oh okay well i have imposter syndrome. you have no you just said everyone. know have a little you do. have it okay every yeah i think i think when people actually don't have it. that they're probably not that like good at what. they do it's like the uh dunning krueger. thing yeah you it's like if you think you're if you're the dumber. you are the less you realize how dum than. god i said i think i do have it. before you said what you said. that's amazing yeah well i knew you thought you yeah. i know you know so of course hey d hey dude it's all good. wow gonna fight me it's all. good and i have imposter syndrome. so i'm good at what i do. but yeah have you ever. at any point been like i don't know how to. how to connect with. not connect with but to. get through to i mean. obviously not billy but um no no phase of his i was going. to say career no phase. of his career as a child. so far not yet. no yeah yeah that's amazing. with billy it was a little different though. i mean he you know. he's 10 months but like yeah but like with with billy it's a little different because it's calvin. it it's weird when you have two kids. one kid the first kid. by besides the fact that you're in love with this. with this boy or or girl. you created whatever it is um you your whole life. is completely changed mhm. i turned my head my head just hurt. again because i hit the i hit the shelf. on the [ __ ] and yeah so that's twice one day so but but you the sec. when the second one. comes it's not a whole. life change sure so it's it's i went not anymore. but in the beginning i was like oh is everything. am i still good at. being a dad am i still because it didn't line. up it's not rocking. my world like it did. and and does that mean. anything but it's just because yeah it's more. of it it's not a difference it's just more. and and so and now now i feel completely. and utterly uh okay. about it because it it's billy is. his own person and it's its own. its own separate thing you know. but yeah in that way. it was weird for me. uh connecting but no not not now. yeah but billy's also the happiest. baby in the world it's really funny. yeah stop smiling i mean i've been around. plenty of babies and stuff. but like this boy. is just i mean he never stops smiling. yeah he doesn't stop smiling it's so hilarious. you they get that from me. no he does and calvin is happy. kid but he was always like this. yeah he's a bit more of a serious. i mean dude billy is just it's we call i i say. he's got a deadlift smile because it goes from nothing. to like completely lift it. up yeah yeah yeah yeah anyway it's hilarious. yeah he's a funny yeah all right. hi chris and matt i a new. viewer watcher of your podcast. listener and i am really impressed welcome by. the way i love you. i have a question. for you i'm from nebraska oh wow. and i'm at a pizza restaurant. with my boyfriend wow and at the end. of our meal we had the pizza. and i'm boxing it up. and the waitress comes with. our bill and those little andes mints. the green i know i haven't thought about them. in a while these i hate i have. the rapper uhhuh because my boyfriend ate all of them. he didn't leave any for me. he's being how do i handle this. you should thank thank you for being. truly you do i ignore. it or do i address. it thank you for being truly. you and front of me. you're comfortable as i am a little perur no. thank you love your show. keep up the good work. wanted an andy's mint. chocolate thing yeah i know you felt comfortable. enough in front of her. to take it them. all that's not what feeling comfortable. to take them all for himself. cuz he wanted them no. that's being a selfish. [ __ ] dude that's not that's not like gifting her like than you you get the trum me that's that's such a shitty way of looking at it wow. dude she's has so done. it has so taken the last thing. or whatever and christen's just like why. did you do that and you're like you have to. be appreciative because i'm sh. who i am that's the most [ __ ] thing ever dude. this is the true me. hey dude you eat one. you go like this and she's there. and she's not eating you go. like this you get to. see the tr that's you're welcome. for the try dude that is like textbook. [ __ ] you know yeah but um obviously bring it up and not in a thankful. way bring up be like hey did you consider that. i might want one. too and see what he says. of course i did and then what did. you do the biggest ied you the [ __ ] [ __ ] could you imagine the being on a first date and don't you want to. get to know me yeah. i don't understand what the problem. is i gi to. do the trum me you're up. bowling go everybody says their most this. this would be good everybody. says the most important thing. especially women always say the most. important thing is communication being open. and honest well here i am. this is me yeah. now are you going you going. to finish that or what. you pull their pasta over and all of my glory. hey take out of her. hand while she's eating it. it all my glory. her sandwich taking them money. out of her wallet to. here's here's another here i'm going. to go beyond that. because what we do. is in this podcast. we peel beyond the the we peel the layers of the onions. we you're already in a terrible. zone so you're going even more terrible. yes okay we we push past. the we we move the curtain we look. not just at the front yard. completely into the neighbor's. house right okay yeah so don't this is something. that is just nuts to. me you eat a meal. and they bring you a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] candy. afterwards dude i i didn't say i wanted that i didn't order it. what the [ __ ] are you doing it's such a ah here you go. thing i'm not a dog. dude i ordered what i wanted i paid. for i wanted why are you giving me. a [ __ ] [ __ ] candy by the way that nobody really wants andies are actually a step up from what it usually is honestly it's usually the shitty circular peppermint thing even worse with the pink in the middle those are the worst on god dude who ever liked one of those but here's the thing at least that makes a little sense what did i just cuz it's a mint yes so like you ate here's a mint but it's candy but okay yeah but the chocolate has mint in it too but still it's just like i'll get that if i want that it it you might as well just hand me a [ __ ] blow dryer i don't need that a chicken wing yeah yeah yeah just like a rom piece here's more food you're full here's more here i have a chicken wing and and they just put it on the [ __ ] check too they put it on the check. it's like don't give me. candy just for no reason. god that i've never even. thought about this this. is really really weird. it's been happening since i i was a kid. no i'm always like dude. here's another one uh airplane. and they here's a a wet nap. for you for no [ __ ] reason i'm sitting in if you're in you're sitting in the plane. here's a here's a moist. towet for fu why do they do that on planes. do they still do that. by the way for what dude. i go like this i don't want one. thank you every every person. ever next to me goes like this. ooh what you want wet hands. for [ __ ] what you know. what it is actually people beinged like free. [ __ ] yep it doesn't matter what it is dude. it's so and also dude. that sucks too yeah. and then this big of a square yeah can't find the wa is this. the wet nap now it's the wet. nap that big it's this. big dude and you just like this. yeah yeah yeah for sure. there soap on your hands. or whatever the soap on the hands. the residual soap on the hands. is terrible dude start the movement. no thank you i don't. want that wet nap i did. it i took it the other day. because i had stick i actually had sticky hands. i was like wow this. is the first time it ever. came in handy. see okay yeah yeah well i think that also with the candy. to take this to. make this uniform also do. with the candy take the candy. go back into the kitchen. mh and hand them. to the chefs at the restaurant. i didn't order this. i don't want this take it. back how much is this. did you charge me for this. right yeah this is this. better not be on my bill. it's just three little shitty. peppermints uh i have eaten them. though that's that's the other thing. that sucks is like sometimes you'll just eat them. there those candies taste like [ __ ] i thought you said you like them the the peppermint. ones oh again that's a little bit peppermints. are those are the worst. man they're not it's not. just mints and when they when you're done. with them your mouth has like seven. layers of sugar on inside. it disgusting and guess what you totally forget. the good meal you just had because you got this. [ __ ] film layer upon. layer of [ __ ] [ __ ] ass peppermint in your mouth so disgusting it's [ __ ] gross. it's whoever made that [ __ ] that's like stop doing that. everybody so rich whoever made peppermint you know like that and and and like just for i mean. they're dead they're long and dead. now how they get yeah. how did they get to. be so lucky that's the thing. dude it's just it's it's a waste of space. it's a waste of [ __ ] space here's a little peppermint ball. that [ __ ] sucks it's a circular. disc you're going to. put it in your mouth. it's basically plastic and i'm going. to cover your mouth. with film and you're not going. to remember the really nice enchiladas. you just had uhhuh you're not. going to remember at all. the really good meal you just had and guess. what in 20 minutes it's going. to taste worse. y yep in your [ __ ] mouth and you're going to. have a sip of water. and be like w this. water tastes like [ __ ] shitty disgusting. sugary peppermint so here's the movement. if you have a restaurant. and you hand out stuff. hand out little pieces. of dog [ __ ] yeah same thing it is the same thing how how you give me this or your own [ __ ] because it dogs hard to. collect why' you give me this. oh well it's better than peppermint. it's the same thing i'm giving you something. you didn't ask you know. how restaurants usually give you little peppermints. okay well those are really terrible. and so is this really terrible. so there's really no difference so here. you go anyway i'm giving you my but my what comes from. my butt yeah hope you enjoyed your your time. here at denny's um yeah so anyway is there another one. oh the [ __ ] the way [ __ ] the way he did it hi. guys this is shannon. hey um i called him. before with the private dinner party question. oh yeah and was rightfully roasted. for my monologue and very thin. christmas tree but we loved it oh yeah. yeah we did we did. love it making me laugh. and keeping me honest. very cool you're sweet. um as you might be able. to tell i am near. nearly 8 months pregnant awesome. i was going to. say something and i thought wait but you never say. something you should my husband. and i's first baby. girl and we're very excited eight. months quick shout out to. my husband brian who is away. at c for work we have about six weeks. until he can come home and we have this. baby yeah um so on the kind of theme. of having children. in childhood my new question. for the two of you is what is your earliest childhood. memory oh dude i don't remember mind. thanks so much love. you guys good question i i before. we even get into. it there are so many stories i've heard about me. that i don't know if i remember it. or if i just know the story we'. we haven't talked about this. exactly but we've talked about versions of this. how other people's stories certainly other people's stories about i agree. me as a kid yeah i think over. the years i've heard them. enough where i'm like this. happened to me and i remember what. i can remember is the day. we brought you home really yeah. wow i remember i remember two things. about that day i remember your life. was from that point. on much worse and two no. i i i remember your fingers. were wrinkly and i was in the back. seat while you were in the car. seat and i asked mom. i said why are his fingers. all wrinkly and he said sometimes. babies have wrinkly fingers when they're born. and stuff and then later. on that day or i guess. it could have actually been the next. day but but grandpa bam. was over and everyone and they got me. uh a heman toy and um i i opened it up and i and i saw the toy. and i said thanks you only got me. this cuz he's here now. whoa dude mom and dad. should have known if they didn't. already know that you were trouble. from that [ __ ] day forward w but i was just too i was too smart. at 3 and a half at three. and a half is crazy. to that is nuts. it's like cal saying that. i couldn't imagine that i guess. i could no cal would yeah he might say that. yeah so yeah kids are smart. bro you get a taste. of your own medicine. yeah i know i know and every time. he does some [ __ ] like that i go like yeah okay yeah you deserve i get it. i do deserve it uh. my earliest memory was how old were you when you were in first grade like how old is a kid. in i don't know how old is. somebody in first grade do we know. uh like six seven yeah. maybe okay so then i was three or four. okay yeah that's run. mine same sure yeah and uh remember miss antoine of course. first grade right. i'm right about that i had her. in kindergarten i think oh then i thought. i was younger okay. then that makes i had miss harlem for first. first grade okay then it was kindergarten when you were in kindergarten so i was you were. like five i was two. okay so really young yeah. yeah this i i remember being really young. cuz mom was holding me right. okay this is a this. is a crazy memory okay we went mom. was going to talk. to miss antoine like it wasn't like you. were in trouble it. was like a parent teacher. i was with her cuz i wasn't in school. yet and she was carrying me and it. was miss antoine remember her assistant what was her. name i don't remember this. was like mont m mont fury or something. like that yeah yeah i do nice. woman yeah i don't remember what she look. like but i remember the name yeah. whatever that sounds like that they was the two. of them yeah and miss antoan was called. her miss monor because it's something. like that miss antoan and miss mon. were making such a big. deal out of me and i was so small yeah and miss miss antoine honestly just i had her later too so i knew as well just straight up the nicest woman on the planet. she like i even remember just the warmth she's sweetest. she was great yeah uh and she was making the biggest deal. out of me but because she was old she had a very like old like puffy. wrinkly very face and and she was coming. up to me and so demonstrative. and so like yeah sweetly. and making be and she get closer. and closer and i just thought okay. these are those things in that book. that i have the dinosaur book. if if i stay still oh my [ __ ] it won't get me. well you definitely remember that. that wasn't a story that was told to. you because you that's a thought you had no i remember all. of this extremely well i was terrified. but i i also somehow knew i was safe cuz mom was being so reciprocal of her. sweetness so i was just like i was like if i just stay still if i just stay still if i just say so and i remember she got like so close to. me like she was like oh and she was just like this. and i was just like such a [ __ ] idiot you know uhoh. she's one of those things in the book. i was dinosaurs yeah yeah like a trex. there was like a scene from jurassic. park for real when dinosaurs. oh such a nice lady. oh such a nice lady. uhoh she's actually a dinosaur. the biggest idiot that's ever been. on tripping so hard. on acid i remember that. was that day i gave you acid. yeah that's that was what did. it yeah isn't that funny. though dude yeah it is weird. that you remember that this is why. they say that your [ __ ] book was written before. you were like four yeah right. yeah totally yeah it's just like well. they say two to. five right that's the zone. you really get shaped. almost like entirely i guess. so but i mean like there's really a lot. of evidence where you know. if you're if you were in foster care. the first year of your life. it's hard for you because you didn't have. just the first year. yeah yeah yeah yeah i mean that. makes so much sense so many like minor. but hugely important developmental stages there. my therapist was telling me. that she was like she gave. an example like you know. when like you're because it was we she talked. about this when i had cal. first and i was like you have to. be attuned to. what your baby needs and you know. how sometimes you want to. go like hey look at me and then they try to. look away and like you're like no over. here you know what i me. like that that's technically in a very small. way little trauma because you're like the baby's like i don't want to. be doing that but you know. what i mean and that changes. that make that develops you. i know i know it's crazy. is so hard well that's why. when when you go to. like i know it is hard. and like you that's the kind of thing. where it's like you're not giving your kid. what you need but it's not. your fault what they need yeah. yeah but what they need but it's not. your fault of course so it's like mom. and dad have as every mom. and dad has [ __ ] up but you to. to to realize that this. is a huge thing i learned. in rehab but like to. realize that because your your my kneejerk reaction is. to be like no they were great. no no they didn't [ __ ] up. no that's not their fault. and it's not their fault. but no that's the key. it's not right it's not their fault. but they did mess up. and just as i'm going to. mess up well no parent. ever has ever not messed up. over like thousands of times right. but in my rehab i one of the main things was people were like no i don't want to. blame my parents for that like you know. and it was like you don't have to. blame them for that but that is why. happened and it's okay and and you can have space. for both feelings you know. what i mean didn't mean. to get so deep but didn't mean. to get so deep but but wow look at your muscles. man that's if you want to. go over listen to. the all the lifeline luxuries go. over there lifeline luxury. it's patreon dot com lifeline. luxury and uh we keep moving. up you know but the lifeline. luxury is fantastic uh and then uh all my new tour. dates are on sale. chris lea dot com i'll be in sagen and i'll be in uh north charleston south. carolina and a bunch of different. places i got vancouver coming up. soon that first show sold out. second show selling out so go. get those tickets and colona. i'll see all thousands of you soon. and you want to. make sure you subscribe to. the private record channel on youtube. uh episode three coming out. this week it is crazy. you got a couple episodes. out now peep the last one. it's super wild uh and yeah what else. oh yeah you wanted 10. one1 with me matt. deia go to mat dot com advice session just for you and me uh and the merch lifeline merch dot com don't forget. to get the merch we love you. hello hello hello [music] hello hello 