 kristen goes like this. hey guess what there is i said. huh she says i'll play place. i say really she says yup. i said oh she says let's go. bring cow i said i got to. do a podcast this was a few. days ago she says meet us. there i go like this. bet okay give me yes. there i go i go like this. facts um i am doing my podcast. in the middle of my podcast. she texts me a video of her. and calvin playing at the indoor playground. i go like this oh dude. it could be armageddon i'll get there. that's how life affirming. it looked i go like this. oh that's a place. oh i would never go to. that place oh calvin's. there oh it could be armageddon. i'll get there right that's what having a son. is you don't know how this. is what having a son is. for your life you're living like this. obviously you have a son. boom okay you go like this. you go i would never do. this [ __ ] i would never do that. [ __ ] i would never do this i would never do that. i would never do the other thing. oh you have a son. let's do all those things that's what it. is so now candyland indoor playground. on the top of my list. of my sons there. so i go oh i can't wait to. finish this podcast and get over. to candyland indoor playground. quickly i hit up david sullivan. yo meet us at candyland. indoor player he goes like this. man i can't sit still and be by myself. because of i i need to. run from life right he was doing nothing. so guess what would i be there. bet because his problem is he can't sit still and do nothing so i go. hey you don't want to. be alone in your thoughts. guess what me neither let's meet again. so he is hey man. all right i'll meet you there. i do i get the kitten lane. indoor playground calvin doesn't know i arrived. yet i see him playing in the ball. pit and i my heart. dude goes like it's like the end of the grinch. okay i am growing. and i say i can't wait to. see him and i say gavin. what's up dude my son. is flipping out the whole time. he's just ah do you see. the spikeable those costumes over. this is a workbench he's. doing like that and i'm i go. like this can you get in can you get in the it's like a whole. tunnel where you go in. the thing and over the you know. it's like a a bubble gum. vietnam you know and you and i'm i'm i as i'm saying can adults. get in i'm i'm in already. like can adults get shoes. are off i'm in i don't even. notice oh okay by the time. i already threw half. the tunnel i i've noticed other adults. are in there too okay. good because i was gonna be getting in no. matter what you're not going to. take this moment away. from me from my son. i want to. be a totally invested and involved. here so he goes. so he's like dad come here. let's look let's go to. the spikeable i go to. the spiky ball shows me. the spiky ball he says look how do we get over there. to the boss how do we get to. the boxes how do we get to. this the ice cream let's go. and what i'm doing the whole [ __ ] thing dude. it is absolutely gorgeous it is. so gorgeous to be in this. bubblegum vietnam and by the way. it's really hard david sullivan. couldn't do it a little bit. jazz he's not flexible you know. your boy he's a bit. like gumby i found like i'm very very flexible. so i'm doing this [ __ ] and um and calvin is in the ball. pit trying to hide in. the ball pit come in the ball. pit i jump in the ball. pit there's another kid in the ball. pit now let's just say he's i don't. want to say he's he will be a jerk. when he grows up how about that. that's what i'll say. about him uh he's gonna be a jerk when he grows. up you know why here's how i know. that because i was watching my son. and the kid looks at me. and runs up to. me and goes like this. say my face is the microphone. he goes like this ah and i go oh i go. okay buddy walks back comes back forward. and goes ah to. my face and i'm like okay. man like he's five and i'm like this. is not i don't know. you dude more importantly you don't know me. also don't breathe in my face. right kid right but i'm 42. so i don't make him i don't feel it. make him feel bad for any of this. i don't shame him but hey hey get the if i saw calvin. walking up to somebody. doing that i'm gonna have so many words. with calvin all right. the fact that these kids aren't these uh adults. aren't like taking care of the kids. and doing the thing and i know. parenting is hard i get it. sometimes i spend like [ __ ] hours and days and days with calvin. and i'm like all right bro. best believe calvin never does. something to someone. else i'm gonna be checking them right. nobody checks their kid it's unbelievable. that's how much you realize as a family. as a parent because you get to. see that's what your relatives. apparently you get to. see other parents do the [ __ ] so i go in a ball pit. the kid the kid. who growled at me [ __ ] takes a ball from the pit looks at david sullivan goes like this rockets the ball up into. david sullivan's eye david goes. oh like that like a [ __ ] right and and he goes oh he really got me in a good he really got me and i'm i'm i would be laughing but i'm i'm already i already had the anger and the hatred towards the kid because the kid goes to. me twice once i let you get the kid. picks up another ball tosses. it families their families. right there doesn't do [ __ ] so i say hey buddy hey you're all right you know nothing kid does it again kid does it a fourth time then the family says well i don't say the kid's name is steve she says stephen do not do that. do not do that you do. not do that so i'm like all. right good says nothing to. david sullivan and i'm like oh so it's all. about discipline in your kid. and not apologizing for what the [ __ ] happened. so now we get it. right it's a little bit selfcentered. so then calvin takes a ball. and starts throwing it not not hurting. but like like tossing it onto. the kid he's laying down. and i'm like i see what calvin's. doing he's kind of doing a little bit. of retribution and i was a little bit proud of him. but i said to. calvin i said hey hey buddy. don't put the ball on. the other but you you don't. know that kid and don't don't do. that as much as i wanted. him to because he grounded. me in through the [ __ ] thing right david's eye. and so the so then we're leaving the place. and i tell you that story because i want to. tell you something about something later. but we're leaving the place and calvin i look over and there's a little girl like uh she can't talk yet. like she's one year and a few months. you know maybe 14 months. and she's just crying and the moms. like buckling up the kids uh overalls or whatever. it is and calvin looks at. the crying little girl and i mean. i'm calvin's dad so i see there's like anguish on calvin's. face looking at this little girl. and he's just looking at her. and i'm right looking at calvin. but calvin's looking at the girl. and i i just feel this. oh no that little girl's. crying coming from his dumb. i know the little girl's. crying because she's just like crying. she's a little girl but calvin sees this. pain on this little girl's. face or whatever it is. and calvin says to. me quietly i think i need to. hold that little girl's. hand and i said oh yeah and it was like i said nothing. calvin already started walking over. to the little girl and just holds. her hand and looks at her. while she's crying and the little girl's. crying just holding calvin's hand and calvin. is there comforting this [ __ ] out of that. 13 month old and i'm like that's beautiful. and i don't mean to. compare but what the [ __ ] did your kid do today congratulations. [music] 