 runk hello hello hello now did you want. to talk about how annoying it. is that you need ice. or no i want you. have the thing in your nose. i did not anymore oh. you just took it out took it out. took it out and stuff took it out. it out when you say that. that's nice nice nice i don't know. man shirt got stuck in the dryer. booyah no it's it's because uh it's yours. oh and your puny yes got out of that. one i don't have my lifeline. shirt here what do you mean. it's mine what size is. it i don't know it's not mine. what size is it that. is a large wow. it's yours i don't have one. of those shirts what do. you mean it's mine. jo the reason why you don't have one is cuz this is it. cuz cuz it was here here we have a whole. merch here that isn't mine. i don't own all 12. of those shirts in a in a [ __ ] pile you wear them every day everyone every day um this is the lifeline merch if you want to. get at lifeline merch dot com. also if you want to. come see me. chris dot com i'm in a bunch of different. cities coming up dallas uh and so many places. where else montgomery alabama. mobile alabama no yeah uh thunderbay. ontario duth minnesota bont. texas mallen oxnard california. witch talk can dallas. memphis st louis st louis. yeah and then a bunch of australian dates. and and and auckland new zealand. chris dot com um wow wow. wow wow z isn't that right. it's episode6 and guess what today is. today they said we couldn't do. it is sunday june 30th. okay happy international asteroid day uh i put the ass. in asteroid you know. what i'm saying or what i put the roids. in steroids hell yeah. nice dude okay steroids are bad. for you huh steroids. are bad for you yeah. to make your nuts go. into little shrivel little peanuts. well i don't have i don't do steroids. good good good uh obviously you. can my nuts obviously okay. obviously if you're not already make sure. you are signed up. for our patreon patreon dot com. life on luxury stop what you're doing. right now yeah and do it sign. up for it thank you. oh great the air is on oh so i'm pissed. now the air is on like he doesn't like he doesn't like the way. he does it dude. what the way he does. it is it a real vintage. hat we talked about this. already right we talked about this. already so we won't talk. about it again what is your question. though is it a real vintage. hat no it's it's it's an apparition. no because that might be they might have made that. recently no no this is old dude. i don't i don't i don't do that. don't insult me dude. yeah wait why is that. insulting cuz i don't buy. stuff at like urban outfitter. that like looks like old so that's a really. dude yeah look at the back. of it how weird is that like that. weird it's weird how clean it. is though it's crazy. right there's a little dirt. in i never watched. it i got it like this. you never watched it no. i got it very recently. too yeah wow it's even made out. of weird old stuff like that. like pants yeah fabric it is like that yeah well i bet that would looks so bad on me but anyway okay well we got ice dude got me ice because we while he hooks you up with ice everyone else subscribed to. the private record my solo podcast. the channel for that is at the private. record got the cafer bangers every. wednesday what's with the cafeteria cup. dude cafeteria cup dude. i like that i like the cafeteria. like diner cups but let me tell you something. about this oh that's so much. better i asked him so we got i hate looking. at the iced coffee. and the dinky little plastic. cup yeah uh we asked wait. are we done is there. more i mean you know if you have a thing. go go if you want to. be on the show go. to dot com the link. is in the description below thank you. that's i i want that. i want that such a br. such a br give me and so um no. but he so this is uh not this. is not cocacola people. are gonna think it's cocacola. they're gonna think i drink cocacola. cares dude i so so i we he got food. to the studio before we started recording. because he wanted to. uh could you be saying this worse. the studio he ordered food. to the studio he had food. delivered to the studio. for us to. eat when we got here yes. he did the that yes i mean. i think they understood when i said it. but whatever doesn't matter he thought. we were going to. be here an hour. before we were going. to be here so he got the food. an hour early we were originally. scheduled to be there. until i that's why he lowered his microphone. he was about to. say that and i didn't want to. give that to him. oh well too bad i wanted. him to chime in and say that. so we could obliterate him. a warrior for the truth. i am a soldier for the truth. i seek it and when i procure. it i announce it and i wear it on my on. my sleeve okay. okay and the truth is. he [ __ ] up but he had an okay reason to. have done so guess what want to. know something even even cooler. so anyway there was no ice. in it because it melted. and so he went to. get ice which is his fault. so do you want to. know something that was really cool. that i did in my own. head and nobody even knows about it. sure and it happened in the last hour. okay sure oh no sorry. two hours on the way. here when i found out he got the food. too early i knew because of where he got it. mh it wasn't going. to be that cold. because it's always so piping hot. when he first gets it. at that place and you know. what i'm talking about cuz it wrap. it in the tin foil. oh the food m i thought you were. still talking about the coffee. good thing so i knew that. the food was going. to be fine and it was so i didn't wasn't disappointed. driving over i did that all in my own. head absolutely nothing about that was interesting. oh or worth saying you. don't think i could you don't think. i could say because of that. i did that all in my own. i did that all in my own. head no because nothing was done. so you can't say i did that. all in my head when nothing was done. all you did was think about something. but i i kind of accomplished. something which is what the relaxation oh well that. counts sure but that's not hell yeah. got accomplishment but sure okay got of that. one you really like that. huh it's just so stupid. it speaks to. the kind of person you are you. know and how much absolutely sideways. dick so how how like neurotic you are and how much you think people are i did it. all in my own head trying. to corner you or something like that. trying to get you to. admit something or something like that yeah even when they're not you. know i would never yeah. we know so why you drinking. coke yes now that's a good. one now that i have to. hand it to. you dude and cuz you know why. why cuz it got me. and it irked me. and and and uh going to. kick my ass so hard. it's fine but i'd love to. talk to you afterwards. dude oh it just got me. you know one what is that. dude we should probably play. it yeah what is that. i don't know what that is. i i talk about it. all the time on congratulations. oh okay well maybe i do know. what obviously marco knows anthony. you know about it i i know. but i need a refresher on what took bro. has no idea has no idea the way. he said i i mean. i know i just need to. refresh her also had tears. running down his face when he was saying it. um pull up the katana fail. oh of course i yeah. yeah this is like your favorite. thing ever but let watch one of them. one of them let's watch it. top 10 oh it just got me. odell 1816 is the item. number on this one. and the nice thing about these practice. katas oh oh that hurt oh that. hurt big time a piece. of that just the tip. just got me odell what. right here oh that got me. good you all right a piece. of that tip just got me. now this guy could there be a better. guy und thing may need emergency surgery. in the studio taking it so far. king of the hill we may need emergency surgery. uh in studio dude what a cheap. thing to just have a sword. break when you're barely tapping it against something. dude oh it yeah just got me. odell when he says big time. it sounds like he's calling someone. big tom oh a piece. of that just got me. a piece of it. you know the whole sword stabbed. him talking about talking not the handle. part you know talking to. a guy named big tom piece. of that just got me. big tom a piece of that. the dangerous piece of that. all of the dangerous piece. of that just got me. the handle would have been fine. if it hit me you can't really. see like what happened like where did it. get him where did it. just get him it [ __ ] got him here dude almost in the heart. stab my heart odell but did it. stick in him no no no no yeah. it stuck in him but it didn't. stay in there but yeah but it fell out. it just goes b i mean. obviously he's bleeding there's no way. he's not bleeding it's katana but why. is it so cheap. why did it break. qc you know but it makes me. think it's not that sharp. if it broke damn that. is a d what a terrible. item you know remember those item. what a terrible item it's so funny. to call a katana an item. it was uh like like it's in your sack. for ninja guyen yeah dude. or gay um remember um the the toy. swords remember those. like how plastic i have. a feeling of how they were not the physical. how i feel them. but i the feeling of having one. as a child interesting just [ __ ] straight up have you ever actually gone. like thunder thunder thunder catch ho have you ever done. it absolutely not absolutely not i've never even. thought about doing that. or seen anyone do that. is that in thundercats. is that in thundercats. you seen lion oh. dude what gave it away. i'm just saying is that like a specific thing. character it's leave it to. beaver okay it's in thundercats and lion o when it's time so not creative lion. o just adding an o. at the end of the name. of the animal elephant o. you want to. know the other one's name. panthro panthro panro dude they so un. creative dude chitara chitara chitara. was the female it's like a latina uh pop. star chitara everyone else is fighting. and she's just mhm um what about. you were going to. say something about thunder cuts. and there was another little one. what was the little one's name. um so when i had a sw porino porcino r. mousy mousy head dude. just they're so drunk doing the names. um so yeah i i i had a sword uh thundercat sword and i i [ __ ] did that for real. once and i did it. and i belted it out and i didn't become stronger. that was before my time. i don't i don't think i had those i i i actually distinctly remember. seeing thundercat stuff when i was like three. or four and thinking like what is this. dorky [ __ ] well that's a [ __ ] it was all your stuff i was like this is for nerds. probably into some silver. hawks or some [ __ ] no i was into. uh [ __ ] my my my little pony gi jo's. [ __ ] were killing it. and what were those my buddy. huh what were those orange. balls yeah [ __ ] uh oranges loved oranges. the po you pogos. what are those called po. popples i was popping. off on the popples those ruled. uh thunder cats are on the loose. thunder cat wait no thundercats. are on the move thundercats. are loose a lounge ax dude wow wow wow an snl sketch you know thunder cats are on the move thundercats are lose baleno. there you are baloo hey darling. baleno you know uh let's blend. let's do another let's do uh let's start. dude i should do honestly. pause it when i should when i on stage. before i go on stage. i should take the microphone. and go chris chris chris deia. ho and then go out on stage i'd probably kill. it i do kill. it but i'd probably even next. level kill it you think you would like add to. the what hilar okay. i was going to. say maybe it would maybe it would like help. your energy but i don't think people would be like killing. over laughing you know chis people. like what is chris doing you know. but they the microphone. would be off i'd be backstage. uhhuh then i' go turn it on and then i'd be on the loose. crystas on the move. crystas loose b checking off crystas. on the moon so close. to your face that dude. this thing is so stupid. wow this doesn't feel good you know. for anybody crystas on the playing. rock paper scissors crystas on. the loop that's a [ __ ] ring yeah i got you all right let's do it i'm huge fan. of both you congratulations start it over. hey chris and matt um i'm a i'm a huge fan. of both of you i've been a big. fan of congratulations from years. lifeline from day one cool um and i can't think of a better. place to come to for advices. especially this question about the gym. now i go to. the gym early in the morning. uh before work every day. and there's a guy in there. who grunts and screams. every time he does an exercise. from squats to bicep curls. he is so [ __ ] loud the whole. gym can hear him. now i can hear him. over over my earbuds even like he's so loud. and i don't feel like i can tell him. to just like shut the [ __ ] up so wondering if you have any advice about how to. deal with this or if i'm just being sait by. even complaining in the first place. and i should just let him. work out um so yeah. any advice you can give would be super helpful. thanks i would say it's def. not subish to be annoyed. by that by the way no but i would say it definitely depends. on how loud it. is he said it's loud. enough that he can hear it. with his airbuds in okay earbuds that's fine. but then because there's like there's guys who when you're when you're lifting. and then you there's guys who might go. like like that's not that. big of a deal cuz it's very loud but it's very quick my sense is that's not the right. right right right this. sounds like the guy i mean. the the guy that sounds like what he's talking. about like the guy that chris. was telling us at the gym. that he saw taking up. three machines at once and yelling. like there's always not always but every once in a while there's like a guy yeah at the place. where everybody knows the unspoken. rules that breaks those rules. and actually ruins it. for everybody that sounds like one. of like what this guy's doing. yeah that's true i don't. know what could you even. appeal to management like is that even something that they they don't allow. it because they do allow. obviously grunting at a it also depends on the gym. i mean if it's [ __ ] curves like if it's if it's gold's gym they're not going to. give a [ __ ] if it's if it's you know that place outside on venice beach they're not going to. give a [ __ ] but if it's if it's you know orange theory people be like i don't know what that is they're like orange theory is like a fitness place with like treadmills and like classes okay curves is a a it was a joke. it's a gym for females. oh okay mostly i mean. men can join it too. but nice you know what i'm saying. that is nice one for curves. please yeah dude exactly uh trying. to be young trying to. trying to fit in with the young. crowd what is that called. no dab no that i. was doing air traffic control. what dabbing no what is. he saying just muttering to. himself no why doesn't he have. the microphone on him. it's always up well because i i don't want to. cuz he mutters to. himself oh that's probably why i was just googling. if men can join curves. can they uh i don't know. actually we about to. find men are allowed. to join but they are designed specifically for and focused. on women and also men can join only in some states. wow interesting i wonder if that's a legal. issue because you kind of because you can't ban. a certain yeah gender yes it's got to. be that yeah right. yeah yeah yeah to be. cool interesting what do you think. about that let's all sign. up all all four of us. what do you think about if you identify. as the opposite sex of what. you have your that's a whole other thing. yeah those states are probably the ones. states are deciding that as well. i'm sure yeah so how does that. work with curves then is what no one knows no one. knows no one knows yet but they need to. figure out that law. uh yeah they should probably get ahead. of that um what was this. guy's question again gy dude. just look here's the thing if it bothers you that. much you got to. say something you don't need to. be like hey shut the [ __ ] up. man yeah that's don't do. that be like hey like what like can we figure something. out like this is a public. space everybody hears you everybody's sort of like surprised. every single time they hear you. yelling like let's figure this out probably. won't go over that well. to be honest but yeah that's why. i'm saying if it bothers you that. much though but i don't i don't know why that would bother. you that much dude. like i mean dude. you're doing you're doing 10. reps every time and if it's longer. and louder and you're just there. a [ __ ] seal in here yeah and and and you're you're trying to. listen to you know he's trying. to listen to. nelly or whatever i know. what the h going be. uh oh godamn he's doing like. a strenuous physical activity sometimes. people grunt when they sometimes. and sometimes they don't but sometimes. it's part of their thing it's like a ki you know so karate. we don't know if he's doing. it on purpose or not. you're saying right he i mean. he's it probably helps. him he he if you think it helps. you it helps you it. doesn't matter if it actually helps. you right yeah you know. what i mean so it's definitely gray. area you know if if the guy's going. at a at a loud i'm not going to. do it loud but if the guy's going. then that's so annoying you got to. be like yo bro come on man. yeah right right right but uh if it's if it's you know not that. less if it's less then yeah then i think it's probably turn your music. louder or get one of those noise. cancelling headphones or go at different. times than times that guy goes. he's not there 24 hours. like how often do you run. into this guy right. yeah they probably go at. the same time yeah so change it up. i actually i started out. thinking something different than i think. now i think he kind of has a bit of a right. unless it's what chris is saying it's just this. crazy loud absurd thing he kind of has a right. to be making noise. working out so go at a different. time deal with it or talk. to him about it. don't don't no go to. management no no then you're a [ __ ] about that you're a [ __ ] that's the only you asked about being so [ __ ] that's the only thing that is in this whole. the only thing more [ __ ] is if you were to. like tweet it you know. with a video of to. at to the gym. right yeah yeah yeah yeah with a video yeah. uh all right next one. [ __ ] got his eyes. lowered hey matt and chris this. is home jersey this about the guy. that called in about the kumush. so you know my wife. takes walks every morning. and a couple months. ago she comes home and says did. you come i went down the street. and it smelled like [ __ ] like the whole street. so so weird god that's kind of weird. didn't think anything of it. yeah and then i'm listening. to that episode where he says there. was a bush you guys looked it. up i i guess it's bradford pear ah and sure enough. go down take the walk with her really one day and so new jersey. walk down j street usa so jersey. it's true so anyway just wanted to. thank you guys for uh solving. a myst you guys are like sherlock. holes and sherlock anyway. big fans have a good one. so new what's interesting. [ __ ] jersey d about that guy is that he doesn't look so jersey i know well that's the most jersey kind of guy though is that you think of a guy that's like italian. or like a you know. a fat kind of but then you see a guy. like that and he's just like just toown usa wow. not what he sounded at all. you know i'm from jersey and it's just like used. to sounded like more like forest. gump but that's all good yeah. whatever um all right well you're welcome. everybody see we this. is what i'm talking about. solve things for you we open your eyes we help. you and then other people hear. you and help you too. this is a great show. we're doing a public service. we should get paid by. the government uh i yeah cuz we figured out. what a kumush is um d. i got 65 cents from the government here oh from the kumush. episode um i think that i i don't i i still don't think. that it smells like anything. i forget if you that's what i i've see. i've conceded to the fact. that i just don't understand. what anyone's talking about. but i give it everyone. seems to agree so. i can't be the only one. that's like it doesn't smell. like anything obviously it does to. so many people i i've never heard of it. up until the other week i haven't heard of i think maybe me too. i think maybe me to. got you fall got you back. on your heels you know. dude so um yeah i don't think it's it's it. smells to me but i will say. this i couldn't smell skunks. i think i can smell. skunks now but people would be like h. skunk and i'm just like. i don't smell i didn't smell. it just straight up could smell. it remember when there was a dead rat in mom. and dad's house and you couldn't smell. it you got a bad sense. of smell i got a crazy. good one and i still don't know. what jizm smells like. i don't think i have have a good. sense of smell you don't. we're agreeing yeah right. yeah or i'm agreeing with. you got a good sense. of humor though so so you're making up. for it in the humor make up. for in the humor department. that's for sure congrat man. i got a good six sense. too cool all. right going to have a great. day next hey matt. hey chris sar good. i was about to. listen to life flying. the other day and i thought of this. jingle and it cracked. me the [ __ ] up because way i sayang it and uh pause it god bless this lady i'm gna hate this what do you mean. you're gna hate it if she's gna. make a jingle about the show. oh is that what she's doing. i didn't understand i don't know but if that's what she's going. to do i'm going. to have a real real hard. time with it so what i want. to know is do you want. me to be honest. about this or do you want. me to be like oh good job. well i'm going to love. it so who cares. what you do okay. go ahead i just thought i'd share. it with you guys so here. we go the cut oh lifeline. time in the city this is aming. this is lifeline time in every city. sub to all super good. studios it's lifeline time oh what is that. like so crazy your it's your city. it's okay it's okay yeah so yeah. that's that let me know. what you guys think it. was okay it wasn't as bad. it wasn't i didn't think i thought it. was going to be really bad. what it wasn't it. wasn't i mean it. was bad but it was like it's like in the way. of it being bad i kind of like it. uh to be honest. interestingly we've switched positions. to what we thought would be that. was tremendously terrible you know uh what. did you think it was going. to be but i loved it. does that make sense that's what. i said but what what. i said it's bad. in the way that i like it. i said it was tremendously terrible though which is different. well dude if she was on american. idols she would have got [ __ ] sent home man. no i mean the jingle itself. not about her singing. got it like the jingle i thought. the jingle was going. to be like pey and very alive. lifeline in your city. is so and that is it. was like a dramatic take that. so doesn't fit our show. it's terrible but what she did. is amazing and i couldn't like it. more if that makes sense you know. so i'm like i'm in i'm in both. extreme directions one it was so [ __ ] unbelievably terrible as a thing but what she did was so so so great so it's a wash ultimately i just i don't i would i i what i the reason. why i say it's okay. is like definitely like the lyrics. like lifeline is in your city. like what do you mean. like it's i don't know it's just on the internet. you yeah exactly i thought about that. you don't have to. be like lifelines in your city. and then at the end of it. to be like because lifelines in your city. is like that bring you're not. bringing it home dude. but also that is to. i i don't remember what it's from. but that is she was that is to. the tune of a of an existing. song which is another thing. i was maybe thinking of that. i was like kind of i'm like is this. something already and if it is then that's it. is theft that is theft. cuz she didn't even address. it i wonder if she might not even. know she might not know. yeah she might just think she's like musically. gifted when in real. life all she does. is listen to. [ __ ] like you know show tunes. it sounded like a show tune for sure. yeah it sounded like a yeah so let's agree. it's bad yeah no it's terrible. [ __ ] it's [ __ ] god awful but i genuinely like appreciate that she went all out and did this for us yeah i think what she did was great and i think she is great i think the thing she created is utter dog [ __ ] from my butt okay dog [ __ ] doesn't come from your butt but i will say i will say that the people i i'll tell i'll tell you right now our listeners most of them [ __ ] hated it i'm going to. tell you that right now. how do you know. come on man i got my i got our listeners i got her i got you guys. all right well don't now they're going. to think it just cuz you said it. they're going to be like they're actually. right now they're like man. and it wasn't even. advice okay let's get to. a new one i'm just saying good. you played it what's up. guys uh i have these bags. my eyes okay and people at work and stuff. throughout the years have been like hey you look uh yeah totally destroyed. and i'm like thanks wow i'm just wondering do. you have a funny comeback. to comments like this. also where's bill on the podcast. yeah fro [ __ ] uh bill's. been doing his thing uh living love. and life love and life. yeah um uh it is weird. people say like where's bill. when we never said we were going. to have him on what is interesting. we've never said we're going. to have him on and he's not one. of the hosts of this. podcast yeah c it's like you're asking about a thing it's like asking why he's in cast with the ghost. on the show yeah why don't people say. like they don't say why. isn't mom on the show. i mean they have done. that but not nearly as much. and it's maybe it's because dad's done. my podcast probably i don't know but anyway uh that's just how you look you. look destroyed and um that by the way. there's something getting lost in translation there. i hope they're not saying. you look destroyed destroy. like that is no i'm going. to use that now more than one. person said that so dick. they must mean like so many marvel villains or upset. or got no sleep. they can't say destroyed you. look destroyed anyway if they're saying you look destroyed. i have no advice for you. cuz i don't even know. what that [ __ ] means it means you're not existing. or something but if they say you look hung over. you didn't get sleep. then then you're giving us something to. work with but you look destroyed. i actually kind of like the bags. under the eyes look i know. i'm in a minority but i kind of have them. sometimes and i just think it's kind of cool. looking for a dude. especially right but you can't say that. as a response to. the inquiry oh imagine if you did i actually. think it's cool you look. like you got crazy had a crazy. night you got bags. on your eyes what's going. on just say like that's funny. because honestly i went to. the doctor and the doctor didn't find them. she he didn't see the bags. and we did a test and turns. out that only [ __ ] poor losers can see them that's good i like that a lot the doctor was rich and then walk away i like that a lot that's a good one um what else you could just honestly shoot yourself in the head you could shoot though when that happens and then they'll feel so bad about it the guy should have never said that now he is destroyed god that what would you mean if you said god you look destroyed what would you i'm going to. say that to somebody today. what would what would they look. like though i mean with tattered clothing. blood right you know ash. c tear streaks down their face right. uh maybe i don't think that matters. honestly really yeah because ites their emotional. state doesn't matter well you oh you could be destroyed. emotionally exactly that's what i was that's what i was thinking. they me with him which still doesn't fit cuz that's still. too extreme bags. under your eyes destroyed yeah. what whatever tim allen. all right um all all right. next one we got a kid. coming in hey chris hey matt. jac from won north carolina. with my boy bluey loving. it that um here's my question. so i have a friend who's recently. divorced he's 52 and he is just going. buck wild you know with his lifestyle now just partying and sleeping around and sleeping with prostitutes whoa and he is telling me about it a lot and look i'm not approved or whatever but i'm 32 i've been married for 13 years do the math wow i got two kids my lifestyle is like so different than his and some of it kind of makes me feel uncomfortable oh how do i tell him that without hurting his feelings or still allowing him to. be as a friend thank you. guys for all you do all. the things you do and all the consent. that you create thank you. uh the kid was just like what's a prostitute. just going to. say right after we finished. recording the kid what's a prostitute. daddy i that's interesting. huh wow he's married. since he was 19. huh i've done that. i've done exactly this see how quick i did math. with that he say he's 32. he got married 13. years ago uhhuh 19. yeah i did the math. immediately didn't have to. say it out loud to. prove but so did i and i didn't say it. out loud to. prove it but i just saying oh it's crazy. got married at 19. and i did the math. effort effortlessly eff rec l. okay what do you think should i go. first yeah go ahead i guess i think that dude. it's easy i mean it. kind of sucks to. have to do so i get i get being like how do i say this. don't get me wrong. but ultimately there really is only one. way to do it. just be like hey man. like i'm absolutely no judgment. i could not care less. what you do in fact. if you're happy i'm stoked for you. but like i'm not the one. that like you should be telling this. stuff to like i not only do i not really know. what to say i'm just so far. removed from that kind of lifestyle. that like i'm not i don't know. i don't think i'm like the right. the right guy for that. um and that's it and if he gets his if he gets butt. hurt then like that's on him. dude you are being you're bending. over backwards to make sure he doesn't get the wrong impression. so you've done your job. as long as you do. that i wonder how what version. of uncomfortable he feels like i wonder if he's like if he feels the actual anxiety. in his chest or if he's just like more like this. is annoying you know. what i'm saying not that. it matters i just wonder like i wonder what he i wonder if he really does. judge him yeah i mean. that may be that he could. you know um not judge but like i the times. that i've done that. if i was being you know i never to. i never was like you know. no judgment i was just like dude. that's not that's not [ __ ] that i want. to be hearing about you. know but people understand like when you tell them that you talk. about specifically sex stuff or or just anything. anything i guess yeah i'm trying. to think of like times i've been like where somebody's been talking. about sex and i'm just like i i just think it's so funny. if somebody if it's uncomfortable then i'm even like if the dude's like i'm like oh my god. that guyy so weird like you know. like if that guy was talking to. me 52 divorces he's like i started. having s with prostitutes i'. be like oh god you know what i mean. especially if he was weird. about it i'd be like oh no. yeah yeah yeah but uh i get it. though he was this kid. he was married at 19. dude i don't know if you did the math. but yeah 32 now and then 13. years ago so 19. yeah stop proving that you can do that. math cuz it's not impressive. so we get it. we get it which is wild. that uh yeah i would just be like bro. i i i would say bro. i don't care and you keep telling me. right i am married. with two kids yeah since n i barely know what a prostitute. is right you know. what i mean right. yeah why i wonder why. he is even telling it. is weird that some people they don't understand. like you like your married. friend of 13 years would. not be the one that you'd i mean. maybe their best friends. but maybe maybe he thinks i mean. just totally speculation psycho analysis. of a person i don't know. but maybe he's like oh this. guy's still married. he doesn't know what he's missing. i'm going to tell him. and get up in his ear. but that's terrible obviously yeah but it's terrible. and and stupid but like that's the only thing that's a lot to. assume though yeah exactly yeah call. me out so hard yeah i wouldn't do that. if i were you i think matt's wrong. i i i just think that uh yeah. i think that you should just be like yeah. what i said but don't [ __ ] are you telling me. that i don't care yeah. that is that because there's no way. it's better it's better it's better. it is better to. be shortened to the point. if you can be and if you're guy friends. for a long period of time. you don't need to. like pat it you can be direct about it. so he's probably right honestly. always yawning always going. all right yeah next hey what's up. guys big fan from maine. here uh chris been a day. one baby hell yeah. matt big fan of private record. haven't missed an episode. that either um hing to. get an explanation cuz something's been marinating. in my brain since it. happened okay uh was like a months. ago okay if you guys. recall someone brought up uh santa. and how he says ho. ho ho chris argued that this is santa laughing. yes uh which i personally agree. with i remember that matt. you wouldn't even entertain the. idea that this could be santa. laughing i have no idea what you. think right uh ho ho. ho is yeah but it was like an outof character. moment for you where you didn't even. you're like one of the more uh openminded. people i've ever heard in my life. so it was crazy. to hear you just like completely. shoot this down and i don't think you gave. any explanation or any uh you know belief. as to what this. ho ho ho was so i would love to. hear you guys revisit this. and uh maybe i don't know. matt give us some insight into. into what was going. on with you that day. cuz my therapist cuz i wasn't really like you manist. all right uh love you guys. keep doing what you're doing. i mean it's definitely like you to. have a strong opinion. about something yeah it is but i know. what he means though so to. be as openminded about it. as possible it it is obviously. phonetically similar to. ha haa which makes sense why someone would think it's him laughing. that's not even why i think that. but okay then why why. do you think that because he does. that when he thinks something. is amusing and funny no. he does doesn't does doesn't he do. it when he's like bringing good cheer. i thought was yeah because he's so happy. but i thought it was like him. ringing a bell or him. announcing he's there like injecting the christmas. spirit into the going. on yeah i look i i don't think what you're. saying is c let's let's just look we already. did and what did i was wrong. right yes yeah i remember it. being that he yeah i mean. look at that look at that. that's an amazing santa claus has a deep voice he chuckles as he holds. his round belly. and the sound comes out. as a low pitched ho. ho ho when he does this he is expressing his expressing his immense happiness with boisterous laughter. santa claus laughs so much because he is an incredibly happy. man learning english. what is that it's like he's like um honestly. high and just like laughing right. right you know it's it's a laugh. yeah yeah yeah i mean that's i'm that's just one of those. instances where i'm dead. wrong that's all that is and you know. why but to. answer his question the reason. why i i out of hand. dismissed that is because i never even. considered it and it seemed so. ludicrous to me in that. moment because i was i all my life. i had been so far down. my santa feelings uh the way. that they were that i never even. considered it you basically thought. it was him saying here i am. basically i'm on my way. with presents christmas is here that's what i thought. he was saying right. and i'm bringing christ spirit. and cheer right like that. rapping um yeah uh no it it's it's it's like he's jolly it's literally. like he's a fat jolly guy. laughing then why i want to. know isn't he just saying hah haa right. that's what you do when you laugh. yeah that's a great point. that's a great point. if you're just laughing why. isn't it ha because he's got his own way of doing it dude he's got style he does dude he's going oh my he was about to. be oh my god but he doesn't take the holy. [ __ ] balls but that's what it's from chris. kingle like the earliest like you know. holy [ __ ] like the like the brothers grim version of it right. you know he orig s chris. kringle what actually comes from. that annoying guy at a party. oh d the guy actually uh it comes. from h holy [ __ ] balls he was saying it and then he would kill. a bunch of kids. kill you know yeah that's a mustach. josh here seen him before. uh first of all appreciate what. you guys do it's got me. through some stuff for sure uh it hopefully gets me through this so 2. 3 months ago uh my wife. cheated on me yes um right. before i left for some trading uh so i found out the day. before i left so i didn't really process it i was gone. and i was busy uh for about a month. like i i didn't have time. to even figure out what was going. on really my god now. uh i'm topling soon uh in a few months. or so and we're we're going to. get divorced mutually but what i need. advice on is should i/ we try. to get that done before. i leave or after i leave cuz while well after i come back. cuz while i'm gone i'm not going to. be able to. really pay attention to. this kind of stuff so do i just postpone that and i get it. when i get back the divorce. uh we're dead set on. on that that's what we're going. to do okay um i just don't know. about this timeline uh because it so condens i'm a little bit. worried about trying to. push that through while i'm getting ready. to leave um cuz this will be my first deployment. it's not necessarily in a nice. part of the world so yeah. uh what do you guys. think thank you first. of all you're the man. for being in the service thank you. for that um means a lot i know. a lot of people say. that and just sort of automatic but i definitely mean. it thanks dude uh second of all. that [ __ ] sucks uh the timing of that it's like a bad cosmic joke. dude that is crazy you found out the day. before left it's like a it's like a bad. movie or something um but if you're both. dead set on it and you know that's what you want. to do she knows. that's what she wants to. do if it's at all possible. try to get it. done go cu you want to. come back to. the life that awaits you. you don't want to. come back take care of the loose. end that's been on stuck in. your craw the entire time. your way and then yeah then get into. your new life you want to. be away doing your deployment knowing and potentially even hopefully ideally i think you should be excited about the new life. you're coming back to. yeah fresh start literally like whatever you want it to. be is what it's going. to be when you get back. like that instead of thinking about it. as some potentially like you know. dis destabilizing thing like you're destabilized before you go you're deployed. you do all that you come. back and then you get stable. like i think it's a mindset. wise it's better. to to do it that. way yeah i don't know. why you wouldn't let's put it that. way to to. add to all that. i don't know why you would put it off. i get that it sucks. to cram but ultimately you're going. to have to. do it anyway it's better. to get it out of the way. yeah the only yeah the only and last thing. it'll also be properly. in your rear view by. the time you get back yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah that would be to. have to go deal. with something so potentially awful. there at war you know. i don't know what you're doing. but and then come back and have to. deal with something even worse. is not fun and you it. just the whole prospect of you. want to always have something to. look forward to no matter. what you're looking forward to. it will always be clouded. yeah no by the you know. the first first you got to. finalize the divorce then you can you don't. want that get out of the way. take all the time you're deployed. to build up. this hope and i you know. excitement for what's to. come when you finally get back. home start your new life mhm. not your new life but you know. in this one part of your life. that's what i think okay. also you got a great great. great mustache you're going. to be fine it's fine. yeah it's good oh so jealous. i mean i could get one. if i wanted all right. hi chris so excited excited have a question. for you i don't know. how to do it. i really want to. get on the show beaz. maybe it's about you cuz i think i could do it. how do i get on it. how do i get on the show. you're on the show thanks. i love you bye you did. it first of all not telling you. secret i shouldn't be interrupting. but we met you we met. you in sacramento and we were all. this drama too what we met. you in sacramento and you were. so awesome i love you. uh that's it huh. okay just a fan video. all right i have fans. too that was a did she have a question. no she said how to. get on the show beat shazam. she wants to. go on another show oh and called in here asking how to. go on beach what is beacham. isn't that the show with jamie. mhm i that is a show. that i don't even understand. how it's a show fox has a show where have i been well. it's i don't even know. is it still on it's a game. show i guess it's still on jamie. fox hosts a game show. yeah beat shazam it's whoever can if you can beat shazam. in knowing what the song. is that's not possible no it. is because sometimes sham takes like 10 seconds. oh okay but it's really. odd that that's a a game that i i i have never seen i haven't seen. it so maybe it's cool. but other like levels to. it or got to. be there has to. be over and over again. a song starts and you have to. be there has to. be i mean there has to. be but she wants to. get on it how does she do it. i don't the [ __ ] do i look like that's such a bad why. is it just a question. for me seriously dude. they're so drunk they're so drunk. i'm insulted though couldn't stop doing this. y what was this why. were you insulted because she didn't even [ __ ] say matt yeah. at least like pretend i don't care. pretend interesting anyway [ __ ] [ __ ] both of them dude i hope they were really hung over the next day. and that's that you know. [ __ ] [ __ ] both dude no dude come on i met them. dude well whatever you can have your own. opinion i [ __ ] don't like either one of them yeah i curse them. with the worst possible. [ __ ] hang come on man. what they deserve dude. oh jesus it's not that. bad i don't know it's disrespectful. dude there's two hosts. to this [ __ ] show i know i know just like hi only chris how do i get un. beat shazam which is dumb anyway. then this [ __ ] guy gets in he's like this. and she's on the side. where he's telling secret what is this. that was bad all around. fail fail fail fail. fail hangover somebody was on the other side of his hand. it's also disrespectful to. our show how do i get on a different. show yeah dude wow just wow so disrespectful. disrespect is un [ __ ] real they're they have no idea they made that video they're going to. it's going to. they're going to be watching. it is so true. they have no memory of it. yeah well they deserve this. big they deserve this. big they said i was nice [ __ ] both of you in sacramento. that makes me happy hope. you had to hangover okay. next one all right chris sit at your show. on green bay wisconsin. another one wanted to. buy a 3xl shirt you don't. have 3xl shirts you get 2xl. your boy shoulders they g. on for days so i need the 3x. for the length um cuz a 2x. it's a little boy sharing. so uh you should fix that. also um question for you boys. there we go oh there. we go every time. i say something to. my girlfriend she replies with wait. what oh she doesn't put any mental. any mental capacity into listening. to my words and then responding. she says wait whatow that sounds like a great. relationship i always have to. repeat myself and like guess really. old yeah how do i fix that. thanks guys yeah that's you had a a girlfriend. that did that a lot. me yeah she went. wait what a lot and i i would i would it. became i would i would always think wait. what so it's funny. he's saying that hint who it. is without saying who it is. how could i do that. because i've had oh okay. yeah i guess i could do that. um because of i i could do that. because of the inside family. that we know the family. of us so i okay. um all right how would i do it. um um um can't do it okay. great i think i know who it. was anyway though was it the same. one as i told on the last. episode about the dog. story yeah okay yeah that's what. i thought okay great did. it figured it out. and the way i knew that was because that one. was particularly [ __ ] stupid okay so [ __ ] dick no but like it's just like it's something about wait what is so dumb agree just say what do you saying what are you about the weight implies. implies you went too fast. and i and i didn't yeah you're too fast. for my brain right. exactly slow it down so my dumb. ass can understand it yeah. uh so just say to. the to your girl. i'm trying to think of like if someone says wait. what that would [ __ ] bother. me man that's so annoying. i think i think what you need to. do is say do i talk too fast. no i think you should say. like do you not listen. to me or something like i'm trying. to understand why you i have no start. maybe start with something like i have no problem. repeating myself it's that's not the issue. but like i'm curious as to. why you increasingly ask. me what when i say stuff. i'm not smarter than you. what's going on am. i am i not describing things well it. is a smart thing. to to start by offering a possibility. that it's on you yourself so that. they feel comfortable saying actually it. might be on them but uh don't make up. some [ __ ] though don't like about the thing. it could be about you like that's why. what he's suggesting is. good yeah like it's not that. i'm smarter than you i'm not even saying that. i don't think that so what is going. on you know yeah how much could you possibly. say it like is it. for like him describing a documentary. he saw which is understandable. or is it like what. do you want for dinner. that i mean you know. what i'm saying some people are just like do. you want chicken or beef. wait what uh i think what's going. on the way he said it. made it sound like she's just not listening. listening yeah which is don't repeat. yourself dude rude yeah man. dude but i kristen talks. when i go to. the bathroom and i'm peeing. and i can't hear her uhhuh. do you tell her hey i can't hear you i mean. i've done that so much what does she say. she waits till i'm done and then says it oh yeah well that's what she's suppos. and then it happens again. how often are you going to. [ __ ] tick piss every two minutes. i mean she's just talking the entire time. in between a l of the time. it happens at least every other day. every three days wow that's a lot. yeah and i just sometimes. i'm like is she talking and i go. i'm not going to. say what cuz i don't know. if she is or not. also you wouldn't be able to. hear it anyway if you said what. right no absolutely yeah right. so so i'm just like la yesterday. i was going to. the bathroom fierce stream you know. what i mean and she is i think she's talking. but then i'm like wait maybe she isn't maybe it's the tv. i keep hearing it. i'm like i think maybe it's a tv. then i hear finally as i'm finishing babe. and i'm like yeah mh and she's like oh i said sorry. i can't hear you at all. you know that i can't hear you. when i go to. the bathroom did she not know. you were in the bathroom. no she she heard i was in the bathroom. and and she was in the room. next to it and she heard heard me. peeing no doubt okay. um interesting and i don't know. why why do they do that. they you know why do women. why will they talk to. you when you're peeing no. if you here's the deal. if i'm peeing and you're in the other room. and you go yo and you start. talking i could probably hear you. because of your voice because you're man. you have a man. voice or i'll go. like this n hold on. yeah that was going. to say yeah yeah just like that. you won't give a [ __ ] about me. saying it like that and i'll come. out be like what's up but i got to. be oh hold on i can't. hear you when i already have. said this lots of times. mh yeah it's like a respect thing. right like they don't want you. to talk to. she doesn't want you to. talk to her like you talk to. your guy friends who you just yeah. yeah that makes sense though right. yeah i they want to. feel separated and and and who wouldn't want to. be separated from like david sullivan. you know sure yeah everyone in the world. everyone in the world wants to. be separ from david. sullivan uh but no i know it's frustrating. cuz you just want to. be like i'm pissing wait. you know kind of duly kind of just can't. do that can you do you. say hey when i go to. the bathroom maybe don't talk to. me oh yeah and what does. she say to. that okay oh okay. so it's not about she doesn't want. to do it she just forgets or what. interesting interesting well no what else. is interesting yeah i did. three loads of uh dishwashers the other day. wow why are you using so. many plates in silverware. what's with that did. you have 300 people over no we had we cook. she cooked and then it was from the day. and then she cooked uhhuh. and that was that was it. but it's like that's two times. i know but but when she cooks it's like a big. pans pot you can't fit them. all so you got to. do it so you're not the kind of guy. who likes to clean. the big pots you put like two. things in and their pots no. no no no no no no i i mean. i'll start cleaning the the the the pots and then if i'll be like i should put it in the thing. no i don't ever put just like two. things in it the big. pots yeah you clean. you put on the rack you leave them there. you don't put them in the dishwasher. i mean i don't really yeah. save more space yeah okay. i'll do that i guess okay. sound good but the big h. cooking is so annoying. dude it's so good when she does it. and then it's like why does it. take so many pots and pans. to make [ __ ] chicken and rice. you know and like you got to. get the different utensils out and then you get the ones that you can't clean you know you're like oh there's a crevice in there yeah how do you do this. one you put it in the in the uh dishwasher doesn't work. there's still like a flap of chicken. in it when you open. it up yeah flap of chicken. you know disgusting uh yeah. cooking is but you don't want to. order all the time from postp just spend thousands of dollars. and then also uh um it's bad for you. yeah don't you find it. interesting that cooking something. at home is very often actually. better than something you might get at a restaurant. that's so weird way better. it is very p you to. make me food that's shittier than something. i could make at home me weird. it's it's super weird and i would say it's 95%. of the time better. it's kind of shocking even just getting. a [ __ ] burger on the grill like from your own backyard. like it's just how is that better. than a burger i could get for $14 for a living. i know and and and it costs. a lot of money yeah. and kristen is just like i'm going. to start cooking it's not. like she like learned or tried. to go into. school she's and she's all she's great. at it so it's like what. the [ __ ] dude it's a it's a racket dude. restaurants now are a ret dude. a racket c it's so. insane when she makes chicken and rice. i'm like this is better. than anything we could have ordered. it's weird right and it's just chicken. and rice hey restaurants make it this. way make it better. yeah make it better. but what you they got to. make a lot i guess. it's a cost effective a [ __ ] few. restaurants that i'll never be able. to make food as good. as well yeah the the the all the rest of them. what are you guys doing. i would argue though that you'. have to go go there. and eat it for it. to be the best postmates. when they bring it to. you it doesn't taste. as good because there's the whole sometimes. yeah sometimes some [ __ ] travels better. than others for sure yeah definitely like pizza doesn't. matter but pizza is so good. dude yeah don't pizza is one. of the things pizza is one. of the things that probably would taste. better if you ordered. it dude made made a pizza the other day. uhhuh couldn't believe how good it. was oh wow really i i didn't even understand. i was like what the [ __ ] what do you mean. you made it made it in the oven. but the dough bought the dough. really and put the sauce. on it and the cheese. yeah what yeah dude. and i i couldn't believe it. tasted good i was like what this. is [ __ ] where'd you get the dough. uh trader joe's okay the dough was. from trader joe's the sauce. was it was all different stuff. the sauce and the cheese. was all different [ __ ] what have. you said i got domino's and ran. out and we never saw him again. in our lives uh it's better. than dominoes that's true i [ __ ] love domino's really i see i like round table. that's it for the chains. yeah but that you can't. that's like round table. isn't i mean it. is a chain but it's like there's dominoes there's pizza hut there's papa john's. i like pizza round table. is not in pizza is. absolut dog [ __ ] no dude no domino's is dog [ __ ] pizza's better. right well the the king of of of of fast. pizza the way just like this. well well i think domino's is greasier. than pizza hut yes. it is really i'm kind of only getting. thin crusts from either one from pizza. hut from pizza hut i will. say the thin crusted pizza is. amazing okay i will say it's been a very long time. since i got pizza hut and i only remember pizza. hut being thick. yeah no you that's the way. it normally is but they do make a thin crust. that is so bangarang i'll try. it i'll try it. but i'll tell you what man. if you're going to. eat pizza you don't want bad. pizza you can't get bad. pizza you you want good. pizza now uh it's it's tough to. make bad pizza but chains. chains can do it oh yeah. soa john little caesars. is like eating it's weird. cardboard with cheese on it. make no mistake i'll eat a whole. pie yeah from from those places. right right right make you don't want to. [ __ ] this up from the bad places. you're say oh yeah oh yeah yeah my wife. leaves the room come back where did all. the pizza go you know. what papa john's or [ __ ]. liil caesar don't care i eat it. how about pizza man. ever had that i've never had pizza. man it's a delivery place. it's like a well they're all delivery. places you know it's a pizza no. i'm saying it's a chain delivery. pizza delivery place like domino's like do like like more like little caesars. they're not as prevalent. as dominoes well i know it's obviously not prob domino. i don't even know what pizza. man is you don't they have all. you know you guys know what pizza man. is right pizza pizza. the [ __ ] pizza pizza of course look. pull up pizza man. it's got silouette the guy's face it's by marvel. marvel pizza look at all. the pizza man's. look at all the different. pizza man well that's fine. you call it you say pizza. man la thing pizza man. go to uh it's the gu it's the guy. silhouette oh yes of course of course pizza. man los angeles good i don't know that's what i'm asking it. looks kind of sh it looks. good does it it looks. good yeah why do pizza play. always have wings what dude. that's a good question. i said matt mcmurray cuz i said it. looks like [ __ ] you said it. looks good oh really yeah. it is the the the p. the what did you what what. did you just ask me. you just said something. that's a good point. what's a good point. how about wings yeah because it's fast. and easy my god look there's a movie called pizza man. there you gock frankie. munes i'm watching it there's no way. go corbin le is in it. corbin burson's in it shelly long he's taking a slice. out of crime adam. west is in it diamond. dallas page whoever that is is in it. w wait when was this. 200 long all i love. shelly long bro imagine you get you're a star. malcolm in the middle you. know what i mean you get up. a your agent floats. you a script and it. says pizza man it. hey hello everyone's fired he did. it look at him. look at frankie yeah can we watch do. we have time to. watch the trailer or is that not allowed. he's a cool dude. uh we might get we could do it. for lifeline luxury next. lifeline luxury dude. um yeah we we only can't do. it because we'll get demonetized look. at that that that that that outfit. is a whole thing soulja boy. would wear let's look. up this synopsis what. does it say uh he's taking a slice out of crime. i know that's the tagline. though okay all right. all right a pizza delivery. boy receives superhuman strength. upon ingesting a genetically altered. tomato he must battle a. corporation that is trying. to steal his powers in. order to save both the world. and the girl of his dreams. movie that is bad that's just not good. that's no it looks like he was a little older. no no no 2011 he was. probably 20 oh yeah cuz i guess. he was really young in that. show yeah he he's such a nice guy. for real i met him. once or twice wow he's so so a guy that just seems like he'd be the biggest yeah dude. i don't know him know. him he just i don't either. i'm basing that on nothing. he super nice guy is he really yeah. good for him yeah. corbin burson's in it there. he is corbin wow oh this. looks good i want to. watch this look how good this movie it. probably is we got to. watch it so went back. on it all right. oh there's no way. i'm not watching this look. at this yeah all right. all right thanks everybody. i'll watch it after shin. godzilla um all right you guys uh have a good. time thank you subscribe like we appreciate it. and go get tickets. to see me at christ. dot com hello hello. hello hello hello hello hello 