 runk hello hello hello hello hello oh boy. episode 119 is that right. or what i know no. i know but i'm saying and then also so that's what it. is yay and then also we've got more lifeline. lives coming up uh they should be on my website. right now but we'll see um we're going to. do one in oxnard and one in brea. yeah right yeah so that's southern. california so be sure to. get your tickets to. that i don't know if they're up. yet but they might be so go to. my website anyway um and you can watch those. at patreon dot com lifeluxury. so that's what's up last. one sold out you best. get in there when they go. up yeah basically the same. quickness of sellout as um taylor swift. so you better get in there. uh yeah that might be a bit. bit of an overstatement bilish. in that ballpark it might. be a might be a bit bit. of an overstatement but uh anyway um that's what's happening. robot it's all right dallas witchita and memphis. that's where i'll be next. so go there and san diego. oh yes oh wait no. that would be done. already oxnard california i'll be there. as well on my on my lonesome uh bowmont texas mallen texas. peterboro ontario sudbury some place. called that sudbury where the hell. is that thunderbay anyway. that's where i'll be go. to chris lea dot com. get those tickets making places. up go subscribe to. my solo podcast the private. record uh that's not something to. be like and you know checking off in a box. you want go on that. one and obviously if you want. to be on this. show uh go to. the description below or just go. to watch lifeline dot com you could also just the hotline. you want to. show your face go he want. one 101 session with me. go to matt dot com. and of course get to. lifeline merch lifeline merch dot com. and yeah okay that i mean. you did that eight. times so it's all settled. now all right so anyway. subscribe to our channel. and that's uh you know. just subscribe to. our channel and all that that's what you got to. do yeah um did we recent. did it did the channel. recently break 600,000 or was. that yeah it did. right yeah yeah maybe few months. ago i think i don't know. yeah no it's good yeah. um and uh i haven't seen you and well have i seen you no. nope i just got back. and let me tell you something. wow and i'm yawning. because of the jet lag fine. whatever but someone tell me what. jet lag is okay. so it's basically um when you're on a plane. for amounts of time. that break up your circadium rhythm when you sleep. smart no i mean i've never known. no no no i'm smart. i'm saying for i understand. that's what you meant because you couldn't. have meant anything else and i knew that because smart. okay but i don't it's not that. i don't obviously i'm not one. of these ass hats. who's like i don't believe no. i am the same. way but it just has never really happened. to me same i've been exhausted. from a long terrible. i that's but i adjust like that. to the new time zone so let me let me let me tell you what i struggle. with is what's the difference between between being tired. and jet and jet lag thank you. like you're just like it's like one. of those things that's almost so obvious. if you all of a sudden switch your schedules you you shouldn't have to. call it something that's why. i get confused yes. do you agree with me. i completely agree yeah so that's the thing. it's like of course if you want to. call it jet lag yes. i guess that's what i am. but we shouldn't even have a term. for it i completely agree. like my whole uh sleep. went from daytime to. night time night time to. daytime immediately yeah so if that happened that i didn't get on a jet it. would also [ __ ] me up. so is that jet. lag no no well no because it. was no but that's that's you're illustrating. why i understand what you're doing. you're illustrating why it's stupid. and when i have a pen. in my hand like this. i'm more serious and my points. are even better and i do it. like this because i'm gonna get into. politics more fine and so when people watch this show they're going to. go back and watch all 119. episodes and see my progression. into a politician all right. fine and no what moa you want to. say something i what's wrong. with um here we go. oh man what's wrong. with having a specific term for something no no. no but but you're slightly missing his point. nothing is wrong with having but it's so it's like this. here's jet lag here's being tired. it's like they're so sim kind of the same. thing so it's just instead. of walking in a room. and saying i'm tired because i was traveling. you just have jetl is that but there we go. then is that what that means. yes i'm tired tired because then that. answers my question because i actually didn't know really what it. meant because people say all time. lag it doesn't say. tired from traveling tired traveling across several time. zones and that all of that. is okay so all it means is tired. from traveling i'm across several times cuz i'm with you. i don't think that's what the definition. tech is if it is then i'm all good. everything i never heard it. that way for so so if i fly. to sa sacramento from. here i can be jetlagged. no no i'm tired from there's also by. the way it's a different. kind of tired it's now we're getting. now we're getting the thing that starts. to piss me off. though now we're getting nuts. and bolts nooks and crannies. it's a different kind of tired. because you just changed your whole. schedule not because of a jet. you understand what i'm saying it. is because of a jet. and therefore it's perfectly. reasonable and great that it. has its own [ __ ] term i don't know man. i i've always had a problem. with this and so i use the term. because i want i don't want to. be one of those [ __ ] that's like not using a term that is just everyone uses you're in a real predicament. because you don't want to. be the [ __ ] that doesn't use the term. just cuz you don't want to. use the term those people suck. too when i got yeah. when i genuinely don't get it. yeah when i got to. australia the first day was fine. the second day. was horrible and i couldn't sleep. that night okay and that. it to do with a jet. high it sounds like jet. lag though doesn't it. but it had nothing to. do with a jet it. just had to. do with the fact that my schedule. changed and the reason why my schedule changed. is because i got on a jet. but if i got on a really fast train. would it be train lag. no because it's about the distance. you travel in the time zones. uh so if i got but if i got in a a train. as fast as a plane. those don't exist and also trains. can't go across continents across. oceans i understand but they will okay and so that's going. to be train lag or is. it still going to be jet. lag that's my point. no because the train won't go. as fast you're saying there. will be a train that goes say. to beijing yeah as fast as a plane. yeah one day bro we didn't have iphones. 12 years ago okay. that's not a point that's not even. a point because we didn't have magic mind. and now i can take magic m. a commercial a commercial the whole whenever i want. dude like this like look look um what like seems so weird. check it out say. oh wait now i understand. what it means and i also don't feel jetl. wow everybody get that magic. mine [ __ ] i play volleyball um you didn't you know you just didn't i just learned because i drank magic mine before you did um such a little brother so yeah no so all right. so yeah we i'm glad we're in the same. boat i wonder how many people feel. that way about being quote unquote. we're going to start. a whole movement everyone listening. to this is looking around. going yeah yeah you hearing. this yeah yeah yeah and pretty soon. everyone's going to be walking. arm inarm down streets with signs. saying no jet lag i'm tired. no jet lag just tired. from traveling just tired from traveling. would be tired also if it. was a fast train. i was on would be tired if it. was also a fast train. i was on yeah. that's right a [ __ ] man if i could if i could go that fast over over different. time zones and not on a plane. it would just be basically maybe would call it. lagged train lagged no. just lagged depending on how travel lag should be. called travel lag ah doesn't get it. doesn't get it you know. should be called [ __ ] how many days have you been been back i got back. monday uh that's not what i asked. is it that's not what i asked. is it well i'm figuring out that's so interesting. that's what i'm trying to. figure out i got back. monday then it was tuesday. and now it's wednesday. so anyone with a brain. could have thought oh i got back. monday so two days yeah but but you didn't do that. you said i got back. monday and that's what dad would do let me tell you and it would piss every let me tell you what i was trying. to avoid this when when did you get back. two days oh so sunday or monday. that's what would have happened. but here's what's interesting nobody. in the world would have thought sunday because that would be three days. thank you you but sometimes you are like two. full days or two do you count. when you come into. you know what i mean. that's what i tur for. i'm smart yes got of that. one those people are terrible. and i don't even know. if they exist but if they do they do exist. they're terrible and you know. they exist and you know. this two days over the thing. it's like you know it's do you count. the day you get there. as the day do you. count the day you get there. as the day of the vacation. yes got out that one. so annoying wow but it's true. god when i make a point and i really drive it. home it's like barry bond seeing that fast. ball come down just the pipeline. and knowing oh yep another dinger. okay that was an interesting. analogy i guess i get it. it doesn't really carry any impact for. me but i get it. and you're not a politician. the worst platform vote for me. the worst platform dr seuss. all right so um let's start. how you feeling what how you feeling terrible. let's start just cuz yeah that's life. baby yeah it is kind of life. huh when you just feel terrible. sometimes terrible sucks right yep. life's terrible and that big fans. so here's the dilemma that. i have when i go to. the restroom like i'm going. to the restroom to. use the toilet uhhuh i i go. to the bathroom and then i leave the toilet. seat up like i leave the cover up. yeah and i get really upset. when someone puts the toilet down. because i have this fear and phobia that i'm going. to lift the toilet. seat and find poop in the toilet. like un flushed poop and i think that no. matter where i go. everywhere i go that's why like i intentionally like to. leave the toilet seat up and i'm wondering like yeah well i'm not wondering anything what do you guys think about something like that okay thanks well it's fine. i think when people talk about leaving. the toilet seat up and down they mean the rim they don't mean the actual cover right. they don't but she made a distinction. she's not talking about that she's one. thing and i don't know. if this there's kind of a little bit of overlap. so i read once that. closing the lid of the toilet. and not just putting the seat. down is is uh disgusting. for this reason the person who next has to. open the lid gets all. the germs that gets caught in there. it doesn't get to. air out whether you go number one. or number two it doesn't matter. when you close the lid of the toilet. and then flush yeah boom it. just bounces into. itself and then whoever opens up. the toilet next it's like a flood. into their face of excrement. of one sort or another. and no one wants that so everyone. should do as this very sweet. young lady yeah is saying and don't put the lid down just the seat down yeah i i mean i don't think about it do do you think about it think about what i if i go to. the bathroom i go to. the bathroom and i flush if it's i have no idea. if i put the lid down or not because it's not something. to busy yourself thinking about yeah. i mean you put the seat. down because it's manners. or or or you don't because it doesn't matter. no it's matters because i've i mean. people the seat the seat. down the seat that's what i'm saying. no i'm saying the lid she's saying the lid though. yeah no the seat matters. the cover actually does matter. not so much for the reason. she's saying but i get what she's saying i get thinking what's going. to be behind door number. one is it going. to be a big stinky. donad dookie or is it. going to be a wiis. waz that's a little too. yellow makes you want to. vomit right i mean honestly everyone though flush who are these people that are not flushing the toilet like what is wrong. with you if you're afraid to. touch the handle use your foot you. grab paper and then put it between your fingers. and the handle and whatever. you got to do. just flush don't be a disrespectful. [ __ ] and not what is wrong. with you people flush the toilet. deeper uh it's just disgusting. dude it's uncivilized the easiest. thing to do is. flush a toilet flush the toilet it's un civilized for me it's uncivilized and also i've been watching house of dragons so i know what uncivilized is doesn't make any sense because they're not civilized you you got to. admit i mean i've never seen. it well you seen game. of thr so they're not civilized. okay and then watch house. of dragons and i don't you know. i just i'm not into. fantasy [ __ ] all right. you watching what why are you watching. i was on the plane. and i started but that's not a reason. to continue watching it's the flight. was 12 hours i watched. six episodes but any you can watch whatever. you want you don't need to. keep watching other stuff. was worse i already watched. kong versus king versus godzilla kong versus godzilla and also tar. you watched tar on the plane. you watched all of tar. all of it on the plane. yeah that is amazing. thing about you watching tar. why because it's so not a thing. you would ever watch i [ __ ] loved it good. for you watch better stuff. then if you like good stuff when you watch. it look i didn't love. tar but that is like anyone even if they don't like it. would agree that's like elevated. material right or whatever. you want she's amazing. she's unbelievable in it. she's a conductor the big scene that. she ends up getting canceled. for ever is like that one. shot thing is crazy. inning yeah and it comes back. to so weird yeah that was that. that that i was when i was watching that. i was like this [ __ ] shot and she just keeps going it's crazy. dude the what she can do. just it's it's yeah i don't actually. bothers me when people talk about how good actors are cuz it's like everybody's good at a certain point. she's she's like the tippy of the top. you can do acting and be passable. very easily exact. that's kind of what i mean. but but but to. do what she's doing to. do what christian bale's doing. to do what i do. on the set of undatable. unbelievable stupid just the level of kate. blanchet on tar uh christian. bale in the fighter and crystalia. in uh the the what's the evil. one the evil and little evil. oh wow wow anyway i wouldn't know i didn't even watch it. dick neither did i hate myself. next one nice whoa she's hiding oh yeah. oh couldn't i found my roommate eating. a burrito in the show oh it's kind of [ __ ] up it's kind of [ __ ] up what you're doing what do you think i think what you're doing is [ __ ] up too is she deaf no man what question is that cuz she's the way she she eating to. eat deaf people have to. eat no my point isn't that. my point is she's eating so she sounds [ __ ] up cuz you can't hear them mean. why is she eating during a submission. that was 20 seconds put down the [ __ ] shea burrito. and she was talking about she was referencing. it eating a burrito. in the shower dude. eating anything in the shower. is disgusting drinking. something in the shower. is okay well obviously yeah well uh scoobydoo. why obviously because it's drinking. if you have a drink it's just right. outside the shower you're thirsty. you take a sip put it back. down that's nothing eating. who who you got to. grab it you got to. avoid the water you got to. take a bite you got to. chew then you got to. swallow then you got to. like clean your neck. or something like what are you doing. well but i was thinking about how uh i was thinking about how um you might be wrong. about which part what if you have the drink. in the shower as long as the water. is not getting in it. who cares in the drink. cuz i bring coffee. in the shower all the time. with a lid on it. that's how badass i am. yeah no yeah with a lid on it. no sometimes not with a lid. on it doesn't water. get in it you don't. care then is an americano. stupid yeah pretty cool huh. uh no that's that's dumb. i i bring coffee into. the shower and sometimes it. turns into an americano. depending on how careful. i am and that's how bad i soap. in it well no i mean. i don't use soap when i shower. oh okay then never mind. i do i do i do psych. it's a joke um all right. yeah i think eating anything in the shower. is absolutely it's absolutely disgusting. but let's be burito is topnotch disgusting. yes it's beyond so thank you. for telling us topnotch disgusting. behavior in the bathroom and that's i would say that's yo. how about these people who go potty. number two and then don't they forego wiping because they're going. to take a shower that's dis. i think we've actually talked about that. that is utterly disgust well. we talked about that somebody submitted an and i got mad at him. then and i'm going to. get mad now it's utterly. disgusting yeah it's really bad. do you take fiber what do. you take fiber no okay. next one hey chris and matt. how you going we've got a really really important. question to ask you and we need your advice. is great uh it's the game. paper scissors rock so you said it. wrong i think it's paper scissors. rock oh that's crazy you i'm wrong waste of time. it's okay so i'm it. might be gener thing. i'm 15 years older. than my so i think it's paper scissors. wrong and she's like paper foreign. just like english no. he's obviously so it's like when chris said 18. out of 20 that's what that is it's too many. times agree yeah cuz get what. it's like what when do we go. so what you think yeah can we have your advices. yeah yeah that's a submission. we're seeing you in perth. this week thanks for coming. everyone forgets about perth so we love. you bye dude that show. was rocking i loved that. show so thanks for being there. it was lit yeah it it was all lit. up it was litty. it was litty dude it. was awesome i i i that was such a i was the first. one i did and i was like w. that's going to be the one. to beat they were so good that. sh was g gordon so weird. because um i don't know if it was the best. one it might have been that. or sydney or melbourne. so many options that could have been the best. well there was also adelaide and brisbane. how when i said how was it you. said it was not you didn't. say that at all you didn't say. any of those things because you asked me. how australia was not the shows. yes got obviously that's what i meant. though dude i don't give a [ __ ] what you thought of the seaside part of [ __ ] making places up well dude i mean you might be referring to. hey how is the country. australia in which case i could also give you info. on that you want to. know how the shows are how the shows are specific the country. was just kind of okay. the country is okay but i will tell you this. the shows with g gordon litty. i i don't know man. what is that were they good. dude yes they the shows. were mostly good g. gord okay the adelaide show was not that. great adelaide what's wrong. with you guys other than that. all of the other shows. were great h yeah um adel show. was not that great kind of it. was my fault though i was so jet. i was so jetlagged or tired. from traveling but let me tell you something. about the um about australia. before we even and we could talk about this. more maybe on lifeline. luxury which you should sign. up for lifeline we also can't forget. to talk about the answer. to the question yes we won't but i i don't think i've talked about this. yet but i went to. forgot absolutely forgot what he say. a place a place forgot. what he was going. to say buying time no. i'm not buying time i i walked by buying. time place buy time. shut up dude i was in melbourne. i walked by a place. that had a huge line coming out of it. okay now i wondered if it was a coffee. place but i didn't wonder that much because every third place. in australia is a coffee. place so i assumed was. a coffee place and then i go. like this i'm probably right. but it didn't check so. i kind of just used my deductive reasoning. and made it a coffee. shop all right now i go that line. in that coffee shop. is coming out of the coffee. shop all the way on the street. okay i like this crazy. when you see that what do. you think ever what do. you think was coming out. of a coffee shop. anything any any yeah a food. place oh i think that place. is really popular right. but then what do you think maybe i should wait. in line no no way. way okay okay right so same okay. i think the opposite i think who what i think. is who the [ __ ] would wait in that line. for anything there we go. 100% food same or drink. i walk by the place. a few times okay. because i'm in the area. it's in the poppin area. there's always a line outside. and now i'm like and you still aren't sure. if it's a c no no. no now i'm now i'm well. actually i'm not i know it. has coffee i don't know. if it would technically be a coffee. shop you know it's an establishment that serves things like coffee. right but the line's too. long for just coffee. honestly okay right so it's called lon l. n e and i'm like now. i'm pissed off because i've been in this. area for like 3 4. hours and there's always a line. outside of it how good could it be and at all times. you can go right like a place. from [ __ ] 9 to. 11: would make more sense for coffee. shop right but but but so so i'm like all right uh i'm gonna i'm i'm you know i walk by one one time and it's uh there's like one person outside of the door it's it's there was a line and then there shortest so like this okay i'm going to. wait in line because it's the shortest one. and i can't wait to. until it's not good enough and i get to. be like [ __ ] that place okay. that's that's how my mind works. yeah that's that's terrible. that's a really weird. thing to not be able. to i couldn't wait to. be pissed off i can't wait for this. thing that i'm waiting for to. suck is the weirdest way. to think so yeah and that's literally like i'm like okay. good i'm i'm standing in line. i'm like oh good dude. oh can't wait dude. i can't [ __ ] wait two two women in front of me. i'm like these women they probably don't know. [ __ ] about what tastes. good but they had it. before they think it's great. i can't wait to. be mad at this establishment and mad at these women. okay needs more therapy. okay keep going so i it's my turn. i i get there and i notice. the place has crazy crazy. goodlook pastries so i go makes more sense yeah that makes way more sense still 5. hours of a line but i've seen [ __ ] weights for. bakeries and pastries than i have not seen. for coffee yeah yeah yeah yeah true. so i say can i get a a a cold. coffee got o filter. is that what you want. yeah whatever we call i. don't know [ __ ] you know give me the thing. and then let me get that. almond croissant mhm she go. oh right give it to. me no place to. sit you only stand in the place. so now i'm like meaning there. are no seats or they're so. crowded nobody there are no. seats there are no seats. because the chairs are not there. right okay you only stand in this. place so now i'm like i can't wait to. hate this place yeah chris yeah coffee. pretty good i'm not. going to give it that. okay okay alond croissant you still crying. oh [music] jesus. yeah what if he did this inside. the place [applause] please. sir get out of here. dude this place was beyond. just g gordon lyy up in here huh. it was so i'll never have another almond. croissant like it it was the best. one you ever had dude. yes okay great that's sad. i'll never have i'll never have a better. one n it's nice it's like you had the best. one you ever had at this. one place it's a good story actually it. okay sometimes the line. really is worth the way. is the line worth the way. is the question can can you tell. me something though is it. a good story or am. i a good storyteller well both it. can be both i just wonder. if a boring guy told that it. would probably be the worst. story of all time be a lot. shorter so that would be the good. let but the boring part like if a boring. guy made it really long. then that would suck all right. let's do another one. but wait no we got to. answer the guy's question. what oh what was it. first of all paper rock scissor or whatever. it is is is crazy maybe maybe that's australian it's cult. obviously it is obviously it is pap. it's called rock paper scissor but the answer. i guess the order in which you say it. doesn't really matter obviously it's a cultural. thing it's clearly rock paper scissor. or paper scissor rock or whatever. the [ __ ] one two three nobody does something on four that's but but no that's not the point the point is do you do it because go one two three bam it's not four though people go rock paper scissors yeah or rock paper scissors and then you just do it yeah but but the point isn't that the point is wasn't she was making it like too many things it's like whatever it was like on the each syllable or something boom oh you did it too early that's what she was doing and we don't want that so he's right in this instance hate to. break it to. you yeah each word is a thing. yeah each word is a boom. one one rock paper scissors. that's it dude what if i did. do that thing inside that. cof you did it for so long. you might have actually had time to. get kicked out like you might have not been able. to finish before you. got kicked out what it. would have been fine. if you weren't being so unbelievably loud. dude you you' be so pissed off if someone did that. they're ruining your experience too you know. he like tring trying to. enjoy your alond croissant and some [ __ ] just singing. oh [ __ ] making making it own. their own scene of 2001. at space odyssey 2001. a croissant odyssey it was an almond. croissant it was just a regular almond. croissant huh that's pretty sick. i love those al ciss. is like dude they're so good. they're hard to [ __ ] up actually 2001. croissant odyssey yep that's what so yeah. 200 want space croissant. everything's done we did it. great one my question is when somebody asks you a hypothetical. question how many followup. questions do you get to. ask them back before you. just have to. give an answer so let's say you're hanging out. with your friend someone goes yo. uh if you could uninvent anything. in the world what thing would you uninvent. my new reaction is always to. ask a bunch of followup. questions because i want to. understand the limitations the boundaries unp i don't like to. be misunderstood so you ask me. a question i'm ask you some questions. so we don't misunderstand each other. yes i like that but i also acknowledge that that can be kind of annoying. well you can't do it 20. questions so what are the rules. here at what point. am i being annoying. and exhausting and i just need to. give an answer versus at what. point are they being smallminded and not really understand. in the gravity of the situation. in which they have hypothetically placed. me w i hope she dig. in let us say what you think. i hope she hey congratulations for definitely being the sister. of that guy from salurn. because that's what she looks like so. that's oh my god she does. look like jcob lordy isn't that. crazy whoa congratulations for definitely being his sister. so it's interesting you're never right. about stuff no that's not true. you are 100% correct in this. instance what's the guy's name jacob ordi. j jacob jacob oh lord that's what. i was going to. do jacob oh lordy like a black lady. said it jacob oh lo yeah um yeah she looks like him. and that's her s that's a sister. so great um well congratulations. on your brother's success he's. doing really well yeah i could too but here i could be in that. movie if i was in that movie be [ __ ] here's the thing and people need to. know this i'm so glad this. submission came in okay. because the answer is you have an unlimited amount of followup. questions i wow hate it. when somebody wants to. play the fun game of saying. how you know whatever. it is yeah so do i whatever i know. somebody that would do that. and it's annoy and then you ask two or three questions. and they're like i don't know. like i don't know just like answer. the question or whatever. or whatever the you want. the answer to. be no it's not up to. me you ask the question. 100% this is the game. that you started exactly so if i have followup. questions you need to. be prepared even if you haven't thought of them. yet to think of the whatever. permutations ramifications uh uh uh anything with asians. really masturbations all asians salutations um but yeah so obviously the what. you do to the woman. submitting the question you're doing. it right and the people who are like oh i don't know they throw in the towel on their own. hypothetical then it's you know. what you don't even respect. yourself yeah you have no. selfrespect and you have no respect for. the other person's time or energy. that they're expending in their brain. it's like you're asking somebody to. think about something and then they do think about it. and then you're like nah you're doing. too much and it's like no [ __ ] you yeah it's all happening. because of you yeah you know. who does that no i mean. i know some people who do that. me what's happening i don't do that. so it better not be coming. no i don't dude well. you do because i will tell you this. much how many times in our lives. do you go hey ask a question. and then i go say something. and then i ask a question. about that and you go i don't. want to talk about that. anymore you know that's your thing. well that's different though it's a little different it's a little different you. don't like an example be more specific about it. like i'll ask you what i mean. it could be as simple. as this are you hungry. and then i go uh yeah are you and you go yeah i say what. kind of food do you want. you're like i don't know i don't want to. talk about god when is the last time. we did it though a long time. ago yeah okay yeah u. but even at that it's a hypothetical. is is what we're talking about. that's not hypothetical i um. but also that's different because i'm losing interest. in my own inquiry yeah it's kind of like that. though it's it's it's similar. but it's not the same. thing this happens to. me a lot this thing. where people are like coming. up with an interesting. hypothetical then you engage. in the game and they're like i don't know. like there has to. be some sort of what do. you call it uh uh uh disclaimers. and stuff in the thing. it's like you know if you could have one. wish what would you wish. for you know maybe you'd say okay. well uh is it a wish. for myself or is it. a wish for the world or what is the world. elastic or is it. like the real concrete world. like can i just like say my wish is no nobody ever goes. hungry ever again or unlimited wishes. can i do that oh you. know what i'm saying i wish for un. you get the guy go. just make the wish you know. you're like all right unlimited wishes. and they go a that's not fun. you [ __ ] that was your rule. yeah yeah if you're going to. open the the hypothetical floodgates you. got to be ready. to answer all questions. about your inquiry if you're going. to open the hypothetical. floodgates you must be willing to. open the hypothetical questioning. wow okay we got that. one we got that one. in the back so jolly how you laughed so what. jolly how you laughed what. did i do all right. next one hello chris and matt. sorry for my sunburn i'm a redhead. we burn really easy anyways i am. a bartender in vegas and my name is destiny so that being said when i introduce myself guys. always feel the need to. say like oh are you my destiny or occasionally. i'll get the is that your real. name or your stage. name both are equally. annoying do better so i need to. say and uh chris i saw you when you came to. vegas awesome show matt i love you thank you. guys awwesome love you. too so i uh my so kristen. does this thing uh where she sometime. like okay so it so in australia. she was in australia. some at the time right. and denny denzel love. my the guy who opens for me. oh the air went on for some reason. is his name denzel yeah. oh i didn't know that and he often wears a shirt. with denzel washington which is hilarious. but um anyway denny love. who's hilarious killed it. all week yeah he is um he is he jokes. about how he's a short. king you know i don't know how tall he is. five something right. and so kristen like latched onto. that and would make short. jokes which was funny. but every one she made i'm like babe. come on that's so think beyond. just that you know. okay she'd be like look then the this. is just an example and she did not. do this but like if there were a bunch of things. the same size and one was short. she'd be like look this. one's for denny like bab i like that. joke but worth it though you know like be you know sure and so that's that you know it's like you got to. understand and but b it's not as bad what. chris was doing because what chris was doing. i was like she's like well i'm not a professional. comedian i'm like yeah but i everything. you say like i think about it. and think oh i'm not going to. say that you know uh but that is just like frat. guy language that's just like that's so stu. that's so i i don't i don't know. why look no you don't. have to come up. with the best thing ever. saying always in every situation but that's crazy. to be like are you my destiny that's crazy. you suck dude here's what everyone needs. to think when this thought enters their mind. right like it's the joke. in swingers it's like when heather graham. uh john fa meets heather. graham and and her name's lorraine and he says oh like the kich and she's like oh like i've not heard that one before it it struck me then and i saw that movie when i was like 13 or something yeah it's just like dude when you meet a woman and you're interested in her you want to. leave an impression on her. for whatever reason and you hear her. name and your instinct. is to make a clever or funny. comment about that name yeah. do yourself an immense favor. and put it in your pocket. and don't say it because here's the thing. yeah you're not i guarantee you. you are not the first person. to do it yeah. in fact i guarantee you. you're not even the 10th person. to do it they've been that. named that their entire life so if you meet. a woman and she's 27. and she has a name just sticking with this. lorraine or destiny is lorraine a kich. thing yeah and so uh no swingers. made it up no no no. i know but i never knew. that i that's one. of my favorite movies of all. time and i never knew. lorraine ke is lor is it. called lorraine kich what is that that in the movie when that line. happens you didn't know i know. what it means and i know. i was always like oh lorraine is a kich. thing but but what does it. mean it's a style of kich. it's kich lorraine isn't it k. lorraine okay whatever anyway uh yeah and so uh destiny's. obvious obviously there's a lot. of names like this. don't make the joke. don't do it they're not going. to like it because they've heard it. a thousand times what is the one. most annoying thing someone can do make a joke. you heard thousand your face. okay or that that is also less. disgusting than one a thousand. times before separate yourself and don't make that. joke uhhuh what what do you think about if you said they say a thing and the a joke. pops in your head right. and then you say instead of saying the joke. you say how many times do people say. this that's good that works. because that at least that at least you're no. that's fine a little better. it's just as annoying no it's not. cuz you be like oh no. like that that you must get this. all the time i'm sorry. you don't need to. you're not inviting a response. you don't you're not you don't. have to say how many times you can say. oh you could just sympathize. and leave it at that. you don't need to. make it a thing. you could sympathize and then be like oh i like that name it must be da. oh and then move on. that's fine that's not the same. thing it's totally different when someone thinks they're being funny. and they fail okay. than it is to. just make an observation yeah okay. okay i've come around thank you. uh but what do you do. in that situation i mean. i don't know it's so annoying. just you because you don't want to. be a dick just go. whoops you dried the [ __ ] up and spin around oh wow i mean that would be but was it your intent. to drive the [ __ ] up cuz that's what you did and then spin around though you know um god i don't know what should you say just honestly honestly save everybody time and awkwardness and discomfort say nothing say nothing say absolutely zero sounds. no you should have a cards. that say the joke. on it and then when somebody does it just hand. it one hand it to. them to we like that. one but if reques work sure. that's that actually is laminated and just put it hand. it to them. when they say it and then and then but still say nothing. yeah is kinko still a thing. kinko it's fed office. right h okay right or the fedex store. now i think it's just the fedex store. did they buy them. out or yeah fedex bought kos [ __ ] 20. years ago yeah forever. ago but it was it. used to be called. fedex kinkos and then they just dropped. the king racist against japanese. people it is uh what it. is it is what kingo is racist. no no i said they dropped the kinkos. because fedex is racist. against japanese people i'm kidding. cuz kinkos you know. yeah kingo uh anyway yeah either. say nothing or make the cards. hand it to. them and then also say nothing. thank you next hi mad and chris. long time listener from bulgaria. love the podcast guys keep it up. so this has been happening. lately and i want to. know uh how you feel about this. okay so whenever i go off the metro. i try to. take the escalator and uh just stand. on the step like a normal. person okay but every time someone shows up and tries. to woke up the escalator now keep in mind. the escalator is not that wide. so i have to. kind of squeeze in to. the right so the person can just walk up. um i don't mind this. if it happens once or twice. um but keep in mind. there's also stairs right next to. the escalator they want to. go extra fast now it would be reasonable. if you're in a rush to. just take the stairs. right right i'm not going insane. here um anyway let me know. what you think about this. what should i tell these people whenever this. happens because it's a bit. unreasonable in my opinion no i i don't agree with him. because i i think you go. extra fast if you have the stairs. and you or have the escalator and walk up. it better than him. succinctly put say what he's getting. at what he's saying what for me. better than him rephrase what he said. better and clear than okay. he's saying i think i get it. but i'm not he's saying that. when he's on an escalator he stands. still and people are always trying. to walk by him why. don't they just take the stairs. because i'm it's always making me have to. move and stuff here's here's the truth. and i'm sorry i want to. be nice to. bulgarians because i was raised nice. boy to bulgarians but move your [ __ ] lazy ass they're just stairs. that move they're not stairs. to be lazy on now. if you have like a disability obviously there's no pressure on you to. move everybody understands this. person needs the escalator for a [ __ ] health reason. right right but dude. if you're young and ablebodied as you obviously are move your [ __ ] lazy ass well i no i don't think you have to. move your ass but then move. your ass over yes yes yes definitely definitely if i want. to go faster on the escalator then. that's definitely an option that i can. choose yeah and move it move it move it move. it move it move it. move it move it. move move it move it. move it move it. move it move it. move it move it. move it what if i broke. like that and never stopped ever until. i died honestly i would never have sex. again i would never have sex. again well yeah dude like you think about like the really basic. things being at a restaurant. having sex uh having a serious. conversation would be all over. for me move it. move it move it. move it move it. move it move it. until dearly beloved you know people crying at my funeral he was such a nice man but for the last 40 years of his life he would not stop saying you think he be 80. [ __ ] man i'm not 40 i'm 20 so okay so well it's you know what's really hard is in in australia. they they drive on the other side. of the road and then they also walk on the other side. too cuz it goes. hand in hand i mean wow. wow it goes hand. in hand like the escalators like you know. how like oh yeah the the the default. position is the other side. yeah i mean it's crazy. how much of the world. that that is true well it's only america. and i think like very rare. places in europe that do it. europe and anywhere they have that. i thought it was all the other way. around in europe i think in i for some reason. i think when we were in london. it wasn't like that no. wrong wrong okay well then it was somewhere. by the way it's the second time. this episode that he did that. the first time he said so you're wrong. right oh wow wow wow what a dick. you are he so you're wrong. what you like being such a dick. yeah that's a good interview. what is it like um i have something. else that i i have something. else you're a piece of [ __ ] i went to. the bath just back to. the first caller okay. oh wow that was when you were adicting me. by the way but go ahead. that's where i thought of it. i during this last call. i went to. the bathroom not only was the lid. the lid was down yeah there was sh. there was piss in there oh who did that who was it. who did that in there. not me someone took piss and didn't flush the st. toilet yeah it was anthony wasn't me it wasn't me you know i know you know i know it. wasn't me cuz i took a [ __ ] when i went in there and then i you know mean you know so it definitely was you know who it definitely was i know who it was i 100% know who it was i 100% know who it was it was it was anthony because he always goes to. the bathroom right after we start. recording he does oh it could have. been we had a guest. in here earlier he just said. i always flush but i did not today. he admitted it i always fl but i didn't. flush today you admitted it yes we got it no we know what you said it technically the way you said it was admitting it. so we yes we got it. that one so it might have been me. but it was you yeah you you peed so it it was not me. one thing is for sure. i'm just trying to. remember if i even peed when i was in there though. cuz i went in there. well you just go there. [ __ ] hang out go on a zoom no to. make sure i i didn't look like a [ __ ] before we started recording oh cuz i never looked at myself she i i never look at myself. before i record wow ever i always do because i don't look. at myself before i leave the house. and i realize like i'll catch myself in the reflection of something. i'll be like wow i look like such a [ __ ] isn't that something isn't that something you mean. bad well yeah okay like like looking like a [ __ ] would be good a good thing. i don't know man i mean. i don't know and it's just like you know. no uh all right i don't remember the last. submission but i think we're done. with it oh it was destiny okay let's do another. one my name is tatum i am. calling to get some career. advice from you guys so i'm currently. a case manager at a. day treatment program we treat people. with really severe ocd. and anxiety um i absolutely love. my job i've been working in behavioral. health and for this company um for over. three years now they hired. me originally in a very different. role and then a little over. a year ago they offered. me the case management position. which was very exciting for me. because you tp you typically. have to have like a specific kind of degree. oh my god credentials and experience. to have that kind of opportunity. um and i don't even have a degree. i dropped out of college. almost 10 years. ago and i am thinking. about going back but that would look like me. starting from scratch racking a bunch. of debt and doing like [ __ ] algebra homework again. and who wants to. do that yeah um the reason. i'm thinking about it is. because um like what if i want to. move again or something happens. to this company i'm not going. to be able to. get hired at the same. rate or position. that i'm in now and so yeah. i'm just trying to. feel more prepared i guess i don't know let me know what you think um i love you. so much i listened to. the patreon and congratulations. i've been here since the beginning. you're my favorite humans thank you. let me know what you think. bye thank you you. know i think that's really sweet. i think that it depends on how long you have to. go back to school. for and it usually it's probably. pretty long so i would say [ __ ] it just just live your life. it's a great question. really heard that yeah no neither have. i why didn't are they allowed. to do that that's the thing. i i allowed to. do what specifically i thought if you have to. have credentials you have to. have credentials period. like you i i don't how is there. skirting the system is it skirting. the system now wouldn't that. be making you go through. exactly the requirements of the system. unless i misund no no no she did. not get cred she doesn't have credentials. and she has the job they gave her the job. so what what would be going. back to school for in case. that something happens to. that company and she needs. to get a job at another company they're going. to be like well you don't have the credentials. yeah i misunderstood oh okay. uh or i missed. a detail in there yeah okay details yeah. so damn i mean i say it. depends on how long school. is if it's a year okay tough it. out but it's usually longer than that in which case. deal with that if it happens. i think but here's the thing. if you've leapfrogged and you've been at a company and you've successfully filled the role who cares if you have the necessary credentials to. have filled that role. you filled the it's like saying you need to. go to the minor. leagues to become a professional baseball player. and then you go to. the professional baseball leagues and you start. hitting it's not homer homer homer homer hello. homer and then another team. is going to sign. you and they're like oh we love your work. but you you were never in triaa. it's not like that because it's a legal. issue i would think if it's a legal. issue then obviously you don't have a choice. you got to go to. school right but she doesn't have to. go now no she doesn't so that's what i'm saying. just if something happens to. the company go then then go back. to school yeah totally totally is what i'm saying. you're sounding you're making it. the way you're talking about the cadence. is making it seem like we're arguing. and we're not we're agreeing on. it and that's the craziest thing. we're arguing at all. no i know but why would you to. change your cadence and like i give a [ __ ] what you want. well now like chris chris now. we're arguing uh yeah no go. to school only if you absolutely have to. don't be like oh well what if this. goes away deal with this [ __ ] when the [ __ ] comes don't deal with the [ __ ] before the [ __ ] comes cuz hey the [ __ ] might never come i agree with that and more importantly i agree with myself because i said it first so i agree with me and then you agree with me and then so i agree with me and you which solidifies how right i am you didn't say the thing about the [ __ ] coming i did and i really crystallized it when i did that okay and i really drove it home when i did that hey stop sping that i that's obvious. right cu it's so multicolored and distracting. okay i won't do it. okay great next one lovely. and great thanks for the show. you guys have me in the stair. every week it's much appreciated. anyway i'm traveling through manny gree. at the moment beautiful. place hikes in the morning. then down to a little picturesque. idealic village or a swim in the afternoon. to co i in one. of the villages just the other day. and it also had a really well reviews ice. cream store bird you can. imagine you know being for a. hik seding just had a debt i get it. yeah and ice cream sounds good. by myself an ice stream sit down go for a lich and then i'm just immediately overwhel with an intense. of b it that i'. never quite experienced before to. be honest a 40yearold dude. traveling alone as well though. there was a bit of a whiff of a dodge. di in with the feeling. of being a [ __ ] to. summarize it was a net. negative experience any pleasure. i could have derived from the ice. cream was just obliterated by the totality of how much of a [ __ ] i felt it's brings me to. my question as we're growing. older and as we're maturing should we be um trying. to they feeling a [ __ ] don't nos you can't dictate what i want. to do i don't enjoy an ice. i'll enjoy an ice or should we be listening. to these feelers are they trying. to teach us something or tell us. something or warn us. against something okay thanks again. for the show take care all. right so look nobody understood what he said i did. i did i didn't understand. anything how because i was just in australia. for two weeks okay. so break it down. and i would not have if i wasn't okay. cuz i did i like 30. to 40% i know nobody at home. understood this yeah so great go. ahead he's saying that he went to. go get ice cream because he felt like you know he deserved. it he was on a hike. or whatever that okay so he went to. get ice cream and then immediately when he had a lick he felt sa. [ __ ] about it right okay and then he said he started feeling dodge. about it which usually means. to a foreign person. that their stomach is [ __ ] up but i don't think that that's what he means so he just said the whole experience was a negative experience. even though it was getting ice. cream and the ice cream was good so he was like is it. something that uh i should be like [ __ ] that i want. ice cream i i need to. figure out how to. not feel those things or second. guess myself or are those feelings. important because they're telling him. something that maybe he needs. to address and uh as he's getting. old and then in and then in context. of that he's you know. maturing and becoming an older. he's becoming older now he's not just like an 11yearold. what dodge is gay. by the way was he saying something about [ __ ] he was saying bitchess. right he bitchiness and gayness but he was saying. the word [ __ ] over he was saying it's a [ __ ] yeah but he saying it very fast right okay yeah cu he was on so much coke yeah was he did tremendous amounts of coke. before that yeah yeah okay so yeah the the thing. that i was interested. in was the thing he said at the very end. which is is this something we should ignore. this feeling of i feel like i'm being some [ __ ] or whatever he however. he said it or is. it something that we're trying. to tell ourselves and we should not ignore. it we should in fact. listen to it and follow. that voice's lead yeah that's pretty. much what i said i mean. i'm not correcting you. oh i thought you were no. no okay i'm saying that. was the part that i on. to the most that's the most important. part i think yeah i think uh [music]. he i don't think that it's us. trying to tell ourselves anything. i think that that is us. what's weird is that when we are just going. about our our days in the world. it's like there is a cacophony. of different voices happening. in our own minds. we're talking with at least two different. voices should i do this. i shouldn't do that but what i really. want to do it. because it's this and this and yeah but you shouldn't do. it it's like well but we're one person what the [ __ ] is going. on if i'm one person then why does it. sound like there are two people arguing. in my head that is like a crazy. person right so what i think is happening. in this instance though is that that voice. in this instance is like some perceived understanding of what society. we believe society dictates we should or shouldn't. be doing in this case. if you want a [ __ ] ice cream mh eat a [ __ ] ice cream but but but also here's the major thing thing i think it's yeah it's sait and own it. it's okay to. be sa [ __ ] it's a [ __ ] to. have an ice cream i don't agree. with that no no no no no he's not talking about. it's a [ __ ] to. have an ice cream he he felt like he was like like on the thing. and like you know sweaty. and then he's like oh what the [ __ ] am. i doing so so that's fine. but be that yeah who cares. yeah right exactly so yes pay attention. to that voice and also own. that voice the other thing. is though this is something. people misunderstand all the time. if i saw somebody doing something let's say that. specific thing and i said oh my god it's a [ __ ] i understand. the instinct to. be defensive about it but it is not an insult. this is such a great. point man it is not me saying like you're a [ __ ] or something such a great point in fact that's not at all what it is yeah it's not even the same ballpark no and it's hard to. explain and make the distinction. but it the actually the difference. is vast it's not similar. it's not even in the same. no it's not i know. and people of course of course they no. i'm not because it it. sounds like you're calling them. a [ __ ] right and that is not it that is not it not what it is at all yeah um there's a certain way of doing things it's like kind of awkward. it's kind of like silly. almost childlike oh i don't know. how do you even describe. it it's basically such not but it's not. it's not it's not an insult. we oh put it this. way everyone does such [ __ ] all the time. day all the time. and when i get called i'm just like oh my god that's true. sneezed you know and i'm just like wow. i really was you know. okay you know japanese yeah. so jolly the way you that's the fun. part about it though you can really say. it in whatever way you want. it doesn't need to. be sa [ __ ] in. fact i've left sa. [ __ ] way back behind me now i'm just you know yep now i sound like an old japanese man. sometimes you just go you know. yeah and sometimes go it. yep and that's it. okay that's it you know. coming busting a of a b. load of jiz i mean. you know that term phrase. boatload boatload of jizz. yes with jizz too great. all right it's great. all right so that's there. you have it uh i'll be in uh m forgot. how to speak wi. dall to speak memphis go. chris dot com and we got to. have new uh oxnard and bre or oxnard and brea. lifeline life show so go get it. out and go get the patreon. patreon dot com life and luxury. should we go for a couple. more minutes you want to. and go like this i don't think so why would we do. that no no and we can make a song i would okay. wow dick dude dude to. play [ __ ] trick daddy or whatever. playing me out while i'm trying. to make a song playing another. song over me is that is that the game. of thrones song no no but it sounded. like it but that's what that. was but that leads me to. another thing i don't like the game of thrones. song and i don't like how they ed. it for house of dragons. as well they use it. in that yes the same. song yes it's how rich how rich is that. composer because of that probably pretty rich. but also so rich is that a given that he's rich. i i would think so yeah because they had to. make a new deal with him. for that right especially because it's on amazon. right it's not on hbo. is it yeah it is wait. it's on hb hbo it is. yeah oh what i thought. it was on amazon. what's the one on. amazon is there a different one. none of them i don't know. what you're talking about there's none of them. on amazon this is a conspiracy. thank you very much anthony. what am i thinking of i don't. know terrifier terrifier 3 isn't isn't there another big ass. fantasy show on amazon. though yeah but it's not that. there's a ton of fantasy. shows everywhere is on amazon. that's the big show that i think of the boys. that's not fantasy bro. it's superhero dude wow i understand. but the terriable he says fantasy the ter. came out today it came. out today yeah did we should watch it on luxury. we're going to all. right let's wrap this. up then and definitely do that. on luxury right. now the terrifier 3 trailer. just came out okay. perfect timing okay thanks everybody. see you guys love. you bye hello hello hello will. please hello hello hello hello 