 hi everyone um i know. that it's been a really long time. since you've heard from me. um and when the news broke. um i put out a statement. that said everything. i've done has been legal. and consensual and that's true. and i wanted that statement to. speak for itself um and i wanted to. talk immediately i wanted to. post online i wanted to. do my podcast business. as usual but i i thought that. that might not be the best. thing what might be the best. thing if i it would be if i just take this. time to be with my family. try and uh take a long. hard look at myself and and just uh and do that and um it was it. was a lot it was hard. i i first of all um i i do know. how it looks uh with the uh with all. the stuff that's been said and the the emails. that have been put out there. and what the media has been uh trying. to say and i know it. looks bad um and it it. doesn't show the full scope of the of what. happened um i stand. by the fact that all my relationships. have been consensual and legal. and that's just it um that's the truth. i threw this kind of time. away um i've seeked out a lot of kind of um you know medical advice. therapy and stuff like that. uh that doesn't matter here nor. there but what i have come. to understand is um this was always about. sex to me. my life was i mean. sex it it controlled my life. it it it was the focus. it was my focus um all the time. and i had a problem and i do have a problem it's not like you you. you know months down the line. you just kind of everything's better. um i need to. do work on that. um when i first started. doing standup and i started getting. a little bit of notoriety in my early. 30s um you know having sex got a lot easier is the you know for the lack of better words um and i felt lucky i felt like oh wow i don't need to. work as hard you know i can just do a show. and then have sex or roll. into a city and look at my uh inbox. and then just start writing and and i did man. i wrote i mean i know you've seen some of the messages. online i mean there's there's way. more than that i i would get 50. at least 50 messages after a show. each city a night and i would reply. to all of them and i thought in my uh in my mind. that being straight up with these women. was the right thing to. do i'd say hey come to. my hotel room and let's have sex. let's make out let's let's do this. let's do that and that was what i thought. was right i realized through all of this. that doing that is just treating sex. like it's casual and and being flippant with people. um and that's not the guy i want to. be it's not okay. and i'm sorry for that. it makes me feel shameful. and it makes me feel bad uh you know. people talk a lot. about the power dynamic. and about well why should someone who want who's a fan. of yours have to. worry about if you want. to sleep with them or not and i don't i don't. know where i fall on that. you know i sometimes think especially in my early. 30s i would be like well the girl has the power because that's you know they they i want to. have sex with them and and if they want to. have sex with me then great. but what i can say. is the familia the familiarity. i would use the film. familiarity that that i had with these women. to have sex i was like oh they already. used me they already. know me i didn't have. to i didn't have to. do the extra work and i was talking to. one of my friends. who uh i was talking to. one of my friends. about this and about the power. dynamic and about the familiarity. and not having to. use that and he and i said why. is this why is that behavior. uh not okay why is it. not okay to sleep. with somebody if it's consensual and they want to. sleep with you and and he said uh it's okay. well it is okay it's okay. until it's not and that was when you know. a lot of it clicked for me. it was something that just became life. controlling i mean i would think about it. all the time i would i would go. and i would do my show. and i you know like i just said earlier. and i just it was too. much and it became a uh a lifestyle that. i didn't know how to. stop i didn't even think i had. a problem i thought that this was how it was i thought that guys in my position. were lucky enough and fortunate enough and it just it. was going out of control. and i i never stopped it. i cheated on most of the girls. that i've been with i cheated on. my fiance now um and this is my dream. girl this is the girl that i want to. be with for the rest of my life. and even that wouldn't stop what i was. doing and i was headed for a i was headed. for you know what i said. before i started for this. um and this needed to. happen because i wouldn't have stopped cheating i wouldn't have stopped using sex. i wouldn't have stopped so i have a chance here. to uh to really you know. and i have been doing the work. and and being somebody who is a role. model for my son and and i want. to do that and i can't i can't stress. that enough you know. i can't go back. and i can't i can't fix that. part of me that that. that hole in me that. was trying to be filled. with that you know the loneliness. on the road or the or the fear. that i felt or the insecurity. that i you know i would i would try. to chase and just conquer with this. with sex and and it was uh it. was out of control. so i have a chance here. to apologize to. the people who got caught up. in that [ __ ] and you know the lies. that i would tell my fiancee. my friends my and uh i'm sorry. you know i think that being a comedian. um it's funny the the stuff that. you tell yourself to. make everything okay you know like the cheating and the sex every night or whatever you know any guy would do this which is not true. or um or whatever it is. and um i i just i don't know. it was too much and um i made too many. excuses uh and i i can't do it. anymore and i haven't been and i've been trying. i've been on this path recovery. now for a bunch of months. um i'm doing well and you know. it's the hardest it's the hardest. thing ever to have. to look at yourself. and realize that that's what that's what that's what. that's what it is and that's what. you've done and that's who you are. and uh so that's that but thanks for listening. and um i appreciate you. all thanks 