 runk hello hello hello hello hello hello know what know. what sometimes i say my dad. hello to you yeah and that's okay. and i and i don't are we going. by the way yeah and i don't want i don't want you. to hey what's going on. i'm texting mom back hang on. i sometimes say my dad. to you yes i i i and that's okay. because sometimes there have been like two. times where you've been like it's my dad. too why' you say my dad. mhm and that that's over. and i get it and you're right. you should always be our dad we're starting. oh this is it yeah. start the clock and uh and it's okay that i do. that so don't don't do. that anymore and you haven't. done it for a while and it's fine. and it's not your fault. but i is something that i don't want to. hear anymore and i creating. a boundary and it's you know. so you're act what you're creating. besid the boundaries you're creating a problem. when there was none correct you're right. you're right i am great. it's great what we did. there we established. there is great i don't mean. to i just have it's every time. i say my dad which is every now and then to. you mhm i think about the times. you've said that which were a long. time ago and how come you don't. do it anymore. sounds like a you problem. doesn't it how come you don't. do it anymore. uh we're going to. file that under a you. problem not a me problem. no don't say that dude. you're not a mom from the midest. file that under you problem. uh get the filing cabinet out. so so go far with it. draging the bit because i probably because i you know. it's not worth it no. probably because i've turned into. somebody who understands that people. make mistakes and i don't really hold. it against people anymore. that they do that's cool. cuz i make them too you. know everybody makes them that's cool. yeah all right i mean. that's fine talk about a bigger. mistake though not sure yeah. go ahead i don't think it's going. to be mine i think i know. which one you're it's not. going to be yours. and it's going to. be yeah leave my schedule. up but there's going to. be uh so chris the producer. mh ordered food for us. as it does normally before. we show up we eat we we show. up with an empty stomach yeah we specifically don't eat. cuz we know we're going. to eat here i spe especially today more. than any other day cusp time. because it's a cusp time. we start we're starting at a cusp time. why why would you say that. we're starting around noon. that's a cusp time. about meals it's it's it's on the cusp of two. different meals breakfast and lunch. eating at noon is weird. are we going to. eat cp time is a lunch. no it's no it's a little early. for lunch yeah you're right. okay yeah little early. for lunch i don't know if i'd say it's a cusp time. but still time to. me it doesn't matter it does. matter what matters is what he. did matters we always show. up on an empty stomach because we we we eat. yeah and then we do the show. correct now today more. than any other day i i i purposely. didn't eat okay you know. why because i still come from west. lake right and i'm judging the time. to try and get here i got here. way early i was like i could eat but good thing. i i i've got a great. meal coming before i go. right get here i get here early. i hear him say oh god. right when you got here yeah. i go what he says i ordered. i ordered the food. to san diego unbelievable. all right so now i go that's terrible. because he was in san diego. and he didn't change the location. of postmates which is that's so crazy. let's just talk about how utterly. insane that so crazy. and let's let's break down. how not how how how wild that. is to do now. now if you're going to. do it it's really not that. wild to do it by mistake. but to not realize it. immediately after to. me is unforgivable it's just to. even start to list the reasons. is like what are we doing. here it's like it's like why. is it wrong to. stab someone in the neck. like what do you want me. to list out the reasons well. i do have reasons so go. ahead no i'm saying the reasons why it's wrong. and bad and unaccept is so many you might as well. not the list is too. plentiful well what it is is uncanny. right okay well okay go ahead. and defend yourself starting with uncanny. go ahead and explain explain why. you how it happened. go ahead okay so i was in san diego. for twitchcon okay and that was the last. time i ordered food was there. okay so sure postmates documentary. on my postmates at the top. it says very small it. says the address where you're being delivered. to it's not that small. everybody has post it's a phone. just in the upper left it's in the upper. usually when you're not geolocated near. that address it says hold. up you're nowhere near here. do you have the right. thing and it's it's made me. not order f to. the wrong place before looks like you're far. away from this place yeah. yes exactly they didn't do. that it that was not there. or at least i didn't see it. it was there when i here's you know. it didn't happen because when i went to. order the food again. m oh okay it wasn't there. okay okay okay so yes i did the other reason. it's uncanny is that there's a [ __ ] zin in san diego. too that's happens to. be what we order from in yeah. and that that's the meal. we ordered in san diego. oh all right that's that to. me that the last part. is is something okay but still it's really. really moronic because it sucks. afterwards you look and you see oh they're picking it up. in downtown san diego it says zin is. preparing your order and you look where and it's at the gas. lamp district correct in san diego. we're in downtown la and it's a grid. in san diego downtown san diego is a grid. dude okay so i i mean. show is every city. but yeah i'm doing a lot. and i just it was done. and i put the phone away. i didn't sit and look at fine. it's fine whatever it's just l. lunacy and it's it's it's maddening especially since today. i specifically more than any other day. decided to make sure i didn't eat. i think the part about you specifically making sure. you didn't eat today is actually. lessening the point here i get. pissed off it's making the point. worse cuz it's making it. about you when it has nothing to. do with you purely about. him and the pure idiocy and lunacy of what. he did right but i'm adding up and wouldn't you know. it it's like making know it. yeah yeah that is a wouldn't you know. it i think we all came the most hungry. today including myself and but anyway despite all of that i'm sorry. i totally it's my fault. it's and this is what we like totally stupid. and is what we like and this. is what you're like and this. is what makes uh this. no you have an appendage hanging between your legs. because no woman would ever do that. chris knew that was coming. knew something like that. was coming accountability because everything. that you say has something like that. coming at the end joke. right so we know but you know. sometimes joke is the jokes. are you know it walking. them back walking back to. back it's a joke we know because you know you got two. nuts under you and an appendage in between. your two nuts under you you know. a sore s squirr so. anyway greedy squirrel uh i will be in birming birmingham. alabama montgomery alabama mobile. alabama uh toronto. and i think maybe sou. falls yeah sou falls. bismar north dakota oxar california we're doing the live show uh here. at lifeline live uh stay and get our patreon. for that patreon dot com. lifeline you can't make it get on the patreon. where it's going to. be and then i will be in brea. california doing shows uh at the end of de go. to chris lea dot com. for tickets and uh yeah did you want. to talk about anything. that you want to. talk about or did you want to. get into it. or did you want to. all keep on getting mad. at him for that uh i want to. talk about the fact that i wear contacts. so often now so fraking. about boring no how about that. everybody's so used to. me wearing glasses nobody's used to. this check this out everybody. it's why i can wear still wearing. glasses though wearing sunglasses. right but to. see those are not prescription. right i know but you're still wearing glasses. so to us it's the same. okay but i took them. off and now what am i doing. i don't have glasses on. but every now and then you don't take your glasses. off check out me and the oaky. again and uh down and dirty. what's that show called on hbo. he found it he's found it. out d and dirty dude. i look so good in these oakleys. it is absolutely nut. tastic actually let me go those. oakleys i understand that style i don't hate that. style those oakleys are terrible. they are nut tastic. dude all right they are utterly. nut tastic you should get the mirrored. kind this is just the beginning. nobody even understands everybody's like oh. matt's wearing oakley's now. h isn't that funny he looks. like this matt's got a baggy tshirt. on ha he looks like this. you guys have no idea what's coming. pretty soon i'm going. to be tripping on the bagginess of my tshirts. and pretty soon you're going. to be seeing reflections of yourselves. in in the lenses of the oak. poetry dude never going to. see the same pair of oaky. cuz i'm always going to. be wearing new oakleys. new oaky new oaky new baggy shirts. new baggy shirts new baggy shirts and guess. what if you don't like it. take it straight to. your mama it's nastic okay. wow i mean you that was the worst. uh wrestling promo you cut ever right. and if you don't like it. take it straight to. your mama it's not tastic. oh um we're gonna go the barbera beef. cake uh wow brett how about brett the barber. beefcake just could come. up with could come up. with any names back then. and never like all right. yeah i mean that voice. yeah i know not crazy. all right all right let's get into. it yeah just have to. bring this up um someone. submitted a question about like a wedding gift. and like oh yeah something about paying for their meal. and you guys like people went in on wrong. he's whatever and i'm like i'm confused. at you guys because i was raised. in new jersey as well. an italian family i think similar. to you guys and that was like the thing. i feel like that's all i heard my parents. talk about anytime you go to. a wedding oh well we have you. know you're paying for your meal. like i never heard that in my life. whatever the bride and groom paid. for i hear the head. count of each person like you're as a guest. like covering i hear you. covering that i never heard that. for and i feel like it's such a like jersey italian. thing yeah so i was just like so. confused that you guys had never heard of that. unless you had heard of that. and you just think it's stupid. cuz i think it's stupid. too um but maybe that's i don't know. i just had to. say that i had no idea that's interesting. i didn't know that it's interesting. it's one of those things sometimes. things slip through the cracks. i met somebody who had never seen. an episode of charles and charge were you making it. so it's not about him. sometimes it slips through. the cracks sometimes things slip. through the cracks for some reason. char you met somebody that. has never seen charles in charge is. not a slip through. the crack that's crazy. it's absolutely how old was the guy. he was seven how old was the guy. he was like our my age. well i mean i was going. to say our age but i'm way. younger than you that that is not a slip. to the cracks. it's crazy sli to. the cracks dude it's like mandela. effect he didn't even know what charles in charge was. you know what's a mandela effect. what's that that's where you think. something is something and it's not that. thing and it's a different. thing right the worst description. of all time i mean that's kazam. and shazam right yeah okay dude. um so many people come up. to me i have created a mandel. effect okay go ahead okay. my bit my drunk girls bit. they think it's say they think it's it's your alle ator it's your alligator it's not. it's crocodile what what okay. okay you know the bit yeah. i know the bit but i don't know. by heart but you know i talk about does. your crocodile oh kind of vag. remember you remember it's you you know. it it's a classic. bid and you have it. tattooed but but but dude every single person. comes up to me and says alligator every single time. it's commented online it's alligator and i i never said alligator i created. a mandela effect interesting. i am and when i say interesting. i mean utterly uninteresting. i'm influential got it so um but yeah this is interesting. it's slip through the cracks. just like my friend who never seen. charles char but that's not a slip. through the cracks thing as not seeing charles in charge dude. how about how [ __ ] jingles used to. be that was kind of a charles in charge of our. days and our nights. i want charles char we should go. over the all of the ones. we can think of in. kinky if you think about it. what's kinky charles i want. charles in charge of me. oh yeah it's like sn kind of yeah. yeah it is a little bit yeah. seom masochism huh yeah yeah time. me up on you know what i mean. yeah i do yeah um on the bed. posts spread me out yeah. please i need [laughter] water. i would do i would we should have. had a safe word banana banana it's banana. i want it is a little bit. that yeah um but to. what she was talking about. i don't know what to. tell you it's it the bottom line. is it's a bad way. to think of it. but i understand that it's a thing. that it's so it was so ubiquitous for you. growing up i know big words. that you don't you don't. know how we didn't hear. about it too maybe. we did it just slipped. through our cracks i honestly it. somehow slipped through our cracks. yeah maybe stop saying slipped. through our cracks it. slipped through our cracks. somehow it sounds sexual you. know slip it in my crack making everything. into a sex thing i forget. the safe word and i want i can't remember costard was it. costard i hope it is because otherwise i'm just saying. custard getting slammed custard would. be such an upsetting. safe word that's so gross. to think about during sex. custard custard custard custard custard is just a disgusting. thing what is custard i. don't know it's in clue. what is it though. it's like an english. delicacy so english people have no idea how to. eat things i got roasted for saying that one time. people make bad food. dude yeah no they do i know but it's like a thing. it's like a stereotype. english people have [ __ ] up food. don't care but i got hammered for it. oh you never had an english. breakf you never had proper english. break shut up yeah you know what they were do. they were saying that eating beans. in a tomato. at 10 a.m. they were saying here. we go custard is a variety. of color prer based on sweetened. milk cheese or cream cooked. with egg or egg yolk. to thicken it so dairy. that's like so dairy that's disgusting. i mean the most dairy thing of all. time oh it is a sweet. it's like an actual dessert. a sweet so far. it is it is sweet. i didn't know if it was a sweeter or if it was a savory who cares. oh yeah who cares. all right let's do it. when is the correct time. to fill up an ice. cube tray with water i believe. it is when you take an ice cube. out you immediately fill that space. with water so that there is always a full frozen. tray of ice in the freezer. also i think i'm your long. lost sister um also i love when you guys. talk about '90s music. especially um grunge and hip hop and alternative. all of it all of it. and she's awesome first of all. that was our long lost. sister hello she's awesome uh crazy she's driving with no. no hands that's amazing. but she's awesome how quick she is. she talking about the thing. uh and what did she what. was her question the ice. ice cube tra okay that's what i okay. i think it's crazy but i really like how how staunch she is. about it like i'm i'm i'm i like that. but that's that's bonkers you. know that's a thing you would say though. and you're [ __ ] that's what i'm saying. that's why i like her. but let me just say this. don't don't ever fill up. an ice cube tray why would you you. have to if it's empty you don't. though you can just get ice or have ice be being made in your fridge. such a rich guy. what a dick [ __ ] get a better. fridge get a better fridge. what a dick [ __ ] you are get a better. fridge like what a entitled [ __ ] ahead order work harder get a better. fridge that's so stupid that's honestly. should be on a tshirt. ice cube trays work harder. get only get filled up when all of the cubes. are gone the end i'm joking. okay about what you kind of made it. real about how like i was being okay. go ahead a rich. [ __ ] you were being a rich [ __ ] but i was joking though. okay but also get work hard. get a better fridge. so you're not joking i mean. dude it's a great saying it's inspirational. it's [ __ ] something that tony robbins would do. work hard get a better fridge. that's like not at the top. of anyone's list you know. work hard relax on the ice tray. work hard relax on the ice tray. get a better fridge. work hard get a better ruining the catchiness of the fridge. ruining how bad the already. bad saying was so the only the only thing to. say to her query. is you fill up the ice. tray when it's entirely. empty never before that no. and you never leave one. out if you're the one that takes the last ice. cube i disagree with you. you better you best. be filling that [ __ ] up it back. if there's one ice cube. left and you take the last ice. cube your whole family is in ruins. everything you do is awful. in life you need to. have a few ice. cubes left for a drink you put one ice cube. in a [ __ ] drink your whole. family's in ruins there's a second part. to this though if you put it back. with just one ice cube. in it you are demented. crazy person so don't fill it. up when they're all gone. fill it up when they're not all gone. fill it up more along. the lines of how many are are if i say if half. are gone fill up the other half. you know what really that's cra. you know what else you could. do what i have two. things i want to. say one first of all [ __ ] you guys you should get a recepticle to. dump the [ __ ] ready ice in and so you you know what i mean. and then you can keep that. was a rich guy what if they can't. afford a recepticle or re work harder get a recepticle. that's a great quote honestly for a shirt and then the second thing is like you can buy an ice maker. on the tik tok shop. now for like [ __ ] 25 there we go rich. guy dude work harder get an ice cube. tray maker on [ __ ] tik tok ice cube. tray maker that's a great. work harder get a receptacle. work even harder get a uh. ice maker on tik to. tik tok that's affordable work even harder get a better. fridge that's an awesome you can do. it like crosby stills nash. those stupid shirts that have the [ __ ] you know i hate those [ __ ] shirts what is that i don't know what that is what are those shirts pull it up no it's just oh he'll never find it yeah what is it oh dude this anthony won't find it so hard that when you said pull it up anthony literally goes like this and turned away from the computer to. find his computer first that's how hard it. it will be for him. to find it wait. what's the screen part. that's him what's it called. it's not called anything crosby still's. nash shirt it's it's not. going to come up. let's see it's a style of shirt. that is hip now that's cool. that people get that i hate no. see it's not that it's it's it. okay it'll be like um it'll try. to be cute like it'll say um logan. scott xavier yada yada and those are the xmen yeah oh oh oh oh i know. what you're talking about it's not. that no you know what i'm talking. about the sty shirt. yeah got it and and i don't like those. shirts yeah those are bad. yeah who would ever get. that shirt so uh so here's the deal. um here's something great about fridges. want to know something great. about fridges just i'm [ __ ] like an encyclopedia. with all this [ __ ] sure okay we bought a house. the fridge just straight up. doesn't work now oh i knew that yeah. you know when you get a house. you you get inspectors okay the inspector come in and tell you what. doesn't work the inspector didn't tell us. that the fridge doesn't work. yeah that's that should that should be a reason. for the entire deal to. fall apart by the other dude. first i didn't even know this. do you know how much a fridge. is yeah i mean i know. how much that can be yeah. like grand right yeah more the high end. is crazy more 20. 20 high 20 grand. yeah yeah so like you want to. buy a fridge or a porsche. and yeah and so jesus. 20 grand so i'm like oh well cu i was like well let's just buy a new fridge. and then they're like it's 18. grand i'm like what okay. so i'm like okay hold on do. we have like insurance or anything. like this and what about the inspector because now i'm like this. is [ __ ] yeah you know and uh and they're like well the inspector didn't said it worked and then we got a guy come out to. check the fridge. he said there's no way. this fridge worked for the family. before you it's been broken for a long. time i know i'm a fridge. master and he's been working. on fridges for 17 years. i believe him yeah he needs. to either we need to. either get the fridge fixed or buy. a new fridge. yeah that's how it works. we got to get the fridge. fixed you know how much it is to. fix a fridge probably half. of that yeah right okay. so i'm like oh for [ __ ] just get a new fridge. the guy goes no you shouldn't do. that and i was like why. and he said because uh it uh new fridges are way. worse than all fridges so. now i'm like this guy's a conspiracy. the i might as well up. anthony i ag i agree with that guy that's a sick thing. to say so i'm like that's crazy. why he's like the computer. system and i said what do. you think about pizza gate. he's like it's completely real. i'm getting a gun and going. to dc he says you know. anthony i agree with him. yeah yeah yeah yeah so so so i say oh wow. really is it real or not. and they're like really so i call my realtor my realtor says yeah. no it is true. old fridges are better. than new fridges so i go [ __ ] now i'm in a real dilemma. damn cuz also i want to. have a new fridge. it would look dope. new fridges aren't as good. as old fridges but it's too much. also so i'm like i guess i'm going. to have to. pay seven grand and just he's going. to gut the fridge. and fix it and then i go. like this yeah but what if i pay. for it and it still doesn't work. and he goes like this. i've never kn fixed the fridge. oh i trust that guy. without with all my heart. do you know how dope that is yeah. i do so i'm like that's why. i trust how long you been. working he says 17 years. and i go all right. yeah he said i've never not. fixed a fridge and he said this. is what he said i've never not. fixed a fixed a fridge. i've never not fix a viking. fridge like doubling up like i never not fix. a fridge and like oh boy. this is a viking i've never not. fix a viking yeah yeah viking. get it yeah all right. so so that's what's going. to happen i guess well that's why. it's so expensive though the viking. [ __ ] obviously it's not a [ __ ] fridge you'd buy it a yard sale man it's it's me we're talking about dude uh yeah i give you 150 the fridge snob over here. [ __ ] yeah it's it's obviously not a [ __ ] yellow one you know what i mean well like it's stainless steel oh there's also there's also another [ __ ] part that is on top of it that isn't even doesn't even belong. to the fridge. that is a different part. that they put there that they owners know doesn't belong. there they really [ __ ] me man. what are you talking about. they [ __ ] me out of the fridge. money what you just said makes no. sense do fridges usually come. with houses yeah they do in california. at least i don't know how it is really yeah. yeah man get over it. lighting and el elect and it's part. of lighting and electric you son. of a [ __ ] dude anthony get over it all right. so anyway uh halfway is the ice. tray thing halfway that's too. that's crazy no it's not because dude. you're [ __ ] if you if you want ice refilling the ice tray. is like making a bed. nobody wants to do it. and it's going to. get done so do it. at the last minute i completely. disagree filling an ice tray. is so easy making a bed. takes a long time. i hate it all. it's not that bad i what. she's doing is respectable and that's nice what she's doing. is coco crazy crazy. but it's respectable coco crazy guts okay. next okay next i know this guy we know this. guy going to cook. some breakfast oh so boring this. guy deserves his on cooking. show emerald oh god you. know what are we looking at i don't even know i'm going. to cook some breakfast. and he [ __ ] lit up a snickers bar. bro so bad don't do. it [ __ ] out of here. hey d that's it. crazy people in the world huh. dude why did you send us. that why did you show. us that i get why he would show. us this to. show us the the the wheel. the gamut of the maniac. but that's we have no advice. for you give up advice. give up i have advice change your eating. habits don't eat that. for breakfast i got news for you. there's another [ __ ] one in here too oh no dude. come on man let's keep them. going i i should have kept it. to one okay go go. you're making and you should order. the food from but you're making. mistakes all day you might as well. stick with it get them. all out of the way. today go ahead oh hey rob his dick. to all right guys have a problem at work. oh it's rob don't know what. to do a few months. ago i said to. my boss have you tried. this new donut shop he said no i said have a look at their menu. online which one would you have i'm going. to go in and get some he told me. which one he wanted i walked in town. picked up the donuts came back. gave him the donut. he said i'll take it. home and i'll share it. with my daughter tonight he has this thing. with his daughter it's kind of cute. when he shares food. with her next morning. i says how did you like your donut. he says oh we both loved. it and i thought that was the end. of it then two 3. weeks later i'm looking everywhere for a pair. of rubber gloves i'm looking at all. the cupboards no one's in the office. it's only me i thought my boss. has got some i looked in his bottom drawer. here's the donut box. i thought oh no surely. not surely not opens up the box. and here's the donut it. hasn't been touched what the [ __ ] am i supposed. to do with this information how long's that. donut going to sit there before. he [ __ ] bends at exit. hold on that's wild. i'm a little bit confused. crazy no it the accent. was hard for me okay. not for me i i i heard every word. i'm really good at this. same okay no obviously what. did he say i get it. i get it kind of but but explain. i mean the short. version is he got his boss. a donut cuz he wanted to. get try something from the doughnut. shop what the boss said he brought his boss. a dut just to. try one out m said great. i'm going to take it. home to my with to. share with my daughter tonight. it's the thing he does. with his daughter he reports. back the next day we both. love the donut he's looking. for something in the office. he can't find it he goes. to look in his boss's office. to find it donut. still there and he finds the donut. still there so he lied. to him the boss. lied to him yes oh yeah. that's hilarious yeah i love it. but that's i love it. i you know what that's the kind of boss. you want to. work for i agree actually but why would just will [ __ ] make his workers happy. yeah exactly it's like it's like he's he's kind of doing. what bosses do the opposite. of right which is kind of like going. out of his way lying really. to make his employees feel better. about but what the the weird. thing is why would he care. about why would he care. about making you feel good. about donut you randomly. chose why make up. the whole yarn about the daughter. and [ __ ] i thought that he said he picked the donut. because the the the boss wanted that one. no oh he said pi there's what do you. think is good here and rob. just picked one got it okay oh wow. maybe the guy's got a super like you know. everyone has to like me. thing i know people like that the boss. yeah i mean again. that would only be a good thing. for you either way here's what you do. with the information about the donut. specif get that out of your head. you have a free donut. for you just yeah or eat it. who cares though just get that. information out you never found it. what you found was evidence that your boss. is going to lie. go so far as to. lie to. make you feel okay. be happy at your workplace. make it let let it make you feel good. all right damn because the thing about the donut. you're i'm hry for c. mysteries of the world that we never are going to. solve this is probably one of them about your boss you got to. get it out of your head. as early as possible. cuz you don't want it. kicking around up there what if it was another donut. what if he really liked it. and got another one. dude you don't know you don't know and then he hid it at the office. overnight hide it he just put it how long is was it. there two days oh we don't know yeah. dude and he then he's like when should i b. it yeah because well that's crazy. don't b it don't also don't say bennett. no unless but no but that's what they say. i know i'm saying to. him don't say ben but also maybe maybe rob that's part. of his job is to. clean out his do boss's desk. you don't know oh well. he if it is then he wouldn't have put it in his desk. cuz boss is not a [ __ ] [ __ ] trying to. get caught subconsciously trying to get caught. the jinx it's like the jinx. with donuts well maybe then if that's if he's subconsciously trying. to get caught then he's got pissing didn't eat. it he's got like a weird. psychological hangup or something give didn't give. it to my daughter of [laughter]. course uh yeah dude eat it's in the bottom of shelf. my he's rob's going to. want to bend it of course. does he say of course or something. in the bathroom yeah yeah he says them. all killed them all of course. that's his famous line really. killed them all of course chilling. yeah yeah dude dude remember when that. first aired how much everyone in america. was in agreement that that was the most epic [ __ ] that. ever happened there wasn't a person. in america that wasn't watching. the jinx everyone was shocked and everyone. stood up off their couches even lazy. [ __ ] like you guys and were just like wow this is absolutely mental. and really it really truly was mental. wasal it was a truly mental. moment in he need to. expel that confession out because he it just had to. come out somehow speaking. of expelling confessions or expelling things because they have to. come out have you guys. seen the act of violence. yeah sorry the act of killing. yeah what is it the act. the documentary the act of killing. no who is it about. uh it's about a genocide that took place. and the filmmaker goes to. where it took place. and interviews one particular soldier sort of. foot soldier in the army that. executed the genocide and it's all about him. that executed that they still think is it. malaysia that they still think of them. as heroes the people that committed the genocide. it would be like if in germany. hitler was revered and the people that did it. all the nazis were thought. of as heroes right okay but throughout the course of umary the filmmaker. oppenheimer has them like reenact the [ __ ] it's called the act of killing. it's like that's sort of a double. meeting uh and these people who are heroes of the of the whole. region go and reenact all. the famous killings and terrible. torturing they did right it it. sounds like the other one uh and through the act of doing. it he's sort of brought face to. face with it and by the end. there's this crazy moment. that it's the craziest thing. i've ever seen committ on camera in my life. it's what's it called. again the act of killing. it's no it's it's about the one. in uh oh oh oh this. is the this is the best. not only the best documentary. i've ever seen yeah it's one. of the best movies i've ever. seen that's what i always say. yeah oh really yeah it's like the best. movie in the last 20. years this is just it's and this is one. at the end where he's just like. yes oh dude that's the moment. i'm talking about it's the most amazing. thing i've ever seen on camera. i forgot it was called. the active to see. it in isolation would be meaningless. though you have to. watch the whole movie to. to make the end matter. so don't just go watch. look at the end no. no this is phenomenal you. know what it he took like 25. years to make it. or something crazy just art yeah it's just art yeah it's it's it's art dude you want to. know you guys want to. know what art is bro. i i i [ __ ] maybe your opinion. just went out the window. you know all right dude. it's art all right uh what was that. it oh yeah just i don't know. just eat the donut. free donut um my question for you guys i think you will relate to. a well i have i get angry. a lot so i have what get whenever. i'm out in public. and a stranger does something. messed up or you would say. want to know something fascinating. about this guy sure. he's the only guy in history that. has worn a necklace that's actually smaller. than the circumference of his neck. how did he do it. that's well it's the way. it's falling but that's funny. dude do not explain. it it's what i said is. tremendous has the thinnest mustache. since 1930 everything about this. guy is small since 1930 that is the since i want to. say it since 1930 he has the thinnest. mustache any man has ever had okay. yeah dude he he is the thinnest. mustach a con looks at. it and goes like this. that's thin now that is thin. yeah all right so anyway. he gets mad a lot. of times i've always stood up for myself. or even sometimes you know. said something kind of kind of harsh. to them or whatever. i believe you have yes normally. deserved but um wow recently. i had a situation where it kind of escalated. they ended up threat. threatening me and it just got kind of weird. my question for you guys is how do you handle. that when someone's doing something out of line. or something you know. disrespectful those sorts of things. do you stand up. for yourself despite not knowing what the person's capable of or who they. are how they'll respond. or do you kind of just bu. your tongue just curious how you guys handle those situations. thank you uh it depends if it's to. me or like to. a loved one i if it's to. me i i it takes a lot. if it's to. a loved one hey dude i go berserk. okay i go berserk. i said give me a moment. and then i go berserk. i definitely get way more. more upset if it's just someone i care about that i'm with but than i do. about myself but i'm going. carry a flamethrower often times. out in the world i see somebody being disrespectful. it's not to. me or someone i'm with it's it's it's to. like i remember one. time i was at the beach. same and i saw this. family and the and the father of the family. they were all eating chicken. and the father was eating. this chicken and just like when he would finish. it something that was it. was like chicken wings so there were a lot. of pieces he would just literally throw the ball. that's terrible yeah and he's doing this. in front of his little kids. and i just kept thinking these kids. are [ __ ] cuz they're going to. grow up and be disgusting. people just like their father but what am. i going to do. say hey right you don't act like this. in front of your kids. like that's his family. i know i know and it's his world. just as much as my world. yeah but you could be like hey dude. come on man this beach. i like this beach don't be putting [ __ ] chicken bones everywhere i no i totally could but i'm saying that is just under the line. of me getting involved. i'm not going to. get involved when it's like questionable in any way. when it's completely and 100% over the line. someone saids something [ __ ] up to. me or obviously especially someone i'm with that. i care about then obviously i say something. come up may sometimes. you have to. say something in a situation. where it immediately and readily appears like you're going. to get your [ __ ] ass ked right right right right right if you can avoid that obviously though great but like sometimes you don't have a choice it really is like okay here we go i'm going to. i'm going to go. i'm going to put my face. on the line right. now now you know um but yeah yeah it's tough but i think there's a way. to draw the line. clearly where you can know. ahead of time if something like that. is possible in the situation. or not you sound like you got a temper problem. though temper problems are different. take a beat take a deep breath. and think i before you do. anything just remind yourself you have. a temper problem that your your impulse. to do things it's distorted in that. immediate moment take a beat you'll. be shocked to. see how much less angry. and ready to. rumble you are after that. brief moment it's really just a split. second ready to. rumble it's a little longer. for me is it yeah. it's not a split second dude. for me it's a it's a it's a it's a length. of a breath deep. breath oh wow and in that. deep breath reminding myself right. i distort reality right and that's what i'm feeling. right now is not how i'm going. to feel in a minute. 5 minutes 10 minutes and knowing that remembering that part of it. is just living long. enough to know to. and have made the mistake. enough times to. know you know and that's not always easy. when you're young like you even though. you have a mustache as thin as clark. gable you would think you're 104 years. old but really you look. like you're 25 and a [ __ ] necklace shorter than the circumference. of your own neck how do you do. it that's crazy yeah it's fine. it's interesting okay so next one. oh here's here's the talking about trying. to get a dildo out. of his ass i mean you know. people are crazy huh. they just send that they just send that. yeah they just sent that. what do you mean. of course but like for what i don't. know sitting on a dildo. sitting on a dildo trying. to get it out of his trying. to get a dildo out. of his there go great. um that's we're on in the background. that is hilarious that is so funny. that is so funny also the worst. room i've ever seen in my life. i kind of like that guy. what do you think no. that yeah i'm sure he seems cool. but he seems cool he's eating. up our space what does. that mean yeah what do you mean. like our space in the in the in the inbox. he's got it's f. short at least yeah that's true. it's fine it's fine. that he did this it's great. he's loaded he's c he's. legitimately on so many drugs so he has $18 million in a trust. fund somewhere waiting he doesn't even. know he has it but he's going. to find out in like a couple months. that he has all that money. and didn't realize it yeah okay it's a long. time listener congratulations and want. to thank you both for the entertainment. you can provide each. week love listening to. you guys question for today is. what do you guys. recommend um to. essentially create or help grow. a relationship with your siblings. when you all are adults. for contexts me and my siblings. come from a pretty like messed up. childhood uhuh uh i'm the youngest. of the three i'm in my late. 20s and uh my sister called. me a couple weekends ago. we had a long talk. you know got stuff off our chest. and just essentially had a heart. to heart um but anyways. uh both agreed like maybe we should start. a text chat amongst us. three siblings to. you know be consistent get something. going i like that but it. sounds corny but i think it'll work i i think about how much our relationships. has grown because of text chains for real not me and you i'm just saying everyone like you keep in touch with so many people because of that also though think about the other side of it which is that we it's like a lazy way to. do it and how much are we missing out. on by not making phone call. or meeting up with someone for coffee. or a walk or whatever. mee i don't know the texting is really. keeping in touch but are we really satisfying that. need as social animals. that we have i think i am. do you really think so i don't think you are. in particular what i think i'm better. at it than you i think you're missing. out on it more than anyone i know what i'm describing. mean see talking to. people and being hanging out but i do that. you do hang out. with people yeah who else can i point instead. of you uh i bet anthony. does that he's got a text. chain for pizza gate going on yeah. dude he's got the pizza gate. you guys still real right. all of it there wasn't one. part that was fiction. that that's that's anthony's last text in the chain. there's 80 of them. on there and you know there. wasn't one part that was ficed. okay guys got to. record lifeline yeah uh well i don't know what do you what what really was his question though who cuz he it's interesting he he had a question and then he answered it. really well at the very end and now i don't know. what to he you. answer you answered it the text. ch is a great idea. because here's the thing if you're going. to if you're you're going. to if you maybe you're trying. to grow the relationship. which is what he said right. yes so i think it's a perfect way. to do that it's a perfect. way to do it. because you'll figure out if you want to. see each other by just saying stuff. yeah on the text. messages yeah and it's kind of it's it's a softer way in than getting. together every week or something it's that makes it's like a good first step toward exploring more. intense and better relationships. with your siblings i think. that's a great idea okay. stick to it though. if it starts slipping like make sure you send a text. i'm a tex yeah shoot. one out make sure it keeps going okay. i go to chickfila every time. i'm at work right gra. down there and then there's this dude. there kind of like you know. not all the way. there just say it like that. this this uh young black dude. and i live i'm in like a pretty predominantly white. town so this kid sees. me all the time like yo. yo yo what's up. randomly comes up to. me like y you got snapchat. i was like yeah and he's like and me. on snapchat so i'm like all right. and it's enough he going. to add him on snapchat. he's posting like weird stuff on. there just like up close. f face selfies and [ __ ] and then i start pulling. up to the curb. side to get your order. just like pull up and they'll bring you. out your order and every time well the first time he's like yo you think i could get a fry. real quick because i'm hungry. and all this stuff i'm like what. they don't feed you. in there you're not so you're not allowed. to just like take a fry. and stuff he's like no. no i'm like all right. i hand him like i think i hand. him two fries then he like leans inside. my car and just stuffs it. all on his mouth what. and then look like all right. thanks and like goes back. and now every time i come second time. i i come again oh yo you think i can get a fry. d d i'm like all right. give him a give him a fry. and then i drive away. i'm like damn i gave him. like the biggest fry out. of the thing kind of feel jipped. a little bit and then the third. time i come he don't even. asked for the fry he just expected. like yo you know. what to like let me get the fry. i'm like bro i got to. give this guy a fry. every time i [ __ ] pull up i don't want to. be mean like yo get yourself. your own fries you know as i said he's not all the way. there and it's just like damn. bro should i just do i pay. the fry tax every time. i go to do get chickfila or what. what what should i do fr. told dude i have a question. though before you answer what. did he mean why. don't they about don't they feed. you what what is he saying. yeah does he work. there made it seem like i think that maybe maybe he was just saying cuz he's there. a lot that he's don't i think. he would have been he's like you don't get guy. works at chickfila right does he he's just thinking he oh so he does. that's what he he does. work at chickfila he didn't say. he he did not say. that at the time he goes. to chickfila and the guy that he said he's not all the way. there i figured he was a homeless. guy yeah so did i bad. bad setup dude way to. [ __ ] go manory i also might be wrong you're probably wrong you're probably wrong. bad setup to. the story man way to. go man hold on but it's a valid. it's a good good video. though thank you for making it um yeah yeah i'm just saying i uh you this. is perfect dude you got you have his snapchat. mh so just write him. there when you're home. later and be like yo man stop asking for my fries. or this way you don't. have to be confrontational. to a crazy person. or let [ __ ] if he does work there let now chickfila no and here's the thing if he does work there obviously know if he doesn't work there let chickfila know there's there's somebody acc costing [ __ ] customers trying to. make them give him their food. they don't want that they'll take. care of that you don't. need to go to. the [ __ ] guy and say hey i don't want to. you don't need to. write him on snap guys don't want. to deal with him. directly i have his snapchat. so write him there thank you. very much i have to. i have to go. just be like i don't want to. get the f i don't want. to get the cops involved. cuz that's crazy but can you guys. handle this [ __ ] guy stealing fries. could you handle this. guy who keeps asking me. for [ __ ] fries he's right at the drivethru. get him out of here. what are you here for it's your place. of business you can tell me. because i'm place my business it's so fu. that's so [ __ ] annoying dude i'm i'm mad. on your behalf business. man you could tell because i might play some business. [ __ ] that guy [ __ ] that guy you know who said that yeah man tac okay you know why why why he said it it's the one of the greatest quotes to. me of all time no. goe i think it's the greatest. quote of all time all right. what is it he beat a case. walked out of the courtroom. and they were like tupac. how do you feel t. he's they're trying to. pin the [ __ ] on me. i'm not like this they're trying. to say i'm like this. but i'm not like this. you know i'm like not like this. because i'm a businessman and you could tell i'm a businessman because when you when you look for me. you can find me. in my place of business. which is where who [ __ ] knows dude. so why is it great. it's um un because it sounds great. it's hilarious okay yeah it's funny. but but it's not the best. quote of all time see see what i'm saying. i like the refrigerator one that we should make sure yeah that was a good. one what about what i said. about oakley in the beginning. that was pretty great too. it uh something about you know uh tell your mother. or something like that i don't remember i feel like i would remember if it was really. good oh it was good. we can rewind that all right. all right another one hey guys i am a bit. behind i'm on episode 118 body knowledge thank you. if you go back and reference the the opening. of the show uh you might notice that. matthew points out somebody sneezing. somebody has a weird sneeze. and he mentions it. and christopher scolds him for this. he says don't do that. don't reference things happening. off camera nobody understands what that. is you shouldn't do it. yeah dude fine whatever but then just a minute. or two later uh the producer gets up and leaves. and then comes back and christopher points. it out he mentions that. the producers gone or something this is happening. off screen i described it. though so what's happening. is is he is doing exactly. what he just told mat. not to do i'm not. being hypocritical and so my question. becomes matthew uh what do you do. with a bossy hypocritical bossy. pant i'm second question is uh in regards to. mobile alabama now i'm saying it. wrong we all know. it's mobile but uh if anybody's been watching the show. they've heard christopher uh say mobile oh you say. for some reason for weeks care. what it is and uh i was really. looking forward to. witnessing in real time the education of chris uh learning. mobile alabama i think somebody's already taught it. to him and he kind of been skipped over. so could you guys revisit that and explain to. me how he came to. know oh that it's m how did you come find. out that it was mobile. than it's mobile it's mobile yeah i know. that how did you come to. learn that because somebody told me there's his answer. that's it he's asking me. when i learned it yeah how did oh yeah somebody told me. yeah um um but also um so you're a hypocrite. and everybody knows it they watch the show. u mobile uh uh i'm not a hypocrite. because i remember when that happened. you see don't do that. get refer to. it off the screen and then he got up. and i said our producers getting up. i was describing what was happening. so you didn't mean don't talk. about what's happening off. screen you meant don't talk. about happening off. screen unless you explain it. entire okay yeah that's still being hypocritical. though you didn't fully explain. it just cuz you understand. in your head what you meant. you need to. go by the words you. said outwardly cuz people won't understand. unless you say the right. words i say the right. words so many times trump. yeah that oh wow. look how look at the non. sleeves on this guy's shirt. though well vnecks are bad. it's basically the his sleeves. are cut off but they're not vneck. are bad it's unless they're enormous. that's the rule we came up. with this rule together yeah. dude trust trust me. vneck are terrible unless they're. enormous vex next vex i said instead. of vex next hi chris and matt it's a little dark i'm in the parking. garage at work but straight to. the point when are you considered. rude or what like when is it. rude to. not hold the door. open for somebody oh like for example. if you're at the top. of a staircase and they're at the bottom do. you sit and wait like stand. and wait and hold the door. open for them to. get to the top or do. you just keep going cuz i will keep going. my boyfriend will stand there. and wait and then i get irritated. because i'm trying to. go like we're trying to. get to where we're going. and he'll stand there. and wait for them to. get all the way to. the top m but then i get called rude because he's just being a gentleman and polite and i do hold the door. open for people if they're right. behind me or like coming. up like within steps but at the bottom of the staircase. no that's crazy cuz also am i the dick. for that anyway love you both. two stairs you are entirely. correct but here's the thing. that you guys are not realizing. that you should use as part. of your argument next time. it comes up it is. often something that makes someone else. hurry or go at a pace. that they not you open. a door for somebody when at the bottom of a staircase. they're going to be like oh now. i got to run. up the stairs to. make this guy seem feel [ __ ] polite i'll get it. i'll get up there when i can go ahead. that's what i do go. ahead yeah yeah go ahead. might take a break. who knows but even that is. still you got to. say something and think it all the way. through like you open a door. for somebody if they're really close. that's like that's like when when you're waiting. across the street and a car. slows down and they're like you're like dude. you're the car that's not as bad. because it is california. state law that they it's still annoying. but they have to. stop legally i know but also jaywalking is illegal. so it's an illegal. on top of an illegal. aren't you talking about at a crosswalk. though speaking of yes that when we got the merch go to. lifeline merch dot com. wen't you talking about at a crosswalk. though no i wasn't oh just on the stre not. crosswalk crossw no that is annoying. yeah yeah totally um uh but but yeah no uh you here's the rule. okay it's very simple if the door would would fully close. naturally before the person approaching would get there you don't hold the door open. if the door would be because you happen. to know how fast doors closed. and you know how far someone. is in the pace at which they're going. so if the door would be like a few inches closed. you gota be a [ __ ] mathematician okay then whatever eyeball it. man you don't need to. be exact if you're close. enough [ __ ] you okay you get you get what i'm saying all right i think that honestly so i walked out of a oh man i walked out of deli the other day with kristen there was an old couple that walked out that's their fault. they're old okay well next just kidding. but also what happened wasn't even. that bad i walked out they they walked out. the two of them walked. out kristen walked out first okay wait kristen walked out first to. the deli she walked out where are the old. people between me and kristen. oh okay okay kristen walked out first. okay then the old lady. opens the door the old man. walks through the door yeah. and the old lady is now going. to walk through the door. yeah she held it open. for the guy she held it. open for the guy but then r gender roles okay. but i walked through. also while the woman was holding it yes okay. but she didn't hold. it open for me. okay i you could tell okay. i just did it yeah. cuz i'm quick and younger. than them and i can get through. it okay kristen said you can't. do that and i said really. she's like that's rude. really cut in between them. and i said what are you talking. we're new in town. i don't want to. be like i was like no. i'm i'm if that happens. again just so you know. i'm doing that wait wait. what what do you mean. in between them oh oh. he went then you went then she went. yeah pretty kind of yeah okay. did they seem like put out. no no but of in her. head she probably thinks that they had a big. face on but they didn't you know i'll be honest. i'm having trouble even picturing this. how did you end. up slipping through the door. this is so weird. there i'm nimble i admit. it so what were you thinking. when you went nothing i want. to get out of this. place they were going slow i don't know i was going. faster it's more that i was going. faster i'm nimble there. i said it bro. it's weird that you did. that i agree with her. i don't think it's rude. per se but i i do think it's really weird. that you did that like they're what they're going. through the door wait just wait a second. it was there was so much. room for me to. do it how though i guess. that's what i'm getting confused. it was like a double. door it was a double. door dude dude okay so what i already. admitted i'm nimble both. of them were open. oh my god bro both doors. what do you guys. think besides anthony i agree. with chris okay oh [ __ ] yeah dude anthony uh i believe in pizza gate. i'll be in dc. in november i'm taking care of everyone. i agree with chris too okay. oh yes dude all right. then i then i can see it. i'm i must not be chadri. on oh wow i i must uh i must be misunderstanding. it it didn't hurt. anybody it didn't hurt. anybody of course it didn't. hurt anybody i'm not saying you. [ __ ] them over i i literally i i go like this and and and and kristen goes like this. chris like i'm supposed to. know what i'm even ups what what what. i said what no. i won't be pressured i i still agree. with kristen yeah interesting yeah interesting i don't but she said rude. that's not the right word for me. but i agree that it's like just what are you doing. well let me tell you something. if i'm doing that yeah and kristen and i'm opening. it for kristen and somebody does that to. me i don't even think about it. i'm thinking about that. and i actually don't like that. someone did that so i now. i fully agree with no. you know what you are a. woman you're a [ __ ] for this you're you i didn't know my brother was a [ __ ] oh you learn something new every day huh i mean it's okay i'm glad you're standing your ground. that's not b yeah i just i just think that uh unconvinced. yeah by my how much is the will there. be a movie in 1999 that. came out that called unconvinced. and it's about a jack black playing a character. named vince and he oh wow. and he uh and he has no opinions of anything. i would have watch that. in a [ __ ] second same dude. 90s indies dude give me all. of them uh all right. we got we got another one. in the chamber what's up. guys quick question when you're on the phone. with somebody and the conversation. is over do you press. the hangup button on the phone like a normal person. or do you just set the phone. down and assume the other person. is going to hang up. the phone my mom has done. this my whole life really. she will get done. on the phone and she'll set it. down or put it in her. purse and just assume that i'm going. to hang up ph. god cra that's crazy uh i've never told i don't know if she knows that she does. it i've tested it. and it'll go on for minutes. w of me just sitting in her. purse and i can hear everything. she's doing and if i forget to. hang up the phone she'll be able. to hear everything. i'm doing wow i just i don't know. if i'm crazy or if a normal. thing um let me know. appreciate you guys crit. you might be crazy because that. woman raised you that woman. does that and is clearly crazy. and that means other ways. she's crazy as well she raised. you in a way that made you crazy. probably too so yes you're crazy. but not for that reason. she's obviously uh not a bad person. you know what i mean. i'm not do anything nefarious. you know that is that is i can't. imagine that is so so funny. dude that's that's i've never heard of that. your mom does that your mom. does that yes my god said yeah. i didn't hear that. really are you guys brothers. but why though somebody needs to. hang up the phone why is she so that's a boss. move actually being like they'll. hang it up it. is but why does your mom. do it like does your mom. even realize she's like what's going on. she certainly doesn't think well. the phone hangs up on its own. she she does she might yeah oh that's she maybe does because everybody. has always been forced to. hang awesome be the person. who hang up yeah that's baller. but that but you don't they'll. do it that's baller. yeah they'll do it it's baller. but oh the phone hangs up itself. is not baller that's czy. that's crazy that's crazy. that's crazy crazy it's it's interesting. crazy and baller. are often very close you could be a crazy. baller it's rare to. be a crazy baller. though it's usually one or the other but they're close. i think our moms are very similar. in a lot of ways. thought that your yeah i thought that. your mom you guys were going. to say that ellie does. it no not she didn't. do i don't think so but you know. my mom does do i'm probably. not to you as much. because she i'm more often on her. phone because i keep in touch with her. more i text her more and we talk. to each other more on the phone. cu i love her more. than you love her but i talk. all the time she often will like not but dial me. but or not and not but text. me but but voice note. me yeah that's so i'll just get an eight. minute yeah chunk of whatever. my m's doing at the time. murder of course just like usually talking. [ __ ] about my brother but like sometimes it's just watching the news. whatever the [ __ ] talking to. my dad and it's crazy. to think about all the steps. you have to. take to actually create a voice note. and stop it and send it not true. yeah you have to. start it hold it. then hit send no you don't what. do you mean you only have to. tilt your phone if it's on the text. messages what i don't know what you mean. do you know what i'm saying. i don't can you explain. cuz we're on cer so you might as well. explain he doesn't matter cuz he's not on camera. so why don't you just me. but you you you if you're on the phone. you're texting and you leave the text. field open and you tilt your phone. like this it'll start what okay. so i'm texting the y. yada yada texting texting texting tilted it yep you have to. tilt a certain way but yes it does. it does happen you have to. be a [ __ ] about it you have to. be like that no yeah. it does it is yeah. it does work it does. here it's not working. just all this [ __ ] talking about you want the fun it does it a setting you turn on yeah. it has to. be maybe yeah well that setting's. on for her yeah that happens. all the time well all right. i mean i believe you it. just i've never seen that. i had no idea yeah so i don't think that's what happened. with mom though do you yeah. i think that's what happened. with her okay there's no way. she's hitting the buttons and [ __ ] i yeah i guess yeah it's hard to. imagine what it is though. i always listen to. the whole things too to. try to get something funny. and it's usually i never listen. to even a second of it. if i see an 8 minute. thing i don't whether you meant. to or not i'm not listening. to oh if it was i wouldn't from most people but my mom's mom's. liable to say something. funny as [ __ ] also i said the thing my mom to. you just now remember talking about the episode. came full circle full there we go. look at that as look. at that look at that. look at that that's not good. don't look in my eyes. do that look at that. look i wasn't i wasn't i wasn't okay. i'll be in toronto. i'll be in sa. uh what was the one. ot su fall um and get the merch the yes one teas and hoodies lifel merch dot com thank you thank you very much ohv the merch is pimping now you know what's interesting what i got to. do this too because it feels. weird i got to. do it both i used to. be like that i'm not. like that anymore which one. do you guys think looks better. when i do with my right. arm or my left arm. neither of them you look. like a [ __ ] coat hanger the the left. arm looks better i think they both. are really bad jerking. off a guy in a circular. modei ripping his dick. off yeah yeah uh well all right. so bye that's what that. was bye everybody i love. you have a good time. hello hello helloo hello hello hello 