 [music] runk hello. hello hello hello will hello hey hey we're here fat. albert well hello lazy fat albert. oh dude we have an announcement. though the lifeline oh yeah uh live show. in irvine tuesday may 14th. tickets atwat lifeline dot com or you can go. to my website if you're used to. do doing that but it's our live. podcast we are doing in irvine. um so we're going to. do that and matt's gonna you know we're going. to be there our first ever. yeah uh yeah yeah and um we're going to. be doing um you know. taking question adv come with your. questions advice you know and we'll have a good time. um yeah or you can come. see me on the road chris. lea dot com i got a bunch of places. i'm doing uh you know. like sagen grand rapids and just having a good. time chattanooga de mo a. bunch of places i've never been to. but anyway go to. chris lead. oh and uh durham i'll be. there uh next week durham. and uh where's the other one. i'm going to be norfolk. yeah norfolk all right cool. durham your birth birthday show. yeah that's my birthday. show march 29th birthday at dpack. your 28th birthday dur north carolina. what's dpack dpack choer what's d. no it's dpack uh i don't know what it's you. going on tour deac cha. no no that would be that. would be the craziest tour. of all for comes out with his rhinestone glasses. um so yeah and then if you want to. do our patreon which we love we love. you for that uh patreon dot com. lifeline luxury you're the reason. the show exists uh and we appreciate you. i've been dipping in the comments there. lately and you guys are the best. usually comment sections are not the place. to be but on lifeline. luxury yeah that's what's up. so i've been i've been mingling with you. guys in there lately. it's a good time. it's a good time. also of course check out. my solo podcast the private. record uh subscribe to the youtube. channel here on youtube at the private record. and check out all the episodes. they're all great they're all great. they're all great and they're going. to keep being great. try a product try a product. how about our aesthetic. right now yeah you you commented on it. you like this you like what's going. on well it's cool because i didn't know. you were going to. be wearing red and i'm wearing red. glasses yeah did you were. those here or you brought. those no i i brought those oh you know. what i had these glasses. and i like them a lot. okay so far i'm with you and then i put them in my car. and i don't know what happened. maybe something was on them. or something and it was hot. and they warped okay that sucks have you had that happen. yeah okay so it they were very crooked. and i i i was really annoyed. i brought them into. a place i don't know like a some sunglasses place. i was like hey you know i didn't get these from. here but can you do anything. about about this and she's like well you have to. melt down the you have to. like heat up the glasses. and twist them oh right. yeah i've seen him do it. before yeah so i'm like oh okay. and then that was it. i kind of walked out she. obviously didn't want to. do it and i was just like well they have to. they don't have to. but they all do it. for free so that they don't care. right so and i was like i have other glasses. i don't want to. [ __ ] make this person do it so cuz they didn't buy anything from there so i kind of felt bad i was just i didn't know if it was a quick fix or whatever so then i brought them into. uh when i got contacts. to get prescription yeah and i spent a lot. of money there to. get contacts yeah so i was like they got to. fix these classes by the way. moo i have your glasses. in my car if you want to. come down and get them afterwards. gna kill them. and it'll be it'll be fine. it'll be fine just you come around. the side and i'll and so um so i went to. uh so i went there. and they they they take out. the lenses and they put them. in the machine to. yeah okay he just goes pop. pop i'm like and then he turn it. and fix it he's like. go try that and i put it on and it was way. better it's it's like maybe like 5% off now. but he fixed it and then he said rayban. makes the they change their plastic. and it it's way. worse now and that happens. all the time got cheap. when company goes cheap. it sucks so i didn't know that and i don't know. if that's true or not but that's what. he said he yeah and um uh and so that's that. but how about the fact that rayban also it's rayban that has the the the glasses. with the video right. what i don't know it's so changing. it's so changing guys you heard it. here first it's so but it's scary. but i guess it's fine. i don't it's scary. as hell and it's scary. to everybody though change in general. is scary the rapid pace. at which we're changing. now scary scary scary. here's the thing though i went to. get a pair of my glasses. not these ones a different. pair they do the heat. up thing bending and it took. it was at first he was like come on yeah. i can cover that for free. whatever he takes the glasses. does the heat thing gives them. back he's like how's that. put them on my face. they felt exactly the same. oh they still feel a little tight. oh yeah let me get him. back does it again and i'm watching him. do it he's not not doing. it yeah and he gives him. back nothing and and i say uh maybe a little bit. but i think it needs to. be a little bit more. i give him back he does. it again for even longer. the most minor difference and i and i i got to. a point three four times where i'm like oh yeah that's all better. and it wasn't but i was like i'm making you. do free labor i don't like this. is a bad making a guy. do things for me for free. i don't like that well. yeah no that's what i was. saying like i i walked out. the place and i couldn't be like well here's 10 bucks. you want to. do it again like that's insulting. of course so you're [ __ ] i walked out with the very tight. walked in with the very tight. parag glasses walked out with the very tight. parag glasses but a little bit. still have like the tiniest bit. better those no not these dude. how about do you remember i told you i mean. i i just was i remember this. story and i speaking of too tight. this beanie is too. tight check this out though. i remember this story and i just remembered it. for the first time in a long. time is that a different one. yeah you know i come prepared. that's throughout the show i'll model. all of my beanies. red beanies yeah different. shades of red though this. is exactly that no keep going. okay i went in i was in new york. it was when i was in college. for eight months and quarterback. every time you cough like that. i think and so i i brought my glasses. in cuz they were kind of like crooked. and i said hey these are crooked do you think you can fix. them and the lady straight up said. yes but just so you know. read the sign i read the sign. and it said we are not responsible. for during the fixing of glasses. if they break mh so i said okay i said did you ask how often that happens. or exactly of course i did. i said well they have a because i'm like they have a sign. for it how common. could it be how common. could it so i said oh well does that. happen a lot and she said no. and i said oh do you anticipate. that happening she was like uhuh. no no but i just if it does. you know it's good it's good. to have you have read the sign. yeah so i said okay. uh cover their rears sure i guess here. dude i knew that was coming here. dude they just handed it. back i go oh thanks. that's really funny dude. it was so funny that i couldn't be mad. yeah that is absolutely hilarious. it was they she had them. in her possession for 20. seconds and they broke and then she just handed. me two pieces what did. she say oh sorry told you i go. oh yeah good thing i read. the sign yeah she said she says good. thing i made you read. the sign yeah yeah yeah i think i of read. that yeah dude you know. what that made me think of though. remember that i mean i know. you remember the show the critic. the oh yeah cartoon yeah did the voice. such a funny show anybody. that doesn't know it i'm sure. it's all free on youtube right. now but uh the one there's one joke. you and i used to. watch it that we laughed at so hard. yeah what was it and it was in involves. a sign do you remember no. he gets in a cab and he says all these different. directions real fast and then the cabby turns. around and he's clearly foreign. i don't remember what russian. or middle something and he just goes read. the sign and and it and it says driver. only speaks three words of english. uhhuh and the joke. was and it killed me. i don't remember that and that's also somewhat. funny it's not funny but definitely somewhat funny. we were the show is funny. but that's not not funny true. yeah no but at at whatever. we were 8 years. old i was i thought it was it's yeah. that's funny wow okay. and you came around on. it that's good what me. yeah you said at first. it wasn't that funny you said it. wasn't funny i said it. was funny the whole time. i was saying it was funny. you did yeah dude. all right how many red beanies. do you have um that has a stain on it. that one this one doesn't feel. right either well why do you have a stain. on your beanie like yo. i didn't even know i didn't. even know it had a stain. on it well that one's better. this is the best one. well because it oh it feels. the best and it matches though. the other ones don't match. thank you i mean it's it's a little off. but that's fine thank you. okay i have a few. more but this is the right. one are they all red. the rest are why do you have why. one is orange one is pink. but now why do you have five beanies. on you i dude. i do this everybody that. i've ever lived with makes fun. of me for it i throw. all possible things i might wear in a bag. or just in the car that's so weird. bro anthony used to. always bust my nuts. about i i would i you i come. with a big bag full of clothes. here even if we're just doing one. episode why dude it makes me. feel because i don't like thinking about well. what if i want to. wear that what if i want to. take that off and put short. dud i always bring shorts. i am so the oppos opposite. and i don't know how i don't know. how people live like that. i am so the opposite. they go dressed in one outfit what. are you guys crazy. what if you want to. change how about this. how about this i hate bringing a gym. bag to the gym. i wish i could just work out in my jeans. and not look like an [ __ ] well that would be hilar. dude just jeans and no shirt. would be the funniest thing. there's a guy who who who wears work. boots and jeans at. my gym every time. i see him he has work boots and jeans. and a and a tight tshirt. and he is 60 oh that makes it. it makes sense but it's just i'm i'm like the first. time i saw him i was like oh this. guy will never be back. here again cuz i i go. to a nice gym. i was like this this guy's a crazy. guy he goes every day. all the time with with with jeans. dude and i he was on the machine. next to me the other day. and i was like oh do you mind. am i crowd in you. and he was like nah you know. i think i'm done anyway. i was like oh well i don't mean. to push you out and he was like nah i got i got this elbow. problem and i'm like you got a jeans. problem dude yeah you got got a few problem. working out also there are so many people who work out with sunglasses. on it's crazy at my gym. there well there's always one it's like going. to starbucks there's always one crazy. person there's always one person with sunglasses. on in my gym but not. the same person no no no different. yeah yeah that's or you. know it's a rotate speaking. of sunglasses it's a little bright. in here now how many do you have how many sunglasses you have one. pair of sunglasses two pairs. of regular glasses including the oh. dude oh you're crazy. bro i know that this is not news. okay what if you didn't bring the back. there's one pair of glasses. uhhuh then i wouldn't have been able. to change my beanie. how would you feel on the inside. i would feel like i left. my phone at home or my money. at home my wallet at home. whoa bragging so much or all of my money at home. all right uh um all right. well let's get into. it you have tooo many clothes. but um let's get this. start yeah although the good. thing about it is. if you ever like rob a bank you're one step ahead. of the game yeah. dude you know you drop the you. turn the jacket inside. out and you you you don't have to. you have other clothes i got. all these other clothes he had. a red beanie on. but now he's got a red beanie. on a darker red beanie. yeah all right all right cool. hey chris calling in from vancouver. canada she looks so love the show. i need some advice from you. guys thank you for loving. the show can to. keep it short and sweet. there's a guy in my gym. that i have a huge crush on and he looks like a latino. version of adam driver. so i'm obsessed needless to. say after i met him. i found out that his personality. is also a 10 out. of 10 and i'm just like i'm i'm falling. for this guy so hard. so fast and he has told me. that he's falling for me. as well and the kicker is that. i'm moving to europe. for 2 years in a mon. and a and the kicker for him. is that he's in an on andof relationship. and he has been for the past. eight or nine months. and so neither of us. are in a place to. be with each other but we both feel. a strong connection so my question. for you is do you do you believe. in fate do you think that if you meet somebody at the wrong. time that you'll wind up. with them down the road high. likelihood of that and to. try to just hold. on to that or do. you feel like wrong place wrong time. like move on the. other fish in the sea. uh geez what i feel. like is if you fall in love. with someone or not necessarily in love it's early. if you really hit it off. with someone and sparks. fly for both of you it's never a. good idea to. let that pass by really. without at least moving forward in whatever. i mean look you're going. to you probably know a lot. more in she's leaving in two. months that's what she said. you know so you know for the next two months. maybe you don't you know. i i i what would i do. i know exactly what i would. do i i know what i would do. i would go forward with the relationship. as i normally would which is dive. headlong crash and burn if like just go. straight headlong into. it what do you have. to lose you're leaving in 2. months anyway if it doesn't work out then you go. knowing that didn't work out. if it does work out. then you have like what i would call. a good problem you're in love. with somebody and you might need to. make it work long. distance but so what people make things work long distance. all the time i wouldn't recommend. it to someone if it was an option. but if it's not an option. to stay there you have to. go to europe whatever then like make it. work you already said it's finite you she said. she's going for two years. that means she's coming back. in two years or can. go wherever she wants after. that true true so guess just just explore. your feel ings there that sounds like you. really really like this guy and he really really likes. you how you could possibly. pass that up why you would pass. that up is absolutely beyond. me if this guy said look that the my last chick's out of my life. completely i don't want to. go to the europe up stay. well that's the other thing. he would probably she would probably stay. right wait wa say that. again if he said yo. i'm i'm i'm done with the girl. in and out of my life. i don't want to. be with her i want to. be with you stay here. and yeah you you think she would stay uh i don't know. may sound like that was an option. no it didn't maybe but i'm just saying. saying if you live the rest. of the two months like right. and that becomes an option. that's good options are good you can. learn a lot in two months. exactly yeah yeah don't don't do. anything until you got to. go and and you know i don't know why. you're going or what but like make a decision. then or maybe he makes a decision. then maybe he goes with you. i don't know you know. i'm just saying i mean one. decision he has to. make is if it's on again. off again anyway. turn it off for the next. two months or on then you got then you decision. made but yeah some kind of decision. on his she go. to europe why do people go. to europe i you think about leaving. the country and just moving not no no no no no no but just like that's your home now. yeah yeah moving some out. of the country are you asking if i've thought about it. yeah i've thought about it. did you ever think about it. hard yeah not like as a potential thing. i'm going to do. but i've thought it all the way. through to the extent. that i can yeah and how's it. go i want to. come back yeah you know mine. i don't want never i don't want to. not live in the united states. i would love to. also have a home elsewhere but i don't want to. never like not at all. i think about sometimes going. to europe and being there. and living there and growing. up with my kids and having them. be that nationality now. and i guess we just live kind of like on. the outskirts of paris. or something i mean. so specific you know. and i go and i get coffee. all the time and it's so dope. and i learn french and my my kids. learn french and my wife learns french and then we're just kind of like good you know. we eat good and we i work. out really hard all everything. is the exact same. except in this scenario. in the outskirts of paris. and in when you don't go. to the outskirts of paris. you're here that's but i have a place. outdoor outdoors in my house where it's like. set up with like everything. i need for working out. that's the difference in par. in the outskirts of paris. you have an outside gym. at your home i i guess. yeah i mean it's like an indoor outdoor gym kind you don't. need to go to. the outskirts of paris. really a gym it's just like the stuff. i have the stuff right. well yeah no a workout area. with all the things that you need yeah. but also it's unorthodox stuff. like bags of stuff and i carry in places. and that's my workout you know. like that kind of stuff. and i have great neighbors. and uh it's just awesome. well good for you man. are you going to. it sounds like this is thing. you want to. do pardon me but i don't think i can do you would never move. away from america no way. you would not i i don't think i would either but i'm more. likely to than you yeah. you're very very american i have been known. to do some crazy. [ __ ] though you know what i mean. like i could go to. where else i don't know. i don't think you would like paris. you would like ital moreal. you've never been to. paris i thought you had nope huh. remember you guys went i went to. texas instead oh yeah well remember when went to. italy yeah i do and we ran. into your exgirlfriend oh [ __ ] and she said what are you. was crazy was like what are you all. doing here and she said what are you. doing here and you said i just we just got on that. 210 and kept going oh. yeah that is funny that funny. a good j yeah you are. funny how do you remember that. cuz i thought it was so funny. oh that's funny all right cool. all right next one so close. so close hello chris and matt. oh g to. uh my question for you today. closer is let's say you're about to. have a shower okay. and you turn on the water. and you go to. sit down to have a poo oh and uh so you have your poo no. say say then potty you go. to get in the shower. now do you wipe with toilet. paper yeah first yeah what kind of animal. is and flush it you know. this is something that people say. though what else are you. going to do or do. you just get up like a caveman. and wash your ass in the shower. and you save paper that way. so there's there's two pros and cons. to each my theory and let me know if i'm right. i think i'm right but just let me know. your thoughts is if you get up and you just wash your ass. then you're you're saving the planet. one poo at a time. don't say poo but if you wipe and then go in the shower. you're civilized yes because it's 2024 you. know what i mean that part. yes so yeah let me know. let me know dude i don't like when people say. poo i also more than that. i don't like when people talk about [ __ ] i it's not like it's not my thing dude it's just like be weird if that was it would be weird if that was your thing my thing is talking about [ __ ] people think it's like funny to. talk about [ __ ] dude that's not funny it's not it's not even that it's so gross. i don't want to. talk but it's like it's not funny. enough to overcome its. amount of gross i get that. but i don't think he's trying. to be funny he's being funny. he's saying poo he's talking about. but it's a very valid. question it no no not to. me to me that is is so gross. people do that people go. people think if you're going right. into the shower you. don't have to. now i don't know what your bowel. movements are like but sometimes mine that i would that wouldn't work. it's just too messy oh. god really no not me. i have like the i have the most like why. streamlined why don't i pinched. off non messy george [laughter] brett rear. end activities it's just so clear. why i don't know i drink. a ton of coffee i don't know. is it i have to. take the celium husk you we have a very different. diet though i eat way. worse than you though. i don't know that's what i'm saying. yeah no it doesn't mak sense. well do you what' you eat yesterday. uh salmon mean rice. and shashido peppers soine soine and uh like chicken nothing bad at all. chicken and like whole wheat. pasta dude oh my and one thing. i didn't have was anything. bad for you and a couple eggs. in the morning come on you're kidding. me no i'm i'm not kiding way. [ __ ] say e that that's better. than ever i ate ever. what the [ __ ] you talking about i don't know and that's not a that is a normal day actually no i guess what i'm realizing. now is how much i've changed i eat pretty. well now huh i never really. stopped to think about it. but i don't eat like an an idiot anymore. i don't eat anything. bad anymore well i mean what. the [ __ ] matt no you know what i do. why i said that. cuz i i i eat like way. too much sugar at night. i mean not every night. but often i mean never really no i do lately. way too much way too. much so did you last night. i have too much. sugar yeah no but i do usually. okay lately i ate [ __ ] protein. pancakes yesterday that's good. a salad that's even better. than me hold on okay. um salmon and rice better than me. we ate the same thing. kind of yeah good all right. well i don't know i don't know why. the the the rear end activities. are different yeah okay. but i agree about poo. don't ever say poo it's just like poop. is better poop is better. [ __ ] is is a catch as a catch all [ __ ] is fine it's it's not a gross. word because it has other connotations. you don't excrement you don't immediately. think of you don't what it. is in your mind [ __ ] number disgusting. number two bowel movement are. both out as well number two you think that's that's the least. gross but it's like a little kid. you're like a poty you know. it's it's infantilizing okay but the answer. to your inquiry is. absolutely do not [ __ ] and then hop right. in the shower no it's disgusting. i can't take care of yourself. and then get in the shower. like a civilized adult. in the world you but let me actually say. something though you don't just think it's not. funny to talk about [ __ ] you do. think it's gross. you do think it's gross. i do but it what the reason. it's not funny is because the level. at which the humor is. not higher robot than the level. of the grossness i get it. high a [ __ ] i but i get it yes i am a i the grown the grossness all right. let's do the next one. a bear hey man. chris big fan uh chris. i saw you here in vegas. last summer i met. you after the show you're very cool. for taking picks with everyone cool. h yeah um and after you you. put your arm around. me my wife and i was like oh no. he's going to feel. how sweaty my back. is and uh then afterwards. my wife told me. that your back was also sweaty. so thanks brother for sharing. that with me solid um. thanks for exposing me. i am a delivery. driver you as you can tell. um i was working today. and ran into. someone who i know from work. and was excited that i'm almost done. so i was like hey man. i'm almost done my truck's almost empty and my brain. i think was trying to. say oh either let's go. or let's do it. and what came out was. let's do which you know. is awesome um let's do huh. and that's just going to. add into the. repertoire of embarrassing moments in my life. that i'm going to. think about forever once every i don't know. seven or eight days. so um you know what do. i do do i just keep rolling with the punches. and and accept them. as as funny stories or do i just stop talking to. people just start saying let's do all the time. that's that's probably what i'm gna. do um but you know. any advice or do you guys have funny. moments in your life that that. you can't let go of chris. i know you do because i've heard some of your stories um it. happ talk about me. brothers thank you i think. appreciate you i mean here's why. every movie and tv show. is a croc of [ __ ] everyone ever. made because life is more than half. the time full of instances. where every single person. way more than i know. but i'm just saying just as like a low. bar like every single person. says the something they don't mean. and says it wrong yep. so what and no so no movie could ever could ever. say it's realistic because every it's [ __ ] everybody in every movie and tv show no says exactly. what i know but i don't like like is itd it's not real. nothing's ever [ __ ] real no. no no no it's not. real yeah people don't talk they interrupt each other. they talk over each other you. know i'll do [ __ ] like i'll say how you doing somebody else say say i'm good how are you and then i'll say good how are you like oh i just asked you that. i i'm an idiot i was in the gym. locker room yesterday uh you know. i work out really hard. and um but in paris. it would be crazy different. so um i was in the gym. locker room and uh i took off my shirt. i looked in the mirror. took my shirt okay. i took my shirt off uh and was looking in the mirror. a dude i know said behind me. ah come on you're big enough. but like you you've achieved what you need to. you don't need to. look in the mirror i guess. oh god a joke right. i know the guy okay oh yeah you i know. i'm from the gym right. and i said and i and i and i that's fine. he said that there's no but now i'm like what. do i say i have to. say something to. let him know i'm listening. or everything's okay or whatever yeah you're weird. but i am weird like that. right you don't need to. think so what would you say. before i even say what i said. i would have just said ah i know. that's not enough right. no that's plenty i want to. know i like him though that's enough. that's that's that's what you do. go ah what did you end. up saying no not yet. you said no not yet. like you i'm not big enough. oh and i don't i don't even. care to be bigger yeah. but that you were playing. along with the joke that he was starting. right i didn't like it. and then i left and i was like that. was the stupidest [ __ ] you know. why you didn't like it. because you felt like you were. cajoled into. saying something and so what the solution. is don't say anything. no just don't say anything. no one's going to. be mad but if i go ah then i'll think oh maybe he thinks he yeah wow i'm [ __ ] crazy yeah no no one i don't want him to. think i offended him he offended. me wow i'm a crazy person. bro i'm so codependent. i need everyone to. like me all the time. that's good yes dude. well good luck with that man it's terrible. man i got to. drop that [ __ ] yeah no one likes no one there is no one that is liked by everybody first of all k. reeves okay but besides k reeves. like there's a unicorn for every kind of like like that. there's always like a f. tom h [ __ ] boring yeah a little [ __ ] but cter reeves is the best but that sucks though dude why does that suck well no it's great for him but i'm just like it's great for us too we all get to. like him yeah but it's just like i want. everyone like me though. well it can't be that way. the days is for keano. i know i'm changing my name. to keano it can't be that way. for you or anyone who's not keano. all right is my point. what if he's just [ __ ] that's the thing don't know i know i know well we do know we've heard stories he's a great. guy but like there are definitely people who have hung out. with keo and been like that. so boring or that. guy so annoying or whatever i got to. start giving up my seat. for people honestly okay old ladies and or any ladies or anybody. really yeah you're talking about. the video account giving up. his seat i don't know. i just heard he did it. and then i heard also he donated a bunch. of his money from the matrix. which well he's got enough money. to f but it's like you know i'd buy a plane. so i'm not a good person. so okay if you had as much money. as keano i'm sure you'd give a lot of yeah. yeah yeah yeah true true. true all right all right next. next one yo lifeline before. i start say chris so you and philly i wrot. that got you you saw my arm. got that [ __ ] tatted super dope love y'all. both big cabin big. cabin got so much got enough to. go on vacation at this. point dud look at you i got a question um i just started talking to. this girl like a month. ago she's super dope uh definitely like the most mature. talking stage i've been through. i'm only 18 but she's got her money. right she's got a plan for life. like she's super dope she wants to. go to this um event. in june uh with me. she wants me to. go uh we've only been talking for a month. but it's like 250 um is it. smart to. push this money out so early in this. stage uh and and and like set that goal. or not i'm probably going. to do it anyway. cuz i'm a dumb. [ __ ] but just let me know if i'm a dumb ass. romantic wait hold on so he want. he it's an event that. costs 250 and it's in june. and he's saying is it. too early she wants you. to go she wants to. go with him well i mean what the event. [ __ ] three months long like what is it edoro. like i don't know no. it's you want to. get tickets ahead of time. that's all and it's in june. the event is in june i'm just saying. if it's one night yeah so he talking. about it's a money thing. yeah oh that's what he's talking. about yeah oh i see what. you're saying we don't spend our money. on things like that. what are we spending our money. bought a bunch of merch. like you know you spend you spend money. on stuff you want to. do that's so yeah even further to. my point if you are the kind of person that spends money. on things that you like dude. i we may not be the best. people to talk to. about that but yeah i don't know. i mean you go also how do you have a [ __ ] beard. you're 18 he looked like he was 28. well he also acted all like mature. yeah beyond your years so. so just do that do what you want. have a good time. dude life's about memories right. it is i guess that's it. it's all is but i for i forget. a lot life's about two. things what memories obviously making sure. you have good ones everyone has bad. ones but makeing sure you have good ones. too and always always always make sure you have something. to look forward. to this checks both boxes. something to look. forward to in june. you think and something you will. always remember for the rest of your life. why do you think you. have to have something to. look forward to think about the times in your life. yeah when you've been the least fulfilled happy. whatever you want to. say it's always when you got nothing. on the horizon that. i i don't mean like massive. crazy lifechanging events it can be just like a getaway for a weekend. it could be an event. in june it could be anything. but always even if it's a little thing. have something to. look forward to it's important. right my hair do like that like look. all around 99 come. 99 eight and a half. 9 99999 dead on it's a little lower cuz cuz it's all. the way back like that. did that i don't love. that i don't mean i didn't mean. to i just i do what i do. i don't f i don't really. think about you know. sounds like you think about a lot cuz you say my hair. all the time no no. i know but it's now it's a thing. you know yeah sure it it is yeah. yeah uh it looks good. though it's it's good yeah. do it definitely do that. yep especially if you have the money. just do it yep yeah. if you don't have the money. different thing yeah different. thing the thing okay next hi. chris and matt chris i just saw you. in vancouver with my fiance my new fiance. um and i also saw you in edmonton sorry. about edmonton um matt i love you. so much i love you. too um i don't have a question. okay i have more of a response. to the second last episode. of the podcast good vi look. the question was um what if people get confrontational. when you say you're welcome. when they didn't say thank you. and i'm a server and i do this. all the time because people are rude. as [ __ ] and never say thank you i say you're welcome. in a very polite. way as if they did say thank you. um and when they when they get confrontational. or look at me sideways. which they often do i say oh my bad. i thought you said thank you. and then they have to. sit with the fact that they didn't and that they're rude. [ __ ] that's good hope that helps she should be a host she she should be the third. host of the show that's very very good you so wait. it would go like you're welcome. uh i'm i didn't say. thank you oh i'm sorry. i well they wouldn't say that. i didn't i didn't say. thank you she said they get confrontational. yeah no no but i say it. would probably go like this. you're welcome and then they look at you. be like oh i'm sorry. i thought you said thank you. sorry yeah i guess. that's okay but does it. seem like you're doing it. to be a dick. it might if you did it. i bet if she does why. why why dude people say. i'm an approachable dude. one time a person came up. to me at a department. store and she was like do you need any help. and i was like oh no. i'm okay thanks and she's like oh okay. yeah i wasn't sure whether or not to. come up to. you because you look like you don't want to. be bothered and i'm like oh [ __ ] really yeah are you that way. i mean think you look. that way yes people always say that. about really see i don't think you're like that. but you're my brother so yeah yeah no i uh i get that. all the time people always think i'm like gonna either already. angry yeah or like i'm gonna get annoyed. if i get and it's just like what i mean. i get why people who know. me would have that idea because i'm an orary [ __ ] but people that don't know me i i guess i get off the give off the vibe to. them too you know. maybe because i'm always like yeah. well that's bad with a knife. in a department store yeah. in macy's hua boss yeah uh all right. all right we can do another. one what's up chris what's up. matt quick question uh i have a my first open mic. date on april 18th. and i'm back and forth on if i want to. invite any friends i've asked another. comedian if he took anybody and he said [ __ ] no are you crazy he waited until he was yeah more experienced um but i don't know what chris what did you do matt what are your thoughts what should i do thanks love you guys well nick you're going to. bomb yeah so now. that you know that does that. color your opinion uh do you want your friends. to see you bomb or do. you want your friends. to not see you bomb. yeah um the hope is you don't bomb. but you you will and also even if you kill. you'll see the tape. later on and you're going to. be like this is embarrassing so uh you're going. to do bad right. but that's fine that's part. of the growth right. so you should i i would not bring i you. know maybe one friend if you if they're going to. do it too or or or just one friend. to support you but anytime a group then it's going. to be annoying because first of all. you're not going to. not that it matters. at this point but you're not going to. know what jokes work because you're just going. to be there like so happy. for you and jacked and laughing. that's true and then also you're going. to look like the jackass that just brought their friends. and other people who do open. mics are going to. see that and be like who the [ __ ] this guy it's not good for the game. for you uh and so i would just go and do it. yeah i would say go and do it and don't bring anyone. yeah i mean that would be my instinct. though i don't know but that sounds like i mean. i i don't want my friends. to come to anything. i do so i'm skewed in that. way but like i think in general. if you're the kind of person that likes having your friends. come out and see you do things. that you like to. do i would still lean maybe. not the very [ __ ] first time you do an open mic. i didn't bring people out. until at least a month in uh is when i brought friends. out and then my parents didn't see me until i don't even know when they came and saw me first maybe a year i first saw you at the haha. hall no haha cafe cafe or was it the uh ice house. uh the first time i saw you was at the haha. wasn't it okay. yeah yeah yeah with dave miller. was he there you're saying he came my first. one that's all i remember no. no i i didn't i only saw you when it was like a bringer show. i never went to. open mic yeah yeah that that's what i'm saying. that was a month in yep. yep yep why don't you marinate. on that for a while wow. that's what the guy. used to always say. the guy that hosted whenever. his joke wouldn't work he'd say what. why don't you marinate on. that for wow so [ __ ] great. guy great guy i wonder what he's doing. love that guy he's in texas. he's just there he's just in texas. going like this yeah hanging no he he was a cool. guy yeah he's great i keep in touch. with m really yep cool. all right next one hey matt. chris i need some spin move advice. here every time i go to. the grocery store i use. the self checkouts i prefer it. it's easier and i don't have to. talk to anyone but without fail. while i'm in the process of scanning my. items diligently mind you a member. of staff will come up. out of nowhere and stand directly behind me. basically their nose touching. the back of my neck. ites i get that they have. to make sure i'm not stealing it's part. of their job that's fine. but you can that from a distance. you don't need to. be right there like breathing. down my neck making me. feel uncomfortable and also why are you sucking. on the crank of these huge grocery. store ch as if if i steal. a toothbrush it's going to. make her break your paycheck hell. yeah which i'm not stealing. really defensive but anyways no we is anything. i can say in that moment. to just kind of break that. tension or let them know. like hey you can back. up a little bit it's fine. i'm not going to. see the cr any help. would be appreciated just turn around. and say excuse me i'm just curious. why are you sucking so hard. in the crank of the corporation. that employs you dude. listen here's the deal okay. they're you're i think you're mistaken dude. they're not looking and make sure you can't. you're you're not stealing i think you. knows that doesn't he he he just said. that no he thinks they are he. really does i i thought maybe he was kidding. no they're there to. help you if you need it that's right. and which is still makes it. annoying though it's annoying. but i you know what i do. when i go and i do the self checkout. and i and and they stand. there i go what what do. i do hereo now help me. do it you're going to. be all up johnny. all up in my business. then do it make them do it. do it do it and and and it's good. too because the line. moves quicker i don't have to. wait in line for the other [ __ ] baggers and [ __ ] okay so you're here so then what do i do here but then sometimes they'll be like oh come hit that and you they treat you with an attitude and you're like well why the [ __ ] are you stand right here. but then you get to. get into an argument and that's kind of dope. honestly wow dude i've never ever had this. happen i use self checkout. all the time everywhere. well i s check out. sometimes they don't get up on me. ever oh yeah cu i'm unapproachable they're just like no. they don't do that to. me i'm un approachable. maybe you're more approachable. than me no but they but yeah and then i do it. and then they and then sometimes they they're like you want to. back you get the and i'm just like gez did they do it. like close like that guy's describing. no no i think he's exaggerating but you know. they're like in the middle. of the two i wouldn't like that. besides what you should do just turn around and say i got it. go like this since you're sucking at the crank. of the corporation that employs you. uh why don't you help. me bag it yeah yeah yeah yeah no could you imagine if you said that. to somebody they' be so confused. they'd be like oh crank. what did you say sorry. uh yeah just tell them. there's a there's a way to. do it to. be like either i'll let you know if i need you or if they're really. too close it's worth. saying something that is weird. oh you know what i do. people get so close. to me all the time. okay like because of like you know. fans and stuff that'll come up. and they'll be like dude. you're you know you're funny. i be like thanks like no. dude oh no you you're funny. and i'm like okay no i believe you you. know but i i go i go. like this now it's it's i go. like this and i i i if they're coming in i say thanks. very much i grab their thing. and i right so now they're at least my arm. length away and i'm talking to. them like this right. and sometimes that's still too. close taking a selfie taking a selfie sometimes. that's still too close. uhuh so i'll let go and i'll back. up a little bit and test. it and then they always come forward. and i and i go well i mean uh an xmen stay an xmen person. it's just it's it's it's unbelievable. dude how many how close people get when they talk the thing. about close talkers is that they don't. know that they're too close. well yeah but and they're so they think when that. something like that happens. they think i'm too far. i need to get closer. i understand that but how about how ears work. how about how crazy that is what i don't. understand is everyone knows ears. work they do and when you're in a conversation. you don't need to. be close to. the person at all correct. because ears work correct i have two ears. you have two ears there. is no reason for me. to feel your breath on. me hey dude are we dating hey. bro are we dating cuz if we are i have some advice. for you i don't like your fashion. and i'll tell you how to. up you know if i'm dating you. yeah we can go further. than just we can go. further than just me. feeling your breath on. me right yeah yeah yeah that's disgusting. as a r my work. as a rule of thumb. make sure people can't feel your breath. on them unbelievable dude. and and my and my wife kristen who is like never i mean. she has never smelled bad once. yeah her body her breath. she is like it's like cotton candy. okay she's so conscious of it. she's like we wake up. in the even when we wake up. in the morning she it. smells fine yeah it's unbelievable. and she'll but she'll be like hey you know and turn her face and i'm like why. aren't people i'm not in love with like that. well here's why she always smells good. is because she is conscious of it. no well that's that's not the only reason. she has something in her that's crazy. different right to. you but dude i've dated someone who who who i actually. legitimately thought smelled like a chem a bin. of random chemicals all together. and now she's married. and has children and i'm positive. yeah he doesn't her husband doesn't think that. or he's just you know. trying to putting up. with it there's cuz trust me. he couldn't put or he's getting. in where he fits in you know. he just he just makes you know. close pin it's like this. when i have sweetie you. want to make out. ahh ah yeah yeah dude. um i just uh i don't know. yeah you think it i i always thought that. if you smell if somebody smelled so good with somebody. and you smell so good to. them and they smell so good. to you that you're going. to have good kids good. kids like that's the that means biologically. you're supposed to. be together i'm smart. i come up with theories. on the right yeah the feromon thing. but the kids thing. is a leap though yeah it's a leap okay so but if you think that if you're saying that that means you go together well biology is saying you should be together and the reason. why is to. procreate and you know what i'm saying. it's an interesting theory coming over. to my side it's an interesting. theory i don't know if i'm on your side but i get it okay well what about this we both feel that way about each other. and we have great kids and they're awesome. not only are they healthy but they're cool. as [ __ ] anecdotal though that's anecdotal there's only two of them well i'm saying this is my test are you talking about natural going. to kick wow my ass. actually he said it he actually went. like this now are you talking about like he got rear you talk. and came forward yeah are you talking. about natural smell or you like. the the perfume that i mean. oh dude i get it. i'm sorry dude i didn't realize you. have down syndrome and that's fine. dude that's that's not something. to actually say because you know perfume. is just perfume it's just a breath yeah. it's not or or the natural. scent of the body it's not the natural. scent it's [ __ ] fahrenheit that [ __ ] smells so good what is fahrenheit fahrenheit is cologne bobby fahrenheit no it's fahrenheit and it's so good and every time i smell it i go back to. the eighth grade and i'm just like yeah. oh wow i don't even. know i don't even know perfumes. i don't know colognes they're all bad. to me i don't mean. to make fun of people. d syndome i mean make fun. of you know it's like you going all. the way back you know. it's fine uh yeah no i don't. i don't necessarily disagree i do. think on on top of what. you're saying when you know those. times when you're like why. am i attracted to. that person doesn't even. make sense they're not my type. they're not who i usually whatever. something's going on where you're smelling them. and don't realize it the the smell. activates the right. yes many many cases yeah the braak. and the and the the smell activates. the [ __ ] it really does. it really does it really. does you like they're not even. that hot but you know what her. smell is activating my bo or. if you're a female his you know. his smell is making me got to. go get towels that's that's we really do understand. our understand ourselves so drunk. so little we think we know. everything about our own. minds we don't know [ __ ] about our own. minds we don't even know when we're smelling someone. that is crazy faon you guys think about that. for a second you don't know. your own mind for [ __ ] keep that in mind. as you go through your daily. life i would never wear cologne. oh okay cuz i want people to. access me the way. i'm supposed to. be accessed okay i mean. that's always your reason for everything. you know what what was the thing. you were talking about the other day. about how like you eat the last. bite because you want them. to know you or something. i don't know what that is. that's s so so stupid. what did i say somebody. called in and was like my husband ate the oh yes and you were like i do that. all the time because i want to. be known they they should they should they should no. i appreciate this experience enough. i respect you enough that. to let you know i want. that last exactly right. right right so warped you know such a cult. leader just to. so think of that you love. them and [ __ ] and there's one life and they go o and they go i love you babe you take it this is how you know oh [ __ ] all right anyway wow um you know i understand that i i seem like somebody that's fun and people want to. be with and then once it's like a decade. in i'm sure go they're really tired. of my [ __ ] oh yeah but i haven't been with somebody for a decade. yet so i guess we'll see. yeah well you i mean been yeah. exactly no i can attest. to that did you notice. i have a different beanie. [laughter] on you know. you like that [ __ ] ray j clip. dude i we'll talk about that. on luxury that is the best. thing dude okay cool all right. yeah one more next one. hell yeah me again. my husband say that we had no. problems and we never fight exactly. just kid amazing but the glasses. too first off to. say about you guys kind of roasted. my outfit i was going. bowling party and i was kind of going. for the bowling look so my feelings. were only hurt a little bit i'll get over it. uh my question that i have is kind of just for chris. as i know um but i wanted to. get his opinion on like. posting your kids who are like under 18. and like toddlers and stuff like that. on your instagram and like privacy. wise and like not getting. their permission and all this stuff. that people like say um i kind of want. to start like in instagram. and like posting like curated outfit ironically. curated outfit videos um like just like talking about how you don't have. to use fast fashion. to like still look. um but i also post my kids. on my instagram and like right. now i'm private but i like want to. go public but also i want to. keep posting my kids. but like what are your thoughts. on like kids on instagram. and like that whole privacy. thing and like i obviously want. to post my kids because they're cute. but also don't want creeps to. see them so it's definitely something it's definitely something worth. thinking about and because we don't know. you know we don't know. we're not at the generation. yet where kids are now. 30 and like i wish my parents. didn't post me on totally so why. don't i mean if you're thinking about this. much why don't you just make a separate. instagram account for curated clothes. and be like hey if you want to. follow me over there follow me. over there and then they do and then that's the one. that you don't post. your kids on and then you can keep your account. private and post your kids. on your private account. on the yeah i think what also she's saying. though i'm assuming wrong is that. she wants to. know how you feel about it. in general yeah yeah yeah yeah she does yeah well i mean you could answer too. but i just like this. isn't just for me i don't know. it's scary i i don't know. and because i don't know my tendency is to. always be like well if i don't know then it's better. to not do a thing. than do it but so many people do it. and i don't see any real. world repercussions when they do so i what do i know i i i wasn't going. to do it and then and then i saw a bunch of my friends. who like i respect do. it and they're famous. and so i'm like oh if i guess maybe that's just the way. it is i look i don't i don't know. you know i don't you know. cuz sometimes you know who knows later on. in life calvin or billy. is going to be like where's my privacy. but i i think at their age. she said under 18. at their age it's probably not. that big of a deal. if if you end up stopping that's what i mean. yeah yeah but yeah well just for their age. yeah but you know. you're talking about 15 i could see. dude if somebody posted something. of me at 14. and then i got to. be 20 and i was like why. the [ __ ] is this picture of me. in the world ever anywhere i could see myself. even ask ask him ask yeah that's true. um but then it's like do they even no. i know do they know right. yeah can they answer and is that. if they say yes or no. is that even the right. but put it this. way bro there's pictures of me. when i was 25. that i wish i didn't post. there's always going to. be you look like an if you don't look. like an [ __ ] 10 years. ago you think in 10. years this lady's going to. be looking at herself. and be like wow what a great. outfit and i'm not even knocking on. the outfit i'm knocking on the time. the time is what happens. i'm going to look. at her now and think look in the mirror. and say i'm actually wearing that exact. same thing i actually almost am. wearing the same exact. thing right now what just as she was. wearing video but but what i'm saying. is she she looks great. she her put together she put together but if i look at a picture of 10. me 10 years ago. i'm like what was i wearing. the only difference is it's the agency. thing it's the i get it. yeah i get it my point. is you're going to. feel that way anyway right. yeah but yeah i get it. i understand it's yeah yeah i just i don't you. know it's definitely like there's definitely people out. there there's like i saw this. ad the other day. that was like my it. was like it was pretending it. was taking place in 2035 or 40. or something and they were like my parents. posted my pictures all throughout my life. and now i have to. worry about them this. and that oh like what see i don't. even know like they were saying like their credit. and their like identity theft. and then like ai stuff. scary guess and and and it was like this. video where i was like oh yeah they're making really good. points and then after it. ended i'm like that seems like it. was just trying to. make me scared like [ __ ] fe yeah like so it's like it's like it's not it's probably going to. be a mix of both it's probably. going to be like oh [ __ ] it's probably going to. be like how it is anyway. like oh i wish i wish um you know uh dude. people took pictures of us. when we were seven and [ __ ] but they're just tangible and we we wish they didn't exist. or they or oh this. is a nice one to. have yeah but like you know. if it makes its rounds. in school and people are like oh this. is you know he's seven. look he looks like a you go oh it's just there's no. with the digital and the internet. there's no stopping it once it's in the world. and with physical print photos you. burn it it's gone uh all of this i think the ultimate answer is. we we don't know even. if we do it or don't. do it we don't know. but uh and so good luck. with that is the but it's just making me. think of remember that picture. mom used to. have i think no she still. has up in the i already know. where you're going with this. there's a picture my mom. took of me and him. in the bath when i was like two or three. and he was six or seven. yep and we're obviously naked. cuz we're kids in a bath right. no i had jeans on. but like gu a turtleneck like the guy. and there's a big mirror i can the wall. of the bathtub and the camera. our backs are to. it and we're looking like back. at the camera and i was so this. has been framed in our home. one home or another my parents. home since she took it yeah and at there. was a certain age of my life. where i made i was i was like very self. let me you could see your our. our butts but also in the mirror. could you see our penises i don't know. i don't know either i don't even remember i think it. was just the butt it. was just the butt yeah. and i didn't but i was selfconscious. i was like 14 or 15. and i was like i don't want my butt. out in the picture he was four. in the thing that's so funny. yeah and and she she respected. it so much which is awesome. that she painted on top. of the frame swim trunks. on both of the backs of our. legs and our butts. on the glass part yeah or on the and then when i got older. she clean lean the frame because i didn't care anymore. and now that picture's up in her. house i just saw it. the other day really and our butts. are out so i'm so i'm suing. her uh it's in the so when you walk. the bathroom in the far left. oh in the back yeah. oh really yeah i just saw i remember my bathing. suit was red i think mine. was green yeah really oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah wow pretty cool. stuff were we both standing up. both standing up yeah wow. both smiling she should have painted all clothes. on us i was a cute. k one of your beanies. a tuxedo on me. yeah would you just say. i was a cute. kid i was a really cute. kid what about you yeah. you were really cute. kid you know if i was or not you. looked like you do now. i i was an adult. as a kid you were born. and looked like you were 30. yeah so weird that is weird. my first word were hey i was i was six months. old hey i mean calvin. looks exactly like you look. i go like wait why. am why am i not talking well. hey yeah calvin i know. dude he's so funny. yeah he's hilarious he he woke. up today because he's been a little bit you. know sick he woke up today in my bed. and he said hey dad i'm all better. i said yeah see what. happened he said yeah. but i'm still a little bit sick. you know it does feel like that. though when you wake up. and you're like oh my god i'm not sick. and he was the greatest. thing in the world oh man. it does i know the day. it finally happen so awesome. when that happens you go out. you get a turkey sandwich. and you just [ __ ] breathe in the sunlight. take it we take full health for granted. the most [ __ ] up thing about that is two days after that you take full health for granted. completely you don't even think about. it that's why i think about the thing. where we were i was sent. you that case file. uh uh uh i can't stop talking about case. file dude where the girl. got kidnapped and tortured for seven. years that i mean so mom. being so our mom right. now not talk about this. at all now we're suddenly talking. about somebody being kidnapped. for seven years what what are you. talking saying that she got kidnapped. who a woman cont a. woman okay in california. in 1978 or something. got 77 78 uh. got kidnapped and the dude. kept her in a box. for 23 hours a day. for seven years and i'm just like and then and then when she got out. she got out she. was like now the simplest things. i i just love like watching. a sunset how nice you know. and i'm just like well of course nobody would want to. go through that to. get to that point. but i i would be willing to. dude i would be i would i would kill. myself how could but did she even have the opportunity. to do so no that's the thing. you can't kill i'. find a way dude i'd make my body do it. just yep yeah [ __ ] yeah um keep poke i poking what was the other hour. torture oh my my god really how could you listen. to that i can't listen. to [ __ ] like that anymore. i the whole time was like i really. should stop listening to. this yeah but i did that. for three hours it's a three hour. episode yep it's a twoparter what's up. with case file this sounds like actual. torture it i i after that one. i was i i listened to. one it was fantastic. the way they told the story okay. i listened to. another one it was very very good. i listened to. the third one which was this. one a twoparter and i go too. much guess i got to. stop walking because i was starting. to just walk around just like oh man. people get kid i probably know some kidnappers. i probably bumped into. a murderer you know. i mean there're just like the like it'll be like the eyeball. killer and it's like what the [ __ ] is that and you're so intrigued and you look and he takes people's eyeballs. and you're like why those things. i can't deal with when it's that. depraved it's like oh it was depraved. dude i don't want to. know about this i want to. go through my whole life. not knowing about that. kind of [ __ ] do you i used to. listen to that kind of [ __ ] all the time. i can't do it anymore. i know i know i don't do it. but but but it's like what about. this though you want it. well i guess you just want. to know at base. bad things happen so stay. vigilant and safe that's plenty d. you don't need to. know a guy got his penis. cut off and put in his butthole. oh definitely don't need to. know that for 23 hours. a day no yeah exactly like why. why do we revel in the details. of these disgusting st crime. stuff is crazy how it exploded. it is crazy how big it. is now yeah no it's it's so insane. there were a couple shows. podcasts that i found that i was like oh these are really good really they tell the story but it's like after you listen. to 10 or 11. you're just like this is 10. or 11 terrible you start. thinking like oh if i was going. to kill someone how am i do it. wait a minute yeah well that's fun. to think about you but uh you think you. could get away with it i would like any of them. if they didn't get into. the details of the depravity like tell me the basics i don't want to. know how many times they were stabbed. and how much blood there was a little little want. know a little bit of i don't want to. know the whole he hung her. from her her okay. yeah don't want to. know her shoulders were all [ __ ] up wait. what at the end her. shoulders were all [ __ ] up but what what. they dangle like what like a why. why would they do that. is that a joke. why why would they do. that because uh he is a [ __ ] lunatic god. and he whipper and [ __ ] all right. and okay but one thing. though is this is crazy. he said to. her he was like uh i will uh stop screaming. i'll cut your vocal cords. out because done it before. and and and and so she stopped screaming. didn't cut the vocal cords. out okay after she got out. and told the police about everything. which by the way she didn't. tell the police until like she felt cuz the oh it's just so convoluted anyway. but she didn't tell the police right. away well because go grocery shopping first no. because she was very hungry. so she her the the person because the guy had a wife right. and the wife would do it. too oh with her but torture her yeah. okay but the woman was like like um the wife. was like please they were very religious. and they were like don't tell the police because i think i can change it. was all [ __ ] up after that long yeah yeah yeah idiot so she was like religious too and she was like okay but then she was like well no [ __ ] that and told the police and when the police but the wife helped her escape yes but the police um made made they when they were interviewing her they were like this sounds like do you know anything about the the first victim. and she was like what and she was. like oh when she went down. into the basement she remembered seeing things. that the now she's putting it together. that was from the first. victim how [ __ ] up is that and that was they cut her vocal cords all right. and she died all right. it wasn't seven and a half years. it was you know this. is not the way to. end the episode you know. we have a bunch of stuff. that we talk about good. bad the ugly funny serious. drama we do dramy exclusively. terrible is what this last part. was well i you know the good. thing is people who listen. to this podcast a lot. of people listen and then some people will turn it. off just because they got to. do something else so maybe they didn't hear. that part that's the good. news okay uh all right. anyway it's crazy case. file is good though. i talked to you know. case file case file. australian it's australian i learned. it i list listen to. it when i was in australia. because my tour manager. there was listening to. it it's a big podcast. right i guess so yeah i don't really honestly. know australians are cool but i'm going. to be in australia. go check my website oh all right. yeah and get the tickets. to the live show we're going. to do on may. 14th going to be good subscribe. to our patreon oh yeah. we're going toeline luxury get it. get in there that's where it's at. that's where it's on. and popping and everything you know. what to do subscribe. to the private record get tickets. to see my brother's shows. oh get a oneonone with me. at m dot com get the merch. at lifeline merch dot com. we got to do. some new merch. huh let's let's get some new merch. we will we will we will all right. thanks everybody uh sorry that we had to. end on that disgusting. terrible depraved note that chris let us know about and see you next week. unless you subscribe to lifeline. luxury you'll probably see you soon. sooner than that you want h. hello hello hello hello hello hello 