 [music] runk hey yo what's up. man you guys it. is congratulations time but first let me just say. i'm going to be in houston dude. what i'm be in houston i uh have a i'm opening. up ticket well i have another. show in sacramento so here's the deal. look i got sacramento. coming up uh brea impra. let me just go through. it chronologically here sacramento. january 13th at the crest. theater i just added another. show because the first one sold out. then i'm going to. be in brea california working. some material uh and i'll be in phoenix at that celebrity. theater which is like one. of my favorites it's in the round. el paso albuquerque these are all coming up colona bc. vancouver i added a show had a show. sell out added a show. uh rochester new york kitner. ontario shareport and then houston and corpus christi and i got a bunch of other ones. go to chris dot com. um i'm updating my schedule always. so go to chris dot com. go to chris dot com. to get the merch the grower die. special also is out there. um thank you to. everyone that has seen the special. it's my proudest work i appreciate you. if you haven't seen it yet. go to chris dot com. and get the special grow. or die uh and get some merch. while you're there dude. um and that is that and this is [music]. congratulations congratulations [music] uh it is the new year and right. now as we are filming. this it is january 1. so congratulations 2024 we are here and ready. i will be 44 this. year and that is absolutely. crazy to me um. i don't feel old but you know. i was in my i was at the gym. today and i was like you know. what dude i feel like uh i was doing. this thing where i was like i don't like the there. was something i i was thinking in my head. like i don't like that and then i was like that's an i'm an old guy. i guess you know like i guess. that's am i g to. be 44 this year that's crazy. i forget my age a lot. actually um but uh yeah so anyway it's the new year's. don't have a resolution. it's the new year. not the new year's i don't like when people well it's new year's. day so you can say it. anyway um did some shows last night. at the la factory it was great. uh and um you know. i gotta say dude. west hollywood hollywood la i it's always. been my favorite place. to perform because of um it's hard. to perform in la because the crowds could do anything. they they they it's not even. like they're choosing to. go see a comedy show. it's like they just happened. to show up at a comedy. show because they could go do. anything else they could go to. saddle ranch down the street. they could go see you know. just countless musicians in town. they can go to the troubador they could go to. the magic castle they could you know. um so i always liked doing shows. in la because i feel like in a way. if you can you know the crowds are jaded. they've seen they saw they saw john mayor. drive by on the way. into the comedy show. right so it's like so i i i i uh but so i've been doing material. and i've been working on my material. because i've got you know. i'm on tour now doing new material. not which is different from grow. or die so if you've seen. the special you can still come. out but um i i was i i i'm definitely free talking about whatever. i want like there's a lot. of like i i'm i say things. that i truly feel and believe and and you know. it's the reason why i can do that. now is because i'm free i don't i i can't. be cancelled right and that's a beautiful. thing because i already i i faced that fire. and i can say whatever. i want so i do i do i'm i'm being authentic. and 100% me and and because of that i say whatever. the [ __ ] i want and i feel pockets of kickback in la like because of how la la is um you know i can feel when i'm doing certain things and saying things that you sh you know uh that don't you know that that fly very well in the north of florida that. that we like you know. the general population like but but there's always those po. cuz like that whole thing. and i don't want i don't want to. talk about you know i hate talk. getting talk about being woke. and can't like all of it. is just so it feels. like it's p a at this. point but um there are parts i i could feel like one or two people go. like oh like when i say certain things. and man it makes me. feel alive dude i drill harder. your boys got to. drill harder so um it. is what it is my babies. but it feels good. to be free bro. i look at some other comedians that. are doing stuff there are some great. comedians out there that are pushing. the envelope and i don't think by the way the goal. should not be to. push the envelope it should be to. be funny right like there's comedians that. are userfriendly that are fantastic. very talented and some of my favorite. comedians and then there are guys. that you know push the envelope. that are also very fantastic. but um there are comedians that. are just i don't know. man i guess i i guess i kind of i always thought i was going. to you know there's no way. i would have made it through. any of this stuff without like cancel stuff. without like i say i would eventually. say something and then somebody i would lose. everything so you know obviously that happened. anyway but like i feel i feel good it's 2024 and i feel good. i guess that's what i'm trying. to say i don't even know um but i don't have a resolution. somebody asked me what my resolution. is i said i don't have one. i went on the way. to the gym i was walking on my way. to the gym and the lady. said do you have what's your resolution. i said you know. what i don't really do that. and i felt like wow. i'm annoying i'm an annoying. guy right because an annoying. person wants to. let you know what type of guy. they are right or like what. type of chick they are like this. is what an annoying. guy says um um uh hey dude i'm not a dick. i'm just telling the truth. i'm just truthful hey guy. you don't you can be truthful. and not be a di right. um but you yeah or like a like a like sorry. i'm not a [ __ ] if you don't like the truth. then you know it's like it's like no dude. you're a [ __ ] okay um but so she was like what's your resolution. i was like i don't really do that. and i was like oh [ __ ] not corny and i was like i just got to. i don't you know. i i'm just going to. keep doing my thing i'm going. to keep going keep going. dude keep doing what you're doing. man if you if your new year's resolution. is to do something. drastically different you're already [ __ ] up you need to. implement that [ __ ] ah dude. what is this a health and wellness podcast. dude i'm not is this. a [ __ ] am i an am i a [ __ ] uh what do you call it influencer yeah maybe i don't know do i influence maybe i don't know my point is just keep going some of you are going to. be 44 this year just keep going. but i feel good man. i feel nice was doing [ __ ] my back. and my [ __ ] chest today what the hell he didn't. even hit legs dude he hits. legs all the times he even hit legs. it's like um a lot of stuff. i i think happened in my life. uh in this past. week let's the the christmas. i talked about christmas a little bit. um dude calvin holy christ kristen. was out of town for two. nights she went to. the bowl game all right i don't know what the bowl game. is in dallas the toilet. ball or whatever. the [ __ ] it is and um she went and it was mizou versus whoever the hell they played and where's my park. guys here and um dude. so i was alone. with cal my motherinlaw was in town. but i was alone. with calvin meaning i put him. to bed and i was also alone. in the bed sleeping okay. now for for some reason. sleeping alone in my bed. i don't know what it is. but it's it's so hard. to go to sleep. bec and i i think it's that. thing like when my wife. is not in my in our bed. in my bedroom i have this thought where it's like man. i got this bed i could do anything. why don't i build a castle. in here you know. what i mean like just like idiot. dude stuff and then you know. what i do nothing. i just wait in bed. till i go to. sleep right but like i'll get in i'll be. like maybe i'll bring chips. in here i don't even. eat chips you know dude. i got to get fun. dip you know like just dumb. dummy [ __ ] like let's watch porn on the tv and i don't i've never done. that right not saying i don't watch porn. but like on the tv. dude i you know what i'll do. airplay bjs right and then i just go. i have that thought and then i just go and then i just wait and play like royal match. on my phone until i fall asleep. right so i put calvin to. bed i i i went to. go do a a show i believe and then i came back because you know my motherinlaw. was here and uh i come back. i'm about to. pass out and i hear my son. scream my motherinlaw's name which he. calls her kiki that's not. her name because she's not you. know a stripper from fort. lauderdale but she he calls her. kiki and he says kiki. and i run out and i say calvin. what's up and he says and he's like h. he comes in my bed. and he i said are you okay. buddy did you have a bad. dream and he say yeah. i said what was your dream. he said i was sweating. i was sweating sweating. i was sweating trying. to get to mom i kept on sweating. trying to get to. mom and i couldn't get her and mom got away. and i was like oh man. that's so sad you know. it sounds fine but you. know you know how dreams. can be nightmares and they're not nothing. bad h you know what i'm saying like you could be like you could have a a the scariest dream. ever and it's just a it's really. just your man i was in radio. shack and dude it was crazy. the guy was like he kept asking me. questions about vcrs and it was like i didn't really know the answer. and then he was like i'll go into. the back come with me and we went to. the back and there were like a bunch of [ __ ] electronics and you're like and and you're talking it telling about this nightmare and you're like telling some guy and you're like guy's like oh yeah that's not scary. that's so boring that don't tell me. that you [ __ ] loser hey stop wasting my you just told me. about an errand so my my son. said that and i was like h. i guess it's kind of scary. if you're almost four you can't find your mom. and you're sledding why. you sledding my you. know so i'm like oh that's that's it's all. good buddy it's fake i'm with you. right now i got you we go. to sleep right so but i didn't even. go to sleep. yet so it's 3:30. now and i'm like man. i haven't gone to. sleep yet he wakes up at 4:30. so now 1 hour later. i finally get to. sleep now i'm up and he goes. dude he this is what he does. sits up in bed. and i feel it like i'm a light. i'm sleeping light and i look over. and my son who's almost four. the scariest of the horror movie. age for kids when they're in movies. and demonic points to. nothing and says hey dad who's that. guy ch s but i bury it and why. do i bury it because i'm dad. now am i scared. no i'm terrified but i'm neither scared. or terrified right now because i've got to. swallow it and i'm dad. right say he said who's that. guy and i go no one's there. and ran out and jumped into. the pool my son traumatized and and knows i'm a [ __ ] all right so i immediately swallowed it. i'm not scared or terrified i'm dad. so i say what guy. and he says that guy. over there and i said calvin. nobody's over there and he says yes there is terror but i bury it cuz i'm dad. and i say well what do. you mean cuz there's nobody over there. and he says yeah there's a guy over. there he's like talking oh hey [ __ ] get back. up in my anus. i say oh what's he saying. and he says he's talking and he's kind of doing like this. and then my son goes like this. so not only is it. scary that my son thinks. there's someone in my room. that i don't see that's doing. this but i'm also staring at an almost fouryearold. doing this nothing's scarier okay. so now i say oh well he's not doing that. and you're just dreaming. it's all good i got you. get back to sleep. now he go lays down i hold. him but i'm like i kind of need to. i'm scared [ __ ] get back up. in that anus and then i woke you know i had to. wake up after that like 8:30 because billy. got up dude it was it. was it was terrifying. hey dude hey calvin if you're watching this. when you're older thanks. for that but by the way. i protected you didn't i and i said i would and i you know. i protected you against nothing but it's nothing. was there but what if kids. get are like in a can see in a secret. dimension like dogs can you know. and they see ghosts. right i don't believe in that. [ __ ] but i'm just saying like there's no ghosts. dude i'm so it's so annoying. that people think that ghosts. are real and stuff like that. is real because i'm not even. saying it's not real if it is real. show me all good i'm 40. almost four show me and i'll believe it. you didn't yet okay. see you i am getting old though. because i [ __ ] ate uh no not ate i was god. this is actually so emar whatever who gives a [ __ ] it's not embarrassing. i don't get embarrassed at this. kind of stuff i should i say it's embarrassing. because it should be embarrassing but it's not i i was i was sick i told you i was sick uh last time. i think yeah i did. and um i was like 10% sick for like two. two weeks and the the last part. was like a stomach thing and my son. i just go i come out. downstairs and i'm like oh i got a i got a toot nothing's. better than tooting in front of a threeyearold. right you i'm going to. get like a standing ovation. like i'm just so happy. i can't wait i got this. toot locked right so i run. over i say yo calvin. and he says what i lift. up my leg and i go to. blast out the toot. no sound no to. comes out and that's a real bummer. but the even worse. bummer is i [ __ ] my pants okay so not only did i not get the laugh the sound didn't come out and i [ __ ] in my pants with my leg up all right like dude one like one thing if you are [ __ ] in your pants standing that's embarrassing bro i [ __ ] lifted a leg up like i was a powerpuff girl one are those things like i was just and then just powderpuff p p powerpuff dude and i and i go oh i'll be right back dude this is how it looked i go hey calvin lifted a leg up and i said i'll be right back dude he had no idea that i just low what a bummer huh dude and i'm talking about it wasn't like the kind where you have to. go and wipe it and you can wear the same. underwear i had to change like dude. i went back upstairs walked. into my room. and i was a man. changing his shitty underwear. dude do you understand. and and the best part. my son had no idea any of that. happen he didn't even know. i tried to fart. he just thought i lifted a leg. up and then said i'll be right. back how amazing and then i forgot. and here's the best part. cuz our nanny was there. when it happened i forgot that. i didn't tell them it. happened and then later on i was telling my wife. about it and my nanny. heard me and said oh you [ __ ] yourself then and i said oh yeah i forgot i didn't i guess i didn't tell you dude. the best dad um it's just really great. you know what does this. mean i sometimes i write [ __ ] down i've got no idea. poo poo with the scent. thing in my eye babe. what does that mean. do you know do you know. was it poo poo with the scent. thing in my eye poooo with the scent. thing in my eye scent. thing like smelling scent scent. thing in my eye i don't know did. you get something in your eye. i got something in my eye. i guess it was poo poo i don't. know i thought going have pink. eye i don't remember anyway. um dude i i i i i know that. sometimes i talk about being a dad. too much but it is fullon the the greatest. thing dude it's fullon the greatest. thing you know how they say do the try to. get to a point. where you're do where what you. love becomes your job. and get paid for that. i did that with standup. comedy bro now i need to. get paid for being a dad cuz that's what i love. so in a way that is what i'm doing. cuz i'm talking about being a dad so it. all kind of works out but dude. i we were at we went. to cir dole which is in uh was in um phoenix we went to. phoenix went to. cir to now when i was a kid. i went to. cir do solle and i remember dude. i'm not a guy i have a thing. where i'm not impressed by. something that is as impressive. as it can be i'm not very impressed. with something that only uh ends. up fueling itself right. like this is hard to. explain but like break dancing or or beatboxing. is is like a number one. thing it's like as good as you are. at beatboxing the only thing that that means is you're a good. beatboxer it doesn't help. with anything else you know break. dancing is kind of like that. but you could argue it's good. exercise so it kind of falls to. the wayside in that way. but like stuff like that. i i don't like sports is. kind of like that except for it. helps you be more capable hand ey coordination. so but it's one of the reasons. why i don't like sports. but beatboxing number one thing like that okay cir do solle is kind of in that area. because i get it. you're twisting twirling plates around. and you're a human pretzel. and you're jumping off a high dive. but then i'm like who cares. you still got to. to go get groceries. after that you know. you still got to. wipe off all your kabuki. [ __ ] and then go do your life and i understand that's your passion that's what you love and look people flock. to it so that's great. do it but it's not for me. all right it's not for me. so of course my wife. and her side of the family. say let's go to. cirus and i think huh i don't love cir dle but i would love to. take my kids to. cir d now billy's too young. so we took calvin we all went. all the family her and uh you know. kiki and all everybody. in her family there were like so many people there. in her family a lot. of people in her fil. you'd think she was a mormon. and we get to. ciray and we're watching it. and calvin is good at watching stuff. dude like real good like not all. over the seat you know. for 40 minutes he'll he'll. he'll bang it out and then when that. 41st minute hits he go he'll he will he will look at me no matter what we're watching. and he will and no matter how many people are around. and he will very loudly. say let's leave okay. so that happened right they were doing some twirly things. and i it's impressive. it is impressive. but i don't care in. in in the back of my head. i'm i'm watching these dudes jump. over each other and i'm like that's cool. but there's something else huh. there's something else for your life. huh no i'm glad you like it. figure something else out right. you're still young you got your whole life. ahead of you stop jumping over that. guy right ah um so i leave with calvin because everyone's not going. to leave and he's like let's leave so i'm like all right. come on let's go. dude my i have a video of it. and i'll i'll send it to. you so you can put it in the thing. but uh there's these big promo posters. of like uh things that are coming. to the theater i played the theater. before it used to. be the cerica theater now. it's something it's not called that. anymore but um and uh my son said stops and looks up at this. promo this poster that is i don't see. what he's looking at but he's just like and i'm i'm like it. must be like bluey or blues. clues or that guy that. got in trouble for [ __ ] on another guy that used to. be the what was it. um uh what's that guy. uh hey guys come on let's go. look at the margo round. or the [ __ ] science what the [ __ ] is his name blippy he's [ __ ] on another guy yeah and they had to. replace him yeah he got canceled. for [ __ ] on another guy so they got a mixed race. blippy now and uh if you're white you can't [ __ ] on another guy even if it's [ __ ] all you know on the level uh now by the way because that happened now i'm a blippy fan i didn't give a [ __ ] about him at all but he straight up [ __ ] on another dude and the video got out and he got fired at blippy which sucks dude my heart goes up to. that dude but whatever anyway um he is. enveloped in this poster i look. at the poster and it's just for rob. schneider's show coming to. the his standup show like i'm i'm talking. about my son is like locked into. it and it's just a picture. of rob schneider and he's like this and it's like narcissist whatever the show's called narcissist confessions. narcissist confessions i think it's called and my son says i don't see that and i say you want. to see this and he says yeah. i want to. see that and i said well i mean. i can make it happen. if you want you know i know obviously i know. rob and [ __ ] and like i like that's hilarious. my son i told him. his name was rob schneer. my son wouldn't shut the [ __ ] up about rob schneider. for the next okay on the way. home she he's like i see dude. rolling the car he's just like i see. rob snider bro dude. can we when we get home. can we see youtube can we look up. on youtube rob schneider can we see rob schneider uh videos and i'm just like buddy. you're not going to. like it like i don't know. what he thinks it. is but he kept and then we were and then later on. when we got home like what's your favorite. part cirto he was like it. was when the guy with the hat. and it was the guy. with the hat that poster. dude it was the guy. with the hat and he's and he's uh with the with the hat. and he's talking and we're like what [ __ ] part. is that and he was like you know. i said you mean the the person. in on stage he said no. no on the poster he's talking. about [ __ ] rob schneider dude the poster. of rob schneider was his favorite part. of cir d so hilarious. we go to bed. and i mean in the car. the whole way home it's like 25. minutes away from the house. he was just like hey dad. turn around one time i swear. to god he said hey dad turn around. i turned around looked at him. and he said rob schneider. bro he's not even four. okay so so we get home. yeah we go to. sleep go to sleep. we're all sleeping in the same. bed billy is in another room but it's me. kristen and calvin is sleeping. in between us and where i'm playing royal. match which by the way. calvin showed me the game i didn't know. about it but i do play royal match. now it's an app and i'm playing the game. and calvin's like laughing messing. it up and [ __ ] you know hitting the buttons and i don't you know i i'm of two minds. i'm like ah it's beautiful. i got to let my kid. do this this is so fun. and i i can't tell him to. stop but then also i'm like you're [ __ ] up my royal match. game you know crazy i can't swallow that part. and completely have it leave my body. but i'm still in the back. of my head i'm like a he's ruining that. all good well like why. do i even have to. feel that part you know. why can't i just be in love with my son. moving the jewels around and [ __ ] it up for me. but i also that bothers me. but hey real is real and he speaks. his mind right he speak his mind. so anyway um we go to. sleep we wake up and when i wake up. i'm looking at calvin. because i'm obsessed with him and he wakes up opens his eyes. looks at me and he says wow. and i and i didn't say. anything and he says you know. what that sounds like and i said what. and he said wneo. bro after that i realized well. the day is not going to. get any better you know. like that's the absolute pinnacle. of the day and that's fine. but how [ __ ] funny is it being that's what i'm saying being a dad dude [ __ ] talking to. my friend the other day. he was like maybe i'll have kids. i'm like bro what the [ __ ] does poooo with the scent. thing in my eye mean. don't know nah something got in my eye. though new year's eve. was fun we went to. um i was in long. beach i did the show. in long beach and drove to. hollywood on the way. a little bit of argument with kristen. and then did a show in uh at uh in hollywood. we buttoned up the argument you know. what is it about [ __ ] holidays. were you just is it. a selffulfilling prophecy because. at this point i'm like i know one thing's going. to happen in the holidays. i'm going to eat. too much and i'm going to. get an argument with my my wife. like that's just what is. that and i know you feel me. on this dude dudes and the women. like what is it about. that it's not particularly more. stressful i mean sometimes it. is right like if you're having everybody. over on christmas you're like well something's going to. go on i'm going to. snap be ready hey like you know. what i'm saying like you wake up. in the morning now sweetie. me first of all merry christmas. love you can't wait to. give you your gift. i know the fam's coming over. later sweetheart i'm gna snap okay. forgive me i'll try. not to but it's inevitable. i'm gonna i'm gonna say something. really sharp to. you right i'm not going to. call you a [ __ ] because i don't do that but i'm going to. hit you with the business. right i'm going to. say well then where the [ __ ] is it louder. than i my normal cadence right. let's just i and you're then you're going. to be like i okay and you're going. to get quiet right. you quiet for way too long. and then i'm gonna have to. come over and be like what's up. something wrong and i know what's wrong. but i'm going to. have to make you say. it right so you know new year's. happened so we i don't even. honestly remember what it was. about we buttoned it up. it's all good but my my my my uh but kristen was like i want. to go after oh this. so i this is not what the argument. was like i was like hey i'm gonna do shows. on on new year's. eve if you want to. come if you don't want to. come i won't do the shows. right but like if and we'll go out. or whatever we'll stay home. go whatever it is something we'll do something else but i'll do shows. if you want to. come out she's like [ __ ] yeah sounds like fun. so i booked the shows. did them and she was like hey my friends. are at soho house. downtown um can we go after your set. at the laugh factory the second one. and i was like [ __ ] man i'm supposed. to go on stage. at 10 1116 was my spot. i'm going to do. 20 minutes 25 35 36 that's how i do math. so it's going to. be 11:36 then i got to. get down to downtown which is who the [ __ ] i mean sometimes. that drive is an hour. in traffic i don't think there'll. be that much traffic but i'm like babe. we may not make it. because here's the thing the spots. are at 11:16 it's not going. to be at 11:16 the spots. going to be later. than that so we're playing it. real close and my my wife. is cool as [ __ ] she goes like this. who cares and i'm like we might be in the car. when the ball drops and she says whatever and i'm like you're awesome but she really wants to. go to the so house. and gun to my head. do i want to. go to soho house. g in my head. like i'm trying to. think nah you know. i don't gun to. my head do i want to. go do anything nah you know. what i'm saying i wanna. i want to. go home right don't want. to be a new it's all. her friends fine her i love her. friends by the way but none of my friends. which they're my friends too but you know. what i mean dude. don't make me explain. it um and uh so the manager. says when do you want me. to light you and i say h. give me a light at like 15. and then i'll wrap it. up in five you know. five minutes or whatever. it is what how long spot. is 18 minutes it's like all. right um on stage it's going. well i'm having a good time. on stage um making people laugh. usually new year's shows. are sometimes a little weird and disjointed because anytime a show is about when something. else takes precedence over the comedy. the show is not as good. usually like new year's eve. comedy show the thing on everyone's mind. is it's new year's eve. not the comedy show. or st patrick's day right. anything like that is just halloween. the worst time to. perform right so um so but it was good so i did. the show and i'm on stage. and i look and i get the light. uh but it's not the light. that they usually give it's the [ __ ] it's it's a cell phone. with red on it and i'm like oh the light. must be broken i get off stage. and my wife's like let's go and i'm like all right. we we may we got 17 minutes. to get downtown we get in a car. and she was like oh man. i wonder if we'll make it it. says eta is 12:01 so i'm like [ __ ] dude i'm in the throat. mobile good time i took it i took this bro. i'm screaming through the streets. and my wife was like wasn't that. hilarious and i said wasn't what. hilarious and she said when i when i lit. you you dude i didn't even get the light. yet my wife lit me dude. my wife was in the back. with her cell phone giving me. the light oh dity i was like that. was why the light was not the light. and it was a red cell. phone she was like yeah like i was going. to like it i actually did. i thought it was [ __ ] hilarious. she was like because i knew you. wanted the light i heard you say. you wanted at 15 minutes. and it was 15. minutes i was like they were going to. let me go longer she was. like yeah but i knew it. was at 15 minutes and i looked at the the time. we get there and we we going. to get there in the nick of time. so i l you i was you got off just in time. we're going to be there. 12:01 she was like try to. shave 2 minutes off i was like all right. dude i'm screaming down. the 101 she's just like go. faster by the way she is always on my [ __ ] if i didn't think about texting and driving she's like uhuh. if i don't do a stop at a stop sign. she's like christopher and now when it benefits her. dude she's like go. faster i'm like baby i'm going. 90 miles an hour faster i go faster she's hell yeah. dude we get there. at 1158 your boy can. drive he's mario andred he's aler jr. what the [ __ ] godamn it dude. screaming through the streets of la. you know car's too low. oh [ __ ] god damn it. every time that happens my the bottom i bottom out. and also i bottom out because my anus. prolapses because i'm so nervous. um m and then dude here's the thing. you don't know my wife. but she did the most my wife. thing ever you don't know. her so this isn't going. to be this isn't going. to be anger inducing to. you guys but for me it's going. to be anger inducing we're driving on. the way there halfway. there i'm screaming going. 90 on the freeway it's a tupac song and she says oh [laughter] [ __ ] and i say what and she says i don't have my wallet it hey this sucks a a come on wife you left your wallet home on new year's eve oh hey come on i guess we got to. go to the brain. store you need a replacement. so dude i and i'm like oh babe. we're not going to. be able to. get in and she says nah. i'm going to get my friend. to come down and meet us. give me her id. and then we're going to. get in with her id. and i say what the [ __ ] is your friend. going to do she's like she's already. in there she already got in so it'll be fine. i'm like maybe and then i actually say this. maybe they won't card us. because it's me like a [ __ ] degenerate. but if it's good for something. because know sometimes they like oh yeah yeah come on in you know. cuz you're famous so i get there. i pull up i say bro. uh here's the keys. i do the valet the guy. of course her friend. isn't out there so i'm like the bouncer the you know he's french or some [ __ ] he's like no no i'm i'm pulling. up my wife is already. there talk to. the bouncer bouncer and she's just like i don't know. yeah so what is it. with the uh to. me looking to. me like that that look of oh hey we're gna talk. a secret language and you're going. to be on my page. right and we're gonna outsmart. this guy and i see it. in her face and i i and i think oh [ __ ] what page right. because like are we spies cuz if we're spies cool. but also you had some shots so it's not going. to probably go the way. you think it so she's like so are we on is. it was it was it patty's. list or and i'm and i'm like well. patty's her friend but she was like are. you on is it you that. has the membership or is it. patty that has the membership. and i'm like well i don't have a membership. to soh house so i have to. say patty so i'm like patty and then the french bouncer's like then we need both. of your ids and i'm just like where's your friend. like what page do i how am i so then patty runs. and time we're the buzz is. up you know new year's. is happening there's there's 30 seconds. to midnight okay patty comes. down that's them the french. guy looks at me and goes okay. go ahead we go in we're in the elevator and we're like is it. time we're in the elevator in the elevator with it's the it's three. of us and then one other chick. that we don't know and she's like i think the ball. is dropping and we're like okay. we go up to. the oh the door go. the the elevator doors go. bo and everyone scs happy. new year dude and we [ __ ] made it that was the best. way dude we did it. he screamed through the 101. and [ __ ] valet parked his car which he doesn't normally. valet that car because it's [ __ ] highend but he still did it. patty came down didn't need. the [ __ ] ids went up. in the elevator doors open. screamed happy new year. [ __ ] yeah dude it was so dope and then al since after that the night obviously went downhill. because that was really exciting. and then i was just kind of like buying. drinks for everybody how crazy is it. that when it's like your wife. or your girl and her friends. and like you you're paying for the drinks. and i know everybody. doesn't do this but like you're just you're paying for a worst. time you know it's like you're you're it's the worst. transaction everything you pay for. benefits you cuz money benefits. you and with money you get stuff. that the only thing you get is something that benefits you. nobody's going to be like hey here's 10k give me hiv. right but when you're with your wife. or girlfriend and her friend friends. and you're buying the drinks. even if you're just buying them. some drinks you're paying to. make it worse for you. that and i'm here i am. babe the card and i'm just oh here uh okay what. what is it you know. oh you already added the tip. gr i did i also tipped. so that's that just way. too much here you go. and then um okay drink all. these ladies and then yell at my. face drink all these and then you know. dance to don't forget to. scream out the part. we want prenups when they play. it right and uh so i'm like all right. and they're having a blast. and by the way i'm joking. it was it was it was they were having a great. time and it was really cool. to to see like i was obviously. sober not not drinking but they were. having a few drinks and it was it. was so fun to. see them have fun like and i'm just like it. was one of those things like you know we were having conversation. but then i was like they were dancing. on the dance floor. and i'm like huh. i'm an appendix right. now i'm not needed right. i could literally explode. and it would be okay. you know appendix can just burst and like you can just get it. out you don't need it. so i'm like i'm going to. go out to. the uh outside area. cuz it looks like there's less people there. and i walk out there. and this dude looks at me. and he says bro oh 12. out of 10 you're a 12. out of 10 and i'm like is he talking about my comedy. or is this guy trying. to [ __ ] me like i don't know what he's means so i say you're the man. bro fist bump him then i go sit down. in water of course because that's just what happens. i sat down on a wet spot. because it was time. for that you know what. i'm saying i didn't want to. i didn't know there was a wet i knew it. was there i wouldn't have sat. there but it was my time. in the night and in my life. to sit on a wet spot. and be annoyed for the rest. of the night cuz i had a wet ass. right i it should it. was just i didn't even get mad. at i sat in the wet spot. and in my head i' just go that's the game. and i sit down i go. charge it to. the game that is the just yes that's how it goes the cookie. crumbles that way great fine. um i'm in the wet spot. cuz i ain't moving i'm. bez at this point. i ain't moving and because i'm stubborn. and if i'm going to. sit in a wet spot i'm gonna i'm going. to work it out like i heard george. carlin once say that he got a jay walking ticket. and so since then he started to. j walk even more and in a few. years he worked out to. like each jwalk was a fraction of a penny. and i'm like i'm going to. store that in my mind. and then that's why i sat in the wet. spot and didn't move because i'm like i'm going. to make this worth it. i'm not going to. use the energy to. get up and get to. a different dry spot. and then [ __ ] it right so i'm like ah wet spot all right cool charge the game i'm all good so i sit there and because i'm not getting up dude. all this is this [ __ ] that goes. on in my mind bro. bro i i mean when i say this. out loud sometimes on the podcast. i'm just like i can't. believe how crazy i am and i'm on. meds like i'm on meds. like people people out there. that are afraid to. take meds because they think they're going. to change who you are. hey take the meds. it's going to. be fine i sat. in a wet spot on purpose. for 15 minutes you're good so. i'm sitting there this dude. comes up to me a different. dude not the 12 out. of 10 dude and says dude. he does one of these and it's fine. except for he already did. that 10 minutes ago to. me didn't tell you that part. because i wanted to. tell the story like this because i wanted you to. understand how annoying it was after i threw that. in there okay i didn't tell you about the guy. before when he did it. because then i didn't want to. be like and then that guy. who did this came along. and then did this again. it wouldn't have had as much. impact as you know. i did like the pulp fiction. thing where it was like oh it starts. in the middle and it ends. at the beginning and [ __ ] it would have been f. one of these is fine. bro again you did. it inside and outside. so you know oh yeah what's up. he says man what's up. dude i'm like not much. just chilling you're the man. and he says yeah do hey do you mind. if i sit down and just have a chat. with you and i go in my [music]. head right the alarms like how the [ __ ] do i get out. of this but i say a version. of hell yes because i don't want. to be a dick. what you know what i mean. like have boundaries i and then i through the whole course of conversation. i'm talking to. this guy for like 5. minutes 6 minutes i'm like i could have just said i'm actually. enjoying sitting in this wet spot. by myself sir um but he was like so dude like you know what he said to. me at first so how's comedy. hey guy are you taking boring. pills what the [ __ ] hey. guy come on hey guy can you sign. up for some conversation class. i know it sounds [ __ ] an like i'm an elitist and [ __ ] but like come with it man. how's comedy you know what i'm going. to say good it's good. man i don't know what do. you mean you know it's good. yeah how show's been. great man it's been going. really well you know torn a lot. yeah yeah hey man can i ask. you something he says and i say in my head. but obviously hell [laughter]. yes and he says got a question. what's your favorite city. to perform in and the truth. is i don't know people ask. me that a lot. but like it's kind of all. the same except for when you're in like sugarland. texas you know or de mo. i i you know i don't know but i whenever say. what's your favorite city. of performing because that that's that's not. what's your favorite city. to be in that that is an easy. answer question oh i love new. york i love uh you know. uh vancouver toronto austin i love these chicago my kind of town. right um but what's your fav performing. now i got to. think of the shows okay i go i go. i was like i don't know boston is great. to perform in uh chicago. new york fort lauderdale is really great. and i'm and he's like huh. and uh and i was like maybe at least the silver. lining of this conversation will. be because it wasn't that. bad the guy was so nice. and i'm being funny for the podcast. but at least i know one thing. that is keeping me going. in this conversation his ass. is probably wet so i'm talking to. him and he's trying to. pretend his ass isn't wet. but i know we're both in the wet. ass club right i know. i know as soon as you sat. down that we're both sitting in we're swamp. asses right now and then he says all right. well good to you know. we talked for six minutes oh oh and then the 12. out of 10 guy. comes up and says hey man. here's a drink to. me and i'm like oh dude. i don't drink i'm really sorry. but uh you know i i don't and she says all right. gives it to. the other guy and says here you. drink it and the guy's like uh he didn't know. the guy and i'm like bro. no you know what i mean. takes a drink the guy. leaves then the guy who was talking. to me got up and i looked down. completely dry in his area. and i was [music]. pissed i was the only one with swamp. pass charge it to. the game dude i can't believe chrisan light. lit me you know. that's like absolutely bonkers but it. is what it is god. that's funny dude that's funny. i can't wait till my sacramento. shows how about that um sacramento. i kind of i like performing. in sacramento i know. it's kind of a people think it's a kind of a weird. town but it's nice it's not i'm not the i'm not saying the the thing. is not n the the town. is nice i don't know. what is this this is crazy. that you sent me. this ian zering fights. mini bikers on new. y's eve because i i [ __ ] thought of ian. oh ian i thought hison. i thought of him today. bro what the [ __ ] the last time i thought of ion zering before today was when i was 13. and i thought of him today. and i actually thought oh yeah that's a guy. by the way i've met him. a few times the nicest bro. when i tell you when somebody says who's the nicest guy. you met in hollywood he's at. the top of the list. john corbett is at the top. of the list and ian zering. is at the top of the list. who else is at the top. of the list the nicest guys in hollywood. um ion zering john cor. corbett uh a lot of dicks. in hollywood honestly a lot. of dicks in hollywood um that's it. if there was a movie with john corbett and ion zering i would be first in line. i would be there before. the the theater opened up dressed as one of their characters like they do for star. wars that that's how nice they are they're both. so nice who the [ __ ] else. is nice i don't know. i can't think of another nice. person and i don't mean. not like i know nice. people in hollywood but i'm talking about. that nice where you just. walk away and you're like god damn. he was really nice and made me feel really. comfortable you know a lot. of people are are you know. cool [ __ ] anyway um this is the video where he got now now i have a video of him. getting in a fight with bikers. so it was probably because he was like trying. to save a woman that's how nice he is and we are following some developing news. beverly hills 90210 star. ian zering attacked by a. group of bikers in la. holy [ __ ] video from tmz shows. the new year's eve dust up. along hollywood boulevard as several mini bikes. were zipping in and out. of traffic it appears z. zing's car may have been hit. and he took out his anger. on one of the bikers. others joined in ganging up on zering until he ran across the street. to break free tmz. reports a police report was taken. listing zering as the victim. dude that's crazy they're like and this. is for brenda dude. how crazy is it. you know what sucks dude. having to get into. a fight with a guy. with four guys with helmets. on you just you can't punch. them you break your hand. so you just go ah [ __ ] man must that you know what that is straight. up rage some ion zering rage. this is crazy that's it. i'm going to be in sacramento. and houston and uh phoenix and albuquerque and el paso. go to to. chia dot com to. get tickets and after this go. watch my special chris dot com. it's called grow or die. get at chris dot com. appreciate the support work really. hard on it and then uh leave a comment and all that if you want to. watch uh that's it for youtube. if you want to. watch the rest of the video. uh uh this episode go. to patreon dot com christalia and watch uh watch the rest. of it this uh and watch the rest of every other episode. that we have and then also watch the one. episode a month that we do extra. on our patreon for just $6. i don't even know how many episodes. there are but you can go get it. now and watch all of the ones. that we've done if you're on a road trip. if you're having a good time. if you want to. [ __ ] b do it but thank you very much you guys we [music] out. 