 runk hello hello hello hello hello not honestly. we going to say. the same color hello. i don't know i i looked on the tv. and it were you outside recently. yeah cin is in tball got. caught doing something so bad. the way you're looking right. now go outside uh this episode is brought to. you by te hanley we'll. talk about their amazing men's skin. care products later on. in the show yeah but yeah i i i i which i have on right. now i got some on me. right now i'm just saying oh australia. i'll be there i my dates. were announced i added adelaide. chris dot com melbourne. uh sydney and then i got uh also coming up. uh north charleston augusta de mo. um chattanooga and then oh we have our lifeline. live show uh in irvine. so go to chris dot com. but there's a bunch of different uh dates. i got solo dates. too go to. chris dot com check that. out our thing is uh may 14th is that right. may 14th at the irvina. improv get your tickies we a bunch of tickets. already which uh is nice. better get in there better. get in there you can also subscribe. to our patreon patreon. dot com lifeluxury uh that's where to. be honestly honestly let me tell you something. it's been on and popping there. for a few months but now. we're doing i think we're doing three. epis a month now instead. of two which is bang. for the buck baby and also we're going to. we'll probably we'll probably end up. releasing the lifeline. live episode on our patreon. um so anyway and you don't want to. miss it but uh you want to. miss it uh also obviously subscribe. to my solo podcast. the private record got a new binging and bonging wild. episode this week dude. you know what pedestrian. is yeah you know. what it is dude. i didn't know what it. was well i mean well it's definitely selfexplanatory no. i don't think it is. cuz i was like what is that oh okay. someone uses you to. yeah oh i'm sorry pro. but that's what it seems like officer. deia no no hold on what else. would pedestrians be i i i would. have to like guess i i mean. i think we can't say. probably okay well okay well that's great. anyway we can but okay. but limit though youtube. wise uh bleit yeah bleep it you could say slide anyway somebody was a victim of that and it's super messed up i was going to. say effed up but you know. what i learned my oh in your in your uh yeah. on the podcast yeah that's got to. be she just so crazy. so terrible to. have that happen hey uh how can you use somebody. car car oh somebody ran. in front of her. car in the freeway dude. oh god it have you heard death. by cop yes yes so it's i mean. kind of like that only the person's not. a cop well if it was going to. be self super selfexplanatory explanatory be death by random person. death by random person yeah it's wordy. yeah it is yeah i was i keep trying. going to say the word. i'm not going to. say it uh yeah so subscribe. to uh the thank you uh what else. what else what else what else. you got a question you want to. be on this show go. to watch watch lifeline dot com. you can leave a message on the hotline. too we don't really. get a lot of those. lately but those are cool. if you want to. be super anonymous to. see your face i like it cuz they get really grimy and weird. sometimes they get confessional i like when they s videos. okay well you already said that. which which is what's interesting. uh you want a oneonone session. with me go to. mata dot com book it i'll save your life or make it demonstrably. better uh and of course get the lifeline. merch at lif merch dot com. do you do you know. the song hurricane wow i can't how i have to. think about this more i i i i really like this. song hurricane they used to. um but oh no hurricane. but you could call me. slurricane those are the worst. lyrics i've ever heard in my life. it's e40 oh e40 is the man. i wish i was 40. i wish it was water. yeah that's great um wish it. was 40 i wish it. was water just like losing his mind. but uh so anyway it's lifeline. and uh here we are i'm going. to stage coach this. weekend uh no hardy invited. me and i actually he got me. these shoes too he sent me these shoes. which got his uh um their floofers they got him. on the back look at they got his like little uh what do. you call it oh you can see it. on the bottom look at that. his what do they call. it like not silhouette but whatever it is. the glasses and the hat. he's a cool dude. so i'm going to. go watch him at uh stage coach. with with wifey okay. do you think it's okay. to say wifey no. i no it's not it's not really. okay it's it's annoying i guess. do men say it. i thought women said it. about their female friends. n it's mostly it's mostly women. who say it about their female friends. and then also black guys will. say it about their thir significant other you know wifey. got me at home tonight well. i got this hat for free. so you're not the only cool. person okay somebody sent me. a bunch of hats. and this is one. of them yep okay yep. um i it's been two weeks. since we've been in here right. yes that's good dude. how about the fact. that i was sometimes. you get sick and it goes. away and you're good y and then sometimes. you get sick and you're just sick. for two months the latter. has happened to me. the last two times i'm sick. including this time i i got better. over two weeks ago. same and i'm just still. blowing it out of my head. nonstop dude but you were sick. for a really short period. which makes it even more hardcore. sick yeah for very short. like a a day and a half. yeah and then i was sick as a dog. for like a week eight. days something like that my body. does some i don't know it. it does like it doesn't stay. sick for long but but i it's been lingering. yeah and that's so annoying. you got lingering itis no. yeah you got oh you got lingering itis itis no. okay no i don't have lingering itis that's good. and i'll tell you what that's not going. to be the episode. name so don't even think about it. i wasn't thinking about that. but mak was and so was you know. was and anthony wasn't listening but um anthony definitely wasn't listening. i almost made a joke. cuz he was like earlier he was like oh what' you guys. say i wasn't listening i said oh are we recording. i almost said that what about. when people what what about. when people bring up jokes. that they almost made oh no. i i am all for that. okay yeah brought why. because you it sucks. when the time when the moment. passes and i want you. to understand that this is what i was going. to do and how funny do you think it. was going to be but what about. the potential to. lie people have the potential to. say they were going to. say something but really took hours to. think of it i'll tell you right. now i've never in my life. ever done that once and i will never do. that what about the potential. for other people to. do that the the the the the reason. why uh telling someone. you were going to. do a joke and didn't get the chance to. do it is only for me. if someone else does it. i don't care yeah yeah. so you don't care about. other people just yourself no. i i i i i don't care if they're lying. or not i i want you to. know i was going. to make that joke. what about when other people do it. though do you just not care. yeah okay so then you do only care. about yourself it no i don't only care. about myself in that fashion. i only care about that. fact that i get to. do it i get what you're saying. yeah wow that's a pretty. pretty you hat huh. pretty this one was custom made for me. oh really yeah yeah yeah you that's weird. you don't get that at bing bong. limited okay that could be the episode. name if you want but so selfish. dude why just cuz you said it. i got one it me it's your saying. but you bing bong limited. though that's different i mean. bing bong limited is a great title. all right i'm just argue with me. he hey name a better. title i'll wait wow i'll wait dude. i hate all wait. yeah i don't like all waight. i i i that was a good. use usage of it. i'll do that i'll do that. i don't like to. do that okay um you like this. hat which one's better. uh you just don't like trucker hats. they're both very bad yeah. on that note uncle becca's inappropriate. trucker hats you get your custom ones. i i don't dislike trucker hats. really yeah and you can obviously make whatever. you want with that guy. i like that one better. i'd say cuz that one. makes it see people will take that. wrong and be like oh that. guy thinks he's knows stuff. that i don't yeah i don't like that. yeah [ __ ] this one okay but the bing bong. one's cool i mean. that one's cool yeah we're going. to roll with this oh i hit the dog. june i'm sorry okay. she hates me now she hate. me uh he hate me. what was that no it was she hate. me right no he ha. me the the the jersey yeah hef. guy yeah that was awesome. then there was a second one he hate me. too right yeah yeah to. yeah i know not not. a sequel oh oh really. it's not a sequel. it's it's not he hate me. the prequel and then he hate. me too no what was what was. uh what was the guy's name his real. name rob smart uh bob. smart rod rod he hate. me what a great name rod. smart dude yeah i mean. 100% a character in 1950 show. wow r it's rod schmart. you see rod i'll figure it out. rod schmart and he say schmart wow. yeah i want that to. be my name i'm rod. smart rod schmart the pi. where are you the night. of the 16th what are you laughing. at raj font where were you the night of the 16th oh you were huh. so if i asked them. they'll confirm that story okay rob schn. rob sch here's my here's here's my card. let's take a picture huh. hey i notic something funny about that. picture a few weeks ago. you know cool later on. cool cool cool cool you loving dude. chris is loving it you. know there's something different about this. here what but you know. i i pay attention to. detail i'm rob schma look at this. what is it i don't what. do you notice oh well i see. see a guy i see a guys. i see guys i see a guy's wrist. yeah what's up with that. wrist oh there's a tail. line he used to. have a watch yeah it. looks like maybe somebody stole his watch. hm rat why do you. keep [ __ ] up when he says his name dude everything. else you say perfectly. you go i'm saying rob and i want i need to. say rod and i because rod straight up it's crazy. that rod is a name. okay and i'm not saying it's good. or bad but rob is a name okay. it would be like somebody uh named it was. named krin okay so or map. rod anyone named rod. is really nam rob. absolutely mh always without question. 100% of the time an adult. male named rod i mean. tak has affairs with married. women rodley any doesn't matter rodrigo it. doesn't matter just go. by rod you sleep with married. women and you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] bag for it oh w well i mean obvious so like that's his thing no he just just rods fall into. that thing yeah they they end. up doing that do you think uh it's bad. to sleep with mar women like for a guy. if a guy so obviously it's not right. but like morally speaking. right but but do you are you. the kind of person that thinks it's on both. of them or mostly the the person. in in the relationship relationship like there's a lot. of guys that are like [ __ ] it you know. yeah i don't think that's right. i think that's bad yeah. okay that's pretty bad it's not. as like and it you know. obviously goes either way. like if whoever is doing the actual duplicitous thing. is doing the worst thing yeah. you know but obviously someone shouldn't be bangering. in someone who's in his relationship. yeah you could say bangarang. and that's the thing we should come. up with words that we could say. like suicide so youtube won't you know what i'm saying. right bangarang and slur. side what else hurricane used. but you can call me. slurricane it's good that's good yeah. it is good kind of put him on the map. a little bit oh it's old it. was 40 which was water. yeah w um our producer almost just threw up. by the way just so everybody. knows no oh yeah definitely looked. like uh so um i want i it's getting warmer out. it's great i want to. i'm going to you. know i keep i keep telling calvin. hey this is the summer. we got to learn. how to swim we've tried. a few times and he was like okay. so i like so just be ready. cuz i don't want him. being i thought he was always in the he's always in the pool. he's always in the pool. but he's got swimmies on oh yeah. okay so so we're going to. teach him how to. swim i'm going to. teach him how to. swim cool yeah have you started. no not yet it's not. i mean it's oh summer. you said yeah yeah all right. have you been doing your uh cold. plunge thing i've done it. uh twice uh three times maybe that was like in the first. i do it once days did you get it. a long time ago. it's like i do it. once every two months is that. what you're supposed to. do i'm on a once. every two months uh schedule. but it's really cool but i got to. do it i'm going to. do it i don't want to. do it when it's cold i know people do it. also when it's cold but that's crazy. what's cool about it. you said it's cool. it feels crazy yeah it wakes you the it wakes you the f. up that's probably the good. part about it it wakes you the f. up and you know what i really want. to start doing is waking up. and going and getting sun immediately they say that. that's really good for you. you know and i don't do that. and i i think about it. a lot and and that's the first step. well that's kind of hard. to do if you wake up. at a normal person hour. but you you wake up at noon. it's possible no you can i think like well. what's a normal person. hour i mean if most people are on a 9. to5 8 to 5. 9 to6 something like that. like 7:00 a.m. well there sun out. then well you can't like get some go. i'm going to get a tan. 6:30 in the morning yeah uh anyway i i i started watching yellowstone oh good segue. dude well what do you have. dude you know what's up. with yellowstone i know what's up. with yellowstone oh yeah okay then go ahead. writers just made a show and they decided what would happen. in the show and and that's and they're just like they chose. it and then that's all it is. it's the most show like that. i can't even believe so you're saying writers like all. of the writing is just to. get it to. the the place where they already. decided it would go to. no i'm saying the exact. opposite oh the writers just are writing and decide hey why don't why. didn't that happen and they go. oh okay and they go to. that isn't that what all writing is. though no because there needs. to be some sort of plan. oh you actually think it's completely. unplanned i mean obviously it's a plan. but but it's just like it like stuff. happens to where like the the lady. in it will is a teacher. and you've never seen her at school. and then one day she just drops. her kid off at school. breaks up a fight and gets punched in the head falls down and like gets hit on. the ground when when she her head. smacks the ground and then she forgets who she is. w and then you're like oh i guess. the show's about this. now i see and it were like seven episodes. of her just being a person. and do you like this. i mean that's you made it. sound good it's it's interesting. but but uh i it's the show is not for me. but it's it's like also very very written it's very like you're the you're the craziest person. i ever met or the smartest like that. kind of thing you know. uhhuh uhhuh you know. the guy that wrote that. right he's got like 80,000 shows. now offshoots of that. yeah i know yeah so weird. dude my my buddy lam monica. is in one of them. oh yeah yeah he's in the like super far. right back in time prequel. right god dude people love universes now. yeah i know i know crazy. we going to have the lifeline. universe do lifeline universe oh dude. we should get into. in 15 minutes speaking of the lifeline. universe maybe maybe this is our first spinoff. damn look phoenix my name is trey. um backstory i have tourette's you would never probably guess. if you just had like a normal interaction. with me it's pretty minor. i got it when i was like 10. anyways my question has to. do pretty much with friends. and people out in public. like i love my friends. obviously but you know. a lot of times i'll be. out and i'll notice that they'll make comments. about like either my tourette or be like if say like a scenario. i'm around like some girls are at a bar. at a club or something. and they're like oh yeah this. is trey like he has tourette it's like god no what what made. you have to. say that like why why did you have to. just throw that out there. if i want to. say that or bring that. myself i would have anyways. i'm looking for comebacks or things. i can say to. kind of get back at. them or i don't know. help me please just say sorry. he has tourette and that's his tick. yeah dude throw it back. that's crazy yeah but also beyond. that ask them what the [ __ ] their problem. is dude they're just trying. to make it normalize it. you know noriz he said there's no signs. that you would ever guess. like if he was just saying i know dwight. eisenhower dwight eisenhower boner dwight. boner dwight you know. the best tick but i'm saying. saying if that was the case. slide boner dwight boner. dwight boner dwight how are you what's your name. boner dwight no. all right you know uh like then it would make sense. for them be like hey this is our. friend he has hurricane they used. to call me slurricane. he has tourette's we should do a counter. on how many times uh chris uh but you call. me slurricane hey how's it going. nice to meet you i'm. chris dude by now it. be number around nine or 10. but um but yeah dude. that's dick dude yeah yeah. it is it's that is a condition. that sucks to. have why would they do that. yeah i i i i actually i actually think i might have slight. tourette's um really yeah why do you say that. because i have ocd and ocd. and tourette's are commonly linked. really yeah um that makes sense. actually but uh i've never i'm afraid to. get diagnosed what what makes you. think that i don't want to. get into it. anyway um has it no that's not the thing. that's the oh no [ __ ] man. that wasn't you exhibiting. tette guy uh that would be that would be absolutely. incredible if that was your i would get so i would i would be i would be dead. because i would have died from fullblown. aids because i would get so much. i would get so much. play if that was your kidding. me do it the guy. who gets the most play is the guy. who can own the craziest. [ __ ] and if i was out there going i'd have to. own it ladies would just be in droves. like you know the here's the problem. though you'd also be doing it. during sex and everything i guess. that's a good thing too. that's why you that's pretty. much why it works. and you do it with me. i'm going to disag. but i i i would like it if that. was the case i have families. everywhere wow i'd have families everywhere. i'm glad i would be glad i would die. honestly not saying that people with tourette should but i would be like i can't all i do. is and i don't even. want to die because of that. i want to. die because of how much play i get and i have so many families. maybe honestly the craziest take you've ever had ever and that. is truly saying something wow. to have that as your tourette's. tick and you think that would lead. to you getting the most play as you put it and then having families. quote families everywhere mhm. and you'd die early. cuz you get contract. fullblown aids yeah that's your craziest. take in history for sure yeah absolutely. question i mean that's you know. nobody comes to me. because i'm a mathematician wow. uh what was this guy's name. trey it was trey right yeah uh yeah in in phoenix yeah trey. from phoenix so that's that's the two. things one is make the joke. that my brother said cu. that's a really good joke. thank you very much and i kind of elvis i i know. you were going there anyway. but i kind of i kind of arrived. that at first you know. but it's all good you did. but yeah you said i was going. to you literally the words. you said so so loud doesn't modulate. your own [laughter] voice and also you you have to. be like hey why do you guys. do that like would you do. that if like if you had if i had something that you perceive. to be exactly like don't. do that to people with fullblown aids. which i would have if i had tourette's of the amount. of times you've uttered the the word. aids well you can't say you have to. fullblown age that's i was going. to ask how what percent. of the time have you put fullblown. before it 60 60% of. the time so you said a just aids. 40% of the time. right i'll say just aids. when i'm talking about it. in a serious way but if we're having a comedy. conversation i'll say fullblown. fullblown aids that's a really good answer. and and most of the time. i'm congrats man no no i'm uh con. hurricane you can call me. slurricane okay um anyway uh yeah just do that it's [ __ ] up that they do that by the way but you're at the age. and the bronis you got you know. that's what they're going. to do you know. he's the man tre's the man. dude yeah don't [ __ ] with trey. dude that's not good tre's. a cool name actually i think tre's fu. well i have a thing i don't like names. that are also something else walking. it back so wait a trey. oh my god i wasn't even. thinking like a wow yeah yeah yeah matt. is that way though but it's matthew. so anyway insulting me yeah yeah so it's all good. um all right well that was easy. and but that was a good good. good good good that was a good. good okay that was good. good yeah what's up. chris what's up matt hello. chris i've loved you since drunk. girls know you hate when people. say that but that's just the way. is matt let's be friends. i love you so let's get into. it i think there's a big difference between a trip. and a vacation and thinking that it's going. to be one thing and it ends. up being the other is going. to ruin the whole thing. for you vacation you chill. the destination are is the plans. today we're going to. the beach that's the plans. we're going to the beach. we're going on a trip. that means we're planning things we're going. here this time we're and if you think it's going. to be a vacation and it ends. up being a trip the whole thing's. ruined i also think some people. are trip people and some people are vacation those people aren't compatible vacation person uh let me know what you think don't know if you got to. this fight before but i certainly have so let me. i need to i need to. implement this that's really well. put i like this theory. i just i have a question. i'd like to further. the theory which is is is there one that's shorter. no i don't think so i don't think that that. matters but but that's what i thought when she first said it. that's what i thought in my but what she said. is better yeah i i qui trip. you think quicker i think that's why i thought yeah no but she's saying vacation is a trip. is you have a bunch of plans. and you're do you're going there. to do the thing and the you know. yeah vac or see somebody that. you related to like a trip. to go visit yeah yeah yeah i agree with that i think that she's [ __ ] bang on dude. and i don't want to. go on any trips i just want. to go on vacations well we've talked about this right. to a agree but specifically the kind of person. yeah the kind of person that that. plans the whole trip and is like okay. we're going to do. this in the morning. this in the afternoon. and then they have like guides. and they have like the the list. of restaurants they have to. go to and the best times. to go there and it's just like dude. you're sucking the fun. out of this yeah so i'm obviously a vacation person it's weird. that that is weird to. me but there are people like that and uh you know i don't know oh so many do no i know it's crazy. it is weird i don't everyone's stepdad. is like that you know. yeah every stepdad in history does. that dude yeah and every woman. and so i don't know uh why it. would be uh i guess. people want to get it. all in you know that's a whole. bucketless mentality like that whole. we got to you know. you got to live life. to the fullest and it's like it's also they don't want. to go somewhere and have there be a thing. that is cool to. have done and not have done. it cu they don't know if they'll ever back. i hate that that. goes against my main one of my main things that i that i talked about recently i think i'm congrat congratulations. but uh if you have uh a thing that you bought. tickets to and then the thing. is coming up and you decide you don't want. to go there are people that would go. anyway because they bought the tickets. yeah yeah yeah and i think that that's doubly worse. because you just you just eat. the money and you don't go. because you don't want to. go couldn't agree more i mean i'm not even getting into. selling reselling tickets of course. can do that but yeah couldn't couldn't agree. more and concurrent to. that a way that i have always felt. and people my friends think i'm [ __ ] crazy for this i get in this argument with one friend in particular all the time if you go to. a movie right obviously you pay. for the ticket you go. yeah if i don't like the movie mh. if i'm really not vibing. with the movie i don't care if it's 8 minutes. in or 80 minutes. in you pay your friend. back i'm out i leave i walk i'm done. that's it my friend and most of my other friends. but this one specific friend is like no. i paid why would i leave i'm staying no. matter kind what i'm saying i know it. is that's why i called it. concurrent you know what i'm saying. so it's an i paid. thing it's the i paid. thing oh wow that's crazy. and i'm like dude but you also paid. for the [ __ ] luxury to. get your time back. you don't pay and dig. yourself into. a hole so you can not enjoy something. you're losing your time. dude i agree get your time. back i i agree that's my advice. to everybody get your time. so you leave movies you've done it. before oh dude i left first. man in 6 minutes. well but that's that's so early. i left early i knew what. was coming i wasn't into. it oh no you hear m like that. in theater and the opening sequence. was even kind of cool. so it was like 3 minutes. of i was like no. wow it was kyle chandler. walking around at nasa with blue. walls everything spinning it's grainy it's handheld. i'm gone then after that ryan goling knocks on. someone's door it's all. a shade of like gray. blue and there's like some woman. and he's like looking down. and i'm like i'm gone why being buzz aldren or whatever. i'm bored there isn't i mean. that's what it's about. you know but it doesn't have to. be muted buzz ald it no. that's not why i left. ryan gosling being as buzz aldren knocking on the door. it's all slate. and grainy and blue and he's just like looking down. like you know like oh with his exwife. get the [ __ ] out of here. i mean that's so hardcore. you know g buzz aldren get the [ __ ] out. of here dude one small. step for a man once someone gi. from man want to. get the [ __ ] out this movie theater y um basically uh you have a fuzzy in your hair okay i mean died hold on i didn't get it. you you you know when i'll get it. because i'll be done. that's good um so yeah. i i uh all right that's fine. yeah i mean i think that that's great. i i i i don't like to. go i don't like to. go on trips it's too. much bam bam bam. bam bam bam. i i i don't ever want to. do that i think what she did. was a great service to. humanity i would like it. if everyone in the world. saw her say that i agree. because the world would literally be a an actually better. place that's one of those things. that you put on like twitter. or whatever and you poll. it and it would become viral. like are you a tri person or or or tik tok. yeah you you done really. good so do it we're proud all. right hey let's take a quick. break and give some advice about skin. care uh we are excited to. have te hanley as the. sponsor of today's video. they help men start and maintain a skincare routine. by simplifying the entire process honestly it's the best. skincare system for guys like you and me. um i recommend you start. with level one right. that's what we got here the level. one system which comes with all. the basics a daily face was watch. to get rid of the dirt. and grime on your skin. a two times per week. ex exfoliating scrub to. get rid of the dead. skin cells an am moisturizer with spf20 because you should. always be protecting your skin. from the sun it's nice. you get your day. started with a nice like you know. you get a nice little thing. that you put on your your skin. right there and a pm moisturizer. to help your skin stay. hydrated and healthy throughout the night. we love a routine. don't we we sure do my favorite. part about t shanley. is that every box. comes with an instruction card. okay i never know how much to. use for these kinds of things. you're a big idiot right. okay but now you don't have to. worry about being a big. idiot cu t covers. it for you even if you're a big. idiot tells you when to. use each product how much to. use and in what order. they really make the process of achieving. and maintaining amazing skin easy. it's idiot proof i'd say it. is i feel like i i've seen your you. know the product make your skin. look better does it feel better. it it feels i'm not. just saying this it feels. better than ever i've actually been using it. and staying up with it. sometimes i start this kind of thing. and never do the upkeep. they make it so easy. to do that that i've been doing it. and thank you for saying. i look better but i also feel better. so you know don't just take my words. because when i go back and i look at the the podcast. the old podcast you look. way worse okay well don't just take my word. for it okay because i'm just an anecdotal. guy there are tons and tons of festar. reviews up on the site. that you'll want to. check out this isn't something you want. to put off because prevention with skin. is key go ahead. get ahead of any signs. of aging right now. your future self will thank you tee. is sponsoring this video they're offering you an amazing. deal so just click on the first link. in the description to. get 30% off your first skincare system. and a free gift. plus as a member you'll also get 20% off. for life by the way. both gifts you're choosing from are. a $20 value and complete game changers. a silicone body scrubber or nail. and face grooming kit. personally i prefer the uh scrubber because it feels. amazing not just on your face. but everywhere all across your body. it feels incredible but the grooming. kit is incredible as well. you can't go wrong $20. value bing bang booya. okay so don't wait what are you. doing go click uh don't wait any longer. click the first link in the description. to start your skincare journey. today hey matt and chris. uh matt done the matt deia. sessions a couple times tremendous and uh chris. yeah big balls chris seen. you in dc a couple. times uh we're going to. see you in west virginia. in a couple weeks as you know. my nickname front row. stoked about it uh i want to. talk to you guys about resting. [ __ ] face that's a great. shirt i have uh i got resting. [ __ ] face pretty bad my family. will often ask me. is everything okay how are you doing. what's going on what's wrong. how do you alert. the world i'm cool i know dude. this is as good as it. gets i'm doing great. i literally just have resting. [ __ ] face uh appreciate you guys thanks. anybody that's ever known. me will vouch for what i'm about. to say which is that this. has been a problem for me. my whole life i've had to. explain so much of my life. has been explaining to other people that i care. about that i'm no i'm really actually not angry. or in a bad mood. i just look like this. is just my face yeah. you know yeah you do but you said you have that. prob too right. less than me it got to. be less than me probably. yeah and but here's the worst. part dude oh the worst. part it makes me mad. i then and then i'm mad and then the person. is like no but you sound mad and i'm like well okay. now i am well now i am. you did selffulfilling prophecy so. exactly you you made me. mad very cool you you you fulfilled. my prophecy great yeah. great job you literally out of thin. air for no reason chose to. infuriate me thank you thank you. so thank you for fulfilling my prophecy. thank you very much jesus. dick [ __ ] jesus oh man going to. hell um now you going. hell cu you said. that so now how do you feel about. that i feel fine. until hell yeah i feel fine. until hell is a good title. too uh is so a movie that. aaron art would have thought would have [ __ ] pl him into. the next stratosphere started in in 20. in 2007 for sure like right. after aon br which we like we got it. it's until hell and it's going. to plummet you into. [ __ ] absolute stardom you can't say. plummet when you want to. go up well but it's a reverse. plummet right blast you in so reverse. plummet we are going to. reverse reverse plummet dude. just choose a different word really. sticking sticking with plummet you. know got i have shares in the word. plummet um so so yeah and that stock is going. to reverse plummet so. um but anyway reverse plummet dud. i i couldn't think of the other word. i knew i knew plummet was going. down well there's an array of so many. words you can sket sky. roet skyrocket into. but that's not cool as reverse. plum reverse plummet is absolutely. awful it's nothing it's not. something you know you know. what it is if i say you know. what it is dude. honestly maybe i wouldn't have known. right if we didn't have the lead. like if you just out of the blue. said this is going to. reverse plummet me into. whatever i' be like what do you mean. you know but uh because of the context. i do know but but but until hell is. so a movie that aaron ard. made in 2007 and and his agents. were like we got it. this will skyrocket you into. the next stratosphere you know people are going. to be using your name. synonymous with tom cruz. yeah right it came out. it made $1 million opening. weekend and it was and limitless. with bradley cooper made 20. million and no one expected it. and it was just he he was so mad. he locked yeah he locked himself. in a room that entire monday. when the box office. came in and no one not even his wife. kids nobody was able. to reach him and then he came out. and the first thing he did. was he took a big deep breath through. his nose he grabbed a pen and wrote a letter. to his agents. firing them and literally brought it to. cia brought it to. his agency you guys convinced me. of this and you should have you know. until hell i knew it. had a weak you know. the script wasn't ready and i knew it. you convinced me it was you. told me not to. go to the producers and say the thing. yeah yeah so the i'm firing you. yeahh yeah and you are here here from here. to forth you are fired. yeah like using words that like are. kind of archaic but he thinks he knows. the meaning and to. the meaning is clear but they don't really. fit we thought i was going. to reverse plummet into. start you're you're exact. words reverse plummet into. startup and you were wrong. oh man aaron eart you know. what [ __ ] man you hear a lot of stories obviously about this. guy being a dick. this woman being terrible. to work with the most stories i've heard about anyone. being a dick is aaron. ort and there's a way to. know he's blonde and has a cleft. chin if you're blonde. and you have a cleft. chin the rage inside. you is just unleashed on so many. people so what i want to. ask is and i'm i'm not before. you just said the thing. about how you've heard he's a dick. mhm if aaron eart heard. mhm everything we just said. like the the joke about until hell. and the writing the agents. what do you think his reaction. would be i think i know. okay go ahead wow these guys. but in what way that's what he would do. wow these guys yeah oh okay. i think he would be like this. his arms would be crossed. well no he he would want to. he would be looking at you. for like whoever was with him. like this is okay. al like right but i don't really know you know like these guys huh. it's funny right like he'd want confirmation. that these guys are just joking. having a good time because he would he could in any moment. just be like yeah [ __ ] these guys right right. right right right i i think his arms would be crossed. folded like this and be standing and his legs. would be about shoulder width. and he just be like this. oh yeah that's good. too like that yeah you know. what you know what i'm going. to say say we have we have a we have a [ __ ] fantastic. podcast and this is the kind of stuff. that's my favorite stuff know. and i know we have a legion of people. that like that specific kind of stuff. yeah it's true. i don't know how many people like that. kind of stuff there are people. every once in a while i'll go. into the comments there are people. that will without fail. every time some there's a there's a bit like that. or a stretch like that i hate the word. bit but it is a bit. i guess but it is uh there will be like at least. three to five people that. are like that's the funniest thing. i've ever seen in my life. well yeah and i'm like wow. that's interesting yeah uh you haven't seen enough. stuff but i guess people maybe they have and it's just that's the funniest. thing in the world to. them it's it is definitely high level advanced humor. okay okay well according to. us because it's ours. no because we've i we've lived humor. for a long time andor we have though. i i mean that's my life. so i it's like the stuff. keeps you know it's like same. thing with kinks if you start a little kinky. you'll get crazy kinky. as it goes on if you have some some out there. should go through all of the episodes. of lifeline and add up. the amount of time. chris has talked about kinks in one way or another and mathematically deduce. the percentage of time. on this show my brother's just talked. about kinks in any context. or just don't do that. and uh add up all of our. bits okay okay i mean hypnotize. me you know into. doing the other thing out of follow. of our bits anyway. next one up hey guys i'm going. to kind of jump. right in here i've been seeing somebody. for about 10 months and we have been talking. about maybe moving in with each other. um however my only issue with this plan is that he has a 15yearold daughter that. i have a hard time. tolerating oh [ __ ] i have a son who's 17 um and they act like they're about 10. years apart even though. they're only 2 years. apart she is super immature damn. i don't think she's ever. been disciplined at home and i just have a lot. of panic and panic. attacks anxiety and things. like that when she is due to. come over and hang out um so what do. i do do i wait. the next few years out. until she graduates and go from there. let me know what you guys. think thanks you can wait. a little bit you know. and then also i don't know how long you've been together. but also 15yearold girl is way. different than 17yearold boy. like in what way dude. 15 is like you were 13. two years ago okay but hear me. out 15yearold girl 17yearold boy. are closer kind of i think mentally or or not mentally. like in terms of their maturity level. i understand that except for the 15yearold. girl is very like i don't you think that. if you had a okay they say the teen. years are the hardest when you're the parent. okay okay they say that. they're just like you you it's like what. the [ __ ] did i do have these kids sure um that makes sense god men are at least simpler. you know you know you i don't know. maybe it's cuz i'm a guy but like it. would probably be easier to. come okay i'll say this. for sure it would probably be easier. to start a relationship with a woman. who had a 17yearold boy. than it would be a 15yearold girl for me. but i've also heard to. her point actually even further uh teenage girls when their father. engages in a new relationship are particularly. difficult to get along. with for the man's. new partner so but that doesn't help. her it's just is what it. is you know uh but dude. i guess maybe wait a little bit because you don't what. you don't want is in the early. part 10 months is not that. early but it's still pretty early. she been seeing him for 10. months yeah she's been seeing him for 10. months so i think that what you don't. want while it's still a little like it's not i don't. want to say fragile. but still new you know. it's still being still becoming what it. is your relationship you don't want. to put any potential like wrecking. balls near it and dude that sounds honestly like an absolute [ __ ] adom bomb. yeah of a potential you don't want to. reverse plumm it into. no i just feel like you can i feel. like um you can wait. she's 15 she you know. you can wait to. like till she moves. out 3 years is a long time three years is a long time but if you start the process in 6 months. looking for a place. and you move in or whatever. you're going to move. into the same place. and you know you're already a year. you got it you know. a year under your belt of not that. and also you can just say to. him you know i don't i don't want to. i don't want anything to. be harder than it. needs to be you know. i love you i want to. i want to. be with you moving in i'm afraid that. you know your daughter lives with you. i'm afraid that it might just you know. we're biting more than we can chew. i'm not her mom or or yeah. that or you could even. say like i'm afraid that you know. because of whatever her feelings are about me. which are what they are i don't. i don't like want her to. change her mind if she doesn't feel. like it but like i don't want that. to negatively affect our. relationship yeah of course right. you can absolutely say all. the stuff i'm saying and chris is saying you can say. that to him yeah. because it it's fair. and it makes sense. all of it is in in is sort of meant. to protect the the relationship and anything. that you say toward that is going. to just he's going. to be sympathetic to. that yeah also you do. want to have a good relationship. with her too like you want. so like you know maybe you're doing. both of everyone a service. right you know right. right right so yeah. maybe cautious be cautious about. it which would mean i think in this. case wait at least a little bit have. that conversation with him i think and and and unless he's like no. let's do it we're going. to make it work. i promise i'll you know. whatever then if he talks you out. of it then sure obviously don't be like no at all. costs yeah yeah yeah okay. here what he has to. say about it we figured that. one out good okay good next. one hey chris and matt. first of all just want to. say love you guys both. also i have seen a kind of influx. on people talking about other people commenting on their bodies. or otherwise i feel like in the advices. lately so i just want to. offer something that i live by. and as a teacher. i try to. have my students live by. as well and it's the 5second rule. so if it's something that the person cannot change. in 5 seconds it's not. something that you should comment on so if it's you know. you have food in your teeth. or you got bats. in the cave or your. flies down that's something that you can. tell someone they can change it. in 5 seconds but if it's your nose. is too big or you're overweight. or you're underweight um that is something that you should not comment. on because it's not something. that they can change in 5. seconds so just some advices. there for the general public. obviously doesn't help the people. dealing with those comments but and my question. is for both of you. guys i just turned 27. and good age my boyfriend. and i are still unsure of if we want to. have kids in the future. so obviously as a woman especially there. is a little bit more. of a biological clock on. that but i was wondering chris. did you always want to. be a father i've seen how much. it has changed you and benefited you so when did that happen. and matt are are you childless. by choice do you want to. have kids in the future. what are your thoughts on that. i would i would love to. know thanks guys i basically want. i have i have gone back. and forth with it in my life. i grew up thinking like i'll have kids. just cuz like that's what was kind of like talked. about but but then i you know you get with certain women. and it would feel like the thing. that you were going to. do and then it would go and then i would get with another. woman you know we'd break up and i'. i'd start dating another woman. and i' think oh maybe we would we wouldn't have. kids i think that i there. was a time that i thought i wasn't going. to have kids um and then when i got with kristen. it was just such a it. was such a an obvious. thing that was the progression. of what we were supposed. to do i don't know it. just felt too natural um and so. we did and i'm so so i'm not happier. about anything i mean it's the best. thing ever so i feel like um for me. i was uh 39 when calvin. was b or 40 i don't know i guess. yeah 39 i about just turnning 4. um and uh you know i just think that you should um it's not. something to just kind of do. willynilly you're doing you're you're you. know you're you're thinking about it. in the right way but also you are 27. like you do have quite some time. left so um depending on how long you've been with your man. and uh what you've wanted your whole life. and also you don't um you here's the good. thing if if you have a good. relationship and you have kids. it's going to. be the best thing in your life. so there you go. it's just amazing um and that's that. before i get into. my feelings about on any of that. i want to. not i want to. make sure we don't forget. the amazing uh first part of what she said. what which is that if you don't know. whether or not you can comment on something. about somebody apply the 5second. rule to it that is we're getting. some really good yeah. the the trip vacation and then that the trip. vacation and the 5sec rule. both reverse plummeting top tier. and then the aon heck art thing. was four major major major things okay. well that was teetering on on the line. kind of but uh yeah about the having would also lead. to fullon ns right. but anyway i for me cuz if i actually i just kind of echo what you said. i depending upon who i've been with yeah. right it's it's i've want them. or i don't want them. i never want them you know. so it it's completely. contingent on who the partner. is which i think it. should be i get a little weirded out. when i pe people i've known are. like i want kids and that whoever i date. needs to want them. too it's like well what if you meet that. person be open to. whatever you know what i mean. like you you're really limiting. your your potential future doing. that either which way. even if you're like oh i'm never going to. have kids everyone i meet or date. they better not want. kids to. it's like don't limit yourself. like everything changes with every new person. you date yeah that being said you're in a relationship. now but i would lean toward what chris. said which is that you're 27. that obviously you feel like you're young. when you're 27 you think. you're getting older but trust us. you're [ __ ] young dude i mean not younger than me i'm the youngest person. anyone's ever literally ever met. but you are 27 that. is very young you have over. 10 years to. decide this honestly uh and but that's not to. say put it off but take your time. don't make any ration decisions. if you don't want kids with this. person or period let yourself. come to that conclusion don't rush. anything the worst thing you can. do is rush fools. rush in when you don't have to. fools rush in why men boner. dwight all right so uh why did you say that. then i don't know but the fact that it. came right after you said wise. men say that's why i laugh. okay okay i didn't laugh at boner. dwight itself i laughed at the fact. that it came out after. you said wise men. say i mean love saying the combo. but yeah [ __ ] and we [ __ ] it up with the combo. we [ __ ] him up real nice with the combo. nice yeah so um all right. yeah i i uh i don't it's so funny. that people who don't have kids. don't they don't know they don't know what they're missing. and you can't tell them. but also dude who you that's your own. experience that that's your experience. of having children. is not universal it doesn't mean. everyone who has kids will. make will have the same. experience that you i know. but they don't know what they're missing. but right but they could be missing something. that is a good thing. to miss there are people. out there who have kids that [ __ ] hate hate the fact that they've had them yeah you know you can't imagine that which is obviously a good thing but it's definitely the case you know yeah god all right. next one okay what is going. on guys so i do have a question. for you now i live in a duplex and right. next door my neighbor's front yard. is just a clutter fuss. like he has cleaning battles up. front he has old dusty pair. of convers up front he has rags and all this. [ __ ] in front of his door and it drives me nuts. bro because it's the facade. of our building like the red thing. how how how do you go. about that situation cuz me personally. like i wanted to. say like hey you having a garage. sale or some corny [ __ ] like that that's good that's not bad i don't so i have no idea throw it all away throw it all away. no and then when he goes what are you doing. my stuff are you say. oh i'm sorry this is so obviously. trash no this is so obviously. belongs in a [ __ ] dumpster and be hauled. away make a bunch of signs. with how much things cost and go. outside on his patio. and start selling it he say what. are you doing say i'm just helping with the garage. sale what do you mean. i'm helping you yeah yeah take a load off. go back inside i i don't. i i there's one way to. deal with this you say to. the guy hey this is part. you know this is like an eyesore it's my my building. too i really appreciate if you don't. have this stuff here and then if he says no which will do a version. of but much meaner than that. but go ahead you think so oh dude. anybody that is like that. will be like [ __ ] you my property i do what i want. yeah but you are sharing. a building with him though i i agree with yeah of course but i mean that's terrible. dude i'm trying to. think any kind of shared space. situation if you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] and make that shared space horrible. to look at or or like you. cook something all the time that smells like [ __ ] it's just like dude with the [ __ ] program live in the world m like there are these like unwritten rules almost everyone abides by except some [ __ ] [ __ ] like this guy right and it sucks dude burn it all burn it all burn it all i i just the people that are doing that probably don't think they're doing it that bad they probably don't think like i could imagine i would leave shoes and a beach towel out you know and somebody would come up to. me and say you know my neighbor. would be like hey i don't like when you leave a beach. towel out and i would be like what a [ __ ] [ __ ] it's just a beach towel and there's probably that's probably everyone in that situation i i doubt anyone many people there aren't many people that would be like oh yeah it really is a mess you're right yeah i think your level of the way you operate seems normal so he's probably [ __ ] no matter what he which is why you got to. approach it in a way that's like you don't say. this but basically you're trying. to nudge the person. into seeing it with through. someone else's eyes like i guess. and that's not going to. be easy if it's possible. at all but like the only way that's that is going. to ever convince someone. like that is to. try to get them. to see it from. another point of view good luck. it's so tough though. not going to happen. good luck i say just burn it all you can move too burn. it all you could just move put his place. up for sale like put it on ref. whatever the other guys yeah. yeah yeah for rent put it up. on for rent on craigslist. people come by knocking i'm here. to see the place. for rent okay all right. yo chris and matt what up. god from away now what i'm calling about what i'm calling about is. i know you guys love. weirdos i too enjoy a weirdo. from time to. time but every now and again. i find myself in a situation with one. of them weirdos where i don't. really know what the right. move is example the other day. i was with this guy and he's the type of guy. that's got the gift. of gabis chris might say he's going. going going for you know an hour. and all you really get to. say is uhhuh uhhuh oh oh yeah. crazy right that kind of stuff. well all of a sudden this cop. pulls up to us. and must have been just a slow. day at the office. most of them lonely i don't. know but he too had to. gi the gap and so they start going going. going and i'm just standing there. chilling i don't know what to. do about it but all of a sudden i look at my guy. and he's getting out gabbed. by this new guy okay and i'm starting. to see the spirit break in him. but i'm thinking to. myself these guys can keep going all. day i got to. get out of here what do i do. what's the move when you. find yourself in that kind of situation. let me know um i don't think maybe. maybe you don't like it. as much as you think you do. cuz i yeah right. yeah yeah there i i thought he was going. to go with like dangerous situation. like i was i met. a guy at the gym. once and we were just became gym. buddies and then um he was he's like we we went to. maybe get a coffee and then and then like one time. he was like i got to. stop by my place to. get something and then i went to. his place and i was like this. is am i gonna yeah. am i g to. get [ __ ] like i don't know what you know like and but i was like no i think he seems normal. but also he's a weirdo. and i like weirdos and i know myself. so i'm like am i inviting. myself into the to. my death and then he ended up becoming one. of my really good friends. and i still talk to. him i mean this is like i've known. him for [ __ ] 20. years okay so uh the chances. are nobody's going to. [ __ ] you or kill. you right right yeah but i'm like those situations. it's like wait wait what am. i getting myself into. this feels weird now um i can't imagine being a [ __ ] woman you know but like you got to. be so much more careful. it's well yeah you wouldn't do that. right exactly shouldn't do. that yeah oh jesus. but um that thing is i would love that so i know. i i basically we're calling you a liar. you think you're lying about what you said. at i don't i don't know the one. thing he said is i i enjoy weirdos. from time to. time i don't enjoy weirdos. from time to. time i'm only around. weirdos a lot and i'm fine. with it it's not from time. to time thing no yeah no but yeah but not you're not only weirdo. i have also regular friends. but uh i still thought i was calling you out. you know what you still thought. i was calling you out you know. you're not only r weirdos. i mean come on so i mean there's other people like in your family. me so uh yeah so i don't i don't know. i i think that i cu. what i would do in that. situation is [ __ ] walk away i don't well here's here's my advice. there's in a situation that. you don't want to. be in where you're with two. other people and the two people are. engaged with one another and not. paying attention to. you leave so there's no questioning. there's no need for advice. there's no need to. even stop and wonder because instinct will tell you everything. you need to. know yeah [ __ ] leave i'm too i am. too sexy to be standing there. like and if i don't want to. be i do what i want. i walk away and that's how sexy i am. none of that went together you. know that was like a mad. lib that didn't quite work. no no no he does what. he wants oh [ __ ] that's so you want sexy that's so desirable and then i go yes and they go oh my god and i get fullblown aids wow the worst ending ever. the worst ending to. a mad lib ever and he gets fullblown. aids um mommy no um so anyway dude. uh i think that you just walk. away that's honestly man that's the advice. for so much [ __ ] so many things just walk away you know what i mean. you know you don't want to. be there you walk away. somebody pisses you off you. walk away you get a car. accident you walk away. you rob a bank you walk away. wow cops try to. get you keep walking walk away. yeah yeah that's right. you get football ags walk. away you reverse plummet walk away. reverse plummet out you get football. a reverse plummet out of that. situation right um dude [ __ ] yeah man yeah dude okay that's what i'm talking about what else woo. next one so insecure. how did it woo. lifting weights what's up guys uh nick from detroit. michigan here just want to. say first off thanks for everything. that you guys do on coke. all the content you guys put on a weekly basis. just making life infinitely better. just so isn't that amazing. so much coke uh on to. the advices uh i'm in a predicament. at work uh in an office. building with just an excessively. long hallway and of course naturally. there's times where i come around. one corner someone comes around. the the other corner and we're at the opposite. ends oh no and to. paint picture is just wall. on one side people work on. the other hallway okay. um so what i need to. figure out is what is the acceptable. distance to acknowledge that the other person is essentially there. oh wow is it more. bit from like a super far. distance to be like and then you either. have to like still engage. with them from way too far. or just like act like you that's the worst. don't see them and then good alternative. or the entire time. do you just be like you're just looking. around pretending that they're not. there and then just i don't know go. oh hey um yeah i don't know. what to do every time. uh or should i just quit. my job and find a place. with shorer hallways yeah uh. that's uh any advices are appreciated. and of course life rs yeah dude. i i i don't i don't know what to. do in that situation hallway. shouldn't be so long and i'm pissed. off that hallways are that. long i think stop looking at people. as you're walking way way way far. away yeah my thing is i'm trying. to imagine how long could the hallway. possibly be you know right. like it can't be like just so far. you know right yeah hey hey and then it's just hey hey hey you can't there's also people working on one. side of it so you can't. that's why i think don't when you go. into the hallway. be prepared and just think to. yourself i'm not even going to. look the problem is though. if you do look you don't know. if the other person sees you. until you're at a certain distance because you can't really see where their eyes. are if they're far enough. away all you got to. do is have a thing you do when you see. people in the hallway. and it should be something. demonstrative but not loud just be like this. yeah but and if they don't see you. they don't see you who cares. i know but you but that's sol. dude you don't know when to. he's saying when do i do it. if and when you think they see you if not you obviously. don't do it so you so you have to. be watching them which is the annoying. part really you don't have no. dude no no no go. walk you go you don't do anything unless you think they see you i will. say and then if you do you go. like this and that's it. okay it's over you're right. easy you are right. but i will say this nobody's thinking about this. in as much as in depth as you are. so you don't really have to. think about this not you him. oh right yeah like he doesn't have nobody's thinking about oh yeah. i guess hallway. is long if you think about it. like he didn't even know you know. so i feel like it. doesn't matter and you're just overthinking. yes that's correct yes yeah. good job uh i would say. you know yeah he he has that. vibe though that he would care. about that and i get it. i get it cuz i would think that same. i would probably think that same. thing you you would think that when the [ __ ] it's like it. be a whole curby enthusi when the [ __ ] do i say hi. you know walk you know and then um but i think that you just yeah. i think you're right i think it's one. of those things you just got you. got to charge it. to the game this is how it's going. to be and you just got to. say hi when you say hi. if they don't see it okay. that's it or i mean. you could start from way. back and just bore a [ __ ] hole. into them yeah and and then just when they look at you. yeah yeah you could could do that. but then you' be missing work. time at your desk it's just like here's what you'. want to avoid spending more. time in the hallway than. you initially had or ever would. ever have to. because you're like waiting for them. waiting to see if they see. you i know what to. do okay go ahead walk backwards. i'm i'm waiting to. understand why that's good you'll never say. hi to anybody cu. they're you won't see them. and they know you won't oh oh right. okay yeah it's moonwalk. right but what if you walk so far backwards. that someone walks out of the office. you just walked out of and you're walking. backwards and someone's there and what do you do. now that you're walk [ __ ] see now you're like real but they're right. there so you can just be like right. yeah you could also do the what's your touret thing. that you do yes you could do. that yes all trou moon. walking they come out. fullblown age and then sp. around into the office. yeah that could work too. yeah anything like that great idea. all right well listen uh that's it. that's our show thank you for watching. uh join our patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury we will be doing lifeline. live at the irvine. improv may 14th and then also so my dates are up chia. dot com so go check them. out and stuff uh thank you very much stuff thanks. everybody love you hello. hello hello helloo hello hello 