 chis this guy is on 1. second of coke it is. one second immediately he's so yaked out and the cops. are following him and it's unreal. d florid he hasn't slept. in 70 days he's definitely in florida. runk hello hello hello [music] hello it's making me so uncomfortable. like the really sensual thing. you're doing at the end. what like when you go uh like it it. sounds very like personal right. yeah i don't like that's why. i like my singing i know but i don't like that. cuz i get yeah that that. i get you're doing that. for the audience no i'm doing. it for honestly i'm doing. it for me oh okay. well i'm the only one here next to. you so it seems like you're doing. it for me and that's why. it makes me uncomfortable well i'm just get it. i'm getting it going yeah. that's not the right song to. sing when you're getting it. going though what is that song. stevie what that's stevie stevie wonder. yeah oh yeah it is what's the what's the name. of that song uh yeah it. is i don't know what it. is and i don't care. i i don't know why. it's shore my shore. there you go dude. i don't like i don't know why. uh that song is. stuck in my head literally haven't heard. it in years you think i heard it. in the background somewhere way. way way long ago think about this. all the time why do we get the songs. stuck in the ones we get in our. head why do we get well. cu we hear them. maybe not though what right. well so my question to. you is did i hear that. somewhere even quickly passing. by and i just didn't realize it. cuz that could very well be true. that could be and that. would be in my head but i also like the brain. is really mysterious and weird. and things pop into. it like by association. cuz the other day. you know what was in my head. for no reason she moves. in mysterious ways yeah yeah yeah it's all right. it's all right it's all right. so worried you know. that's [laughter] no uh bono's never worried. about anything in his life. but yeah the lyrics would imply he's definitely suggest. he's worried he's definitely been worried. about where sunglasses were sometimes. or he oh right right. right my eyes um he definitely has someone who manages just his sunglasses. when he goes on tour. that would be so awesome. i i god that would be so awesome. if you had crazy crazy. money what would you h. have uh like what would you spend. it on yeah or or just yeah. yeah i guess so yeah actually like a chef. no i maybe a chef. probably a chef but something i've specifically always thought. i wanted was i i hate to. sound like a boomer but i hate these and i want someone to. follow me around who has it. for me and every time there's an alert. that i've given him a specific criteria that. are deemed worthy of alerting. me for yeah he gives it to. me it would he would be giving you all. day long cuz we text. so much or she but yeah you guys. wouldn't be on priority dude. you would just but like the lifeline. thread might not be you know. got it yeah yeah that's true. wow really you' thought about this. i've thought about that yeah. i would have like stupid money. though mhm not like uh well i mean that's honestly. not if i had like $8 million i'm talking. about like a billionaire. you know if you were larry. uh what's his name. from black stone or whatever it's called. black not larry ellison black. wall what the hell black. ro black rock is that larry ellison. no larry fleck or something. what the hell is. his name no anyway. it doesn't matter um but yeah so okay. well i would have for sure um chef. yeah driver easy oh really you love. driving though i do but i would still have. my driver like riding in the passenger. seat hey yeah we're going to. go this place now i do love driving. i do actually love driving but i would still have. a driver in case. i just didn't want to. you know i'm say interesting. yeah would they would the driver. like live at your in the in the car. in the house like that you in the car. outside some drivers like make them sleep. outside families live on. the premises of the wealthy. person they that's so weird. yeah like you ever seen. that movie sabrina i mean. it's on haven't seen top. favorite films that's a remake. but yeah oh right. right right but did they do it. in the remake too i don't know. i don't think i ever saw the remake. okay well the original one. well the original here's the thing. about serena and other movies like don't make that. movie right well i guess it made money it. sucks bimos song the the the movie. the movie there's definely a song called it's a huge classic. but let me tell you guys. something so you don't have to. waste your time if you want to. go back and watch all movies. no way that's cool. there are many great. old movies sabrina one of the more famous ones isn't good it sucks. bimos i don't like why would you. remake a movie that sucks bimos. no one knows well you'd make remake. a movie that sucks bimos. to make it good right. but here's the i think that that's a good. idea they 11 ah you're right. but here's the thing uhhuh. william holden and humphrey bogart are always going to. be better than harrison ford. who's good and greg caner. okay fair enough big mistake. to ever put greg caner. sorry greer i love you. but you're not like you're not william. holden you're not a leading man. you're not even cool you're like a funny. guy that's around in the mix i think that greg. kir is a really good actor dude. i think he's a really good. actor i mean what what what was. he good talk soup. i mean he's fine. no he i think he's really good. he's good in um as good. as gets he's really good in that. he's good in stuck on. you you really thought he was part. of matt damon stuck on you. funny yeah you're right. i don't know he had a minute. though that he was like the lead. in movies and there was he had the weird. not a good reason. for he had the weirdest career. he went from talk soup. to movie star he was the first. guy to kind of ruin everything. you know oh wow the first guy. to ruin everything greg caner. yep that's a hell of a it. went lot then then i'm kidding. i'm kidding i'm joking i. just thought of a silly name. but yeah greg caner. is great actor i think he's got oscar. in him i guess i chose. the wrong guy yeah dud. so watch your mouth i mean. the wrong company to. start uhing on greg. but sabrina is i am a big i do not watch movies that are a person's name i think that's that's a huge it's gonna be a lazy. movie it's a huge copout i there's there. are movies that are just someone's name. that i like but always hate that. too i don't oh oh sabrina. yeah who the [ __ ] is sabrina. right yep well we'll find out. when watch a movie i guess but also i that doesn't make you want. to watch a movie cuz i don't know who that is already explain something about sabrina. sabrina and her just the thing that is about her and then you when you see the movie. you'll say oh that's someone. named sabrina and she has these qualities yeah why we don't know anything from the title. the worst is when it's a full. name though last name honestly. the worst is when it's just a first name. dud i disagree i think it's worst. when it's a first and last name. like what michael clayton terrible title. i mean it's a great. movie actually but terrible title. it i know what about um what else. is there i feel like they arrive. at that when they've exhausted. they don't have yeah exactly. it's so stupid though. there's always a better title. always always and the title. if it's a name is so it's just so bonk and lazy it's also so boring you made it. someone made up that name it. means nothing to. anyone yeah dude you could change the name. period dude it could be and change the whole thing. in the movie michael clayton could be pierre. wilson okay and they could name the movie pierre wilson. and it would be the exact. same amount of good the title. would make the amount same. exact amount of sense. but it would just be his name. in the movie as pierre wilson. dude i met somebody the other day. i can't remember ifer is. a sick name though. i can't remember if i met. them or if i knew them. already but they actually said that. michael clayton is the best movie. they've ever seen in their life. you know what i've i've spoken to. people that that think that i did. not know it was that. good well i most people don't think it's the best. but but the fact that somebody thinks michael clayton is. the best movie of all time. i was what i was like what i can't. i wish i remembered who it. was there absolutely people who think that yeah yeah. wow yeah crazy right. i only saw half of it. oh why would you do that. i mean that's actually a genuinely good movie did you see. the part where they uh spoiler. alert killed tom wilkinson. no but he's such a honestly. you talk about good acting. he's never been better. than he is in that movie. really and the the scene in which they really. they he's like there's like a hit put out. on him but because he's he won't shut. up he's babbling about the lawsuit. that thisty for yeah man. like a monsanto type company that. did bad stuff and he's like telling the truth. and they can't have that yeah. and no they can't so all in one. shot they break into. his apartment and kill him. and take him out and it's like so crazy. like uh efficient it's just really upsetting. you oh really yeah you know. when someone the thing about when someone dies all. dramatic in a movie you that. you can watch it and entertained. when someone just is like yeah. it's so much more upsetting. you know that's how it happens. i know dude i i saw a thing. once where somebody got shot in the head. like you know was a thing. i didn't even mean to. see but it was dude. they just they don't there's none of like this. [ __ ] no no no no they just go they completely go it's crazy. they collapse oh gosh dude. enjoy your sunday yeah. that's no but it's just so bad. how about people who like watching face. of death i know. i don't like that at all. if i'm going to. get shot though and i see it. coming i'm going to. jump back to make it more cinematic while i get shot i'm going. to jump up above the bullet. so the bullet doesn't even hit. me well you could jum and you did that and you still got shot. and your last word was we well i wouldn't say. we if i was getting shut. up yeah yeah yeah yeah you might say we got to. go if it was you and other people there yeah maybe uhhuh so don't count. you don't count it you. know you never know right. oh man what you want to. go you want to. get into a thing i do i'm thinking about sad. things now i need to. get into all right. well let's do the thing. let's talk about it here. hey how's it going chris. and matt uh so i was the guy. who called in the other week. about the sun dials. at goodwill buying stuff from goodwill. oh yeah i the only reason. i said that chris is cuz that's your joke. you used to. say that uh you would always buy sund. dials for people's birthdays as like a like if somebody said oh were you getting like someone for their birthday. you would say i'm getting them. sundal that's the only reason. i said that yeah just wanted to. clear that air on that. one i'm calling in because i have this. issue regarding license. plates and people get customized license plates. on like teslas or soccer. moms do it a lot. you know like if they have a family. they'll put on the b like pty. of five like party of five or if they're tesla. they'll put like sunp powerered this. really annoys me and i don't know. why and i would like to. hear you's input customized license plates. should we be doing this what what do. y'all think uh yeah i i think that they're un. like there's exceptions right. like don't get customized license plate. if you're a soccer mom like that's just what are. you do that says soccer mom. you mean like like if that's what you do. and you cart kids to. school and back and forth like no. don't do that if you're a businessman. and you have a convertible mhm you can. get it dude it couldn't couldn't disagree. more dude you you know. what you actually don't even know. that you don't believe what you're saying. i haven't said anything yet. bro you said you disagree. with me and you agree with me. but i haven't said my thing yet. okay which is that it's not. okay if you think your license. plate makes you look cool. it's not okay if you think your license. plate is funny it is okay. if it says something really dumb. on your license plate. no dude you i was right. what i said but i'm right. how you agree with me. and you just don't even. realize it what does the businessman. and the corvette have on his on his license. plate like if a guy drove by in a uh like a z3 roadster okay with the you know what that is yeah i know what a z3 is okay. cuz i know about cars. okay so and and and it was and it said something. like bis man you would love it. yeah but bisman isn't what i thought you were going. to say dude obviously bisman if the guy knows. it's stupid the problem is you don't. know if that guy thinks it's cool. or not if he thinks it's cool. it's funny but it's not he's asking. something else though get i get it. i get it okay. if like i mean no that's not that's not a good. example bisman for someone else but i mean bisman i would laugh. at for sure the guy say [ __ ] we be like we got to. take a dude please can i get that. only other seat in his car. but thinking about the actual person. he would suck so. terrible to be wrong oh yeah. that's true there are a lot. of cool people not even. cool that's the wrong word there. are a lot of people that will will walk. by or drive by and you be like oh my god look at that. guy and you like kind of are excited. about them that you realize will'll be terrible. terrible hanger outers yes for sure. yeah i don't how many friends. do you have um i mean that's tough like people. i what's a friend like that's a good. question i would say my instinct. is to say a very close. group smaller amount but and that's not true. i mean so i know so many people that i'm in touch with a lot. that i consider my friends. so so many just endless amounts nobody's ever. had more friends than someone like me you know. yeah um no i'd say good. good friends like 15. 10 15 yeah cool i. would probably say around. the same but i don't count. i'm your brother no you don't. count yeah okay cool but i'm a good. friend i would be but still 10:15 cuz there's a five person. thing there so it could swing. from 10 to 15. you whether you're in there. or not wouldn't really make much. of a you're saying [ __ ] man you're good at math. like that so yeah. i don't i i think for a general. rule no i would never get. one would you no i guess. no i would not all right. okay next one hey chris hey matt. um love both of y'all. blah blah blah blah blah. feel about how much you guys have changed my life. anyways um two things i need advices. on and they're both work. rated one my coworker. eats panda express every single [ __ ] day he comes. in with his panda express his orange. chicken reach up the office. of orange chicken how do i get stopped smells so i work. in a threestory building people from the first floor. come up to. take a [ __ ] in the third. floor's bathroom what do i do. about that please i'm tired. of smelling stank ass [ __ ] it's awkward. because they don't even. women are weird when they poop why do women not make any noise. like i know what you're doing. in their sandra [ __ ] silently sitting there for five ass. minutes so weird anyways. what do i do thanks. love you bye and i also suuck on mel's. crank oh dude that is uh a great. length of video submission it. is and it's also two and she fit two. in there and it was really good. what was the first one. uh panda dude honestly bring a loaded. gun to the to. work and just slide it. over to him and be like here. use that on yourself it'll go. much quicker yeah i mean that's the thing. you're killing yourself that's dis. disgusting every day is fast. food i do not care. what anybody says of course. people don't think of it. like that though they think of it. like a rest dude yes absolutely it's also even fast. chinese food yeah no i know that's disgusting. but so is all fast. food and that is particularly. disgusting i knew it. i knew a dude that. ate fast food three times a day. and he' be like yeah i just eat fast. food three times a day. i just like it and i'm like that's not good. did he know it. wasn't good you just didn't care. he was fat well did he know. that that was why cuz a lot. of people don't dude that's still not an an entire population understood thing. which is crazy to. me and then another time and then that guy. was friends with another guy you know who it is i'm not going to. air him out but i was like he hadn't had sex for so long and he hadn't data for so long and i was like why don't you just like maybe you're um maybe you're uh uh ugly no no no no maybe you're uh threshold what do you call. it maybe you're sex drive. no no no no no like when somebody is shooting too. high maybe you're should broaden. your horizons broaden broaden your no. like you're going out you're trying. for two hot chick you're shooting above. yeah okay yeah whatever that is. god damn it what the [ __ ] is it i don't think there is i don't think that's a thing no it is i it is punching above your weight. yeah but not that that that is a way. to say it yes but that isn't what i was going. for okay so punching above your weight. but hold on maybe you you need to. i think that's what he's thinking. is punching above your weight. no that's not what i'm thinking. that's not what i'm thinking. because he said it. oh if you know it. say it i don't know because he said it. i know it then you don't know. it a [ __ ] guy at an at auction. hold on hold on. hold on maybe you're maybe you should maybe you should god. standards yes whoa what did he say yes what he say maybe you should low not have you should lower your standards you should not yes dude you redeemed yourself. you still like the terrifier movie. but [ __ ] yeah dude you still got bad taste. but yeah still got bad taste. in films but [ __ ] yeah came through with the lower you lower your standards. i said on the way. over here i saw a terrifier sticker on a car. when no on the way. over here you saw terrifier stick. on the car it's spreading yep. what if you looked at a car. and it was a guy. so hold on um now he's he's chasing him. down trying to h. get their attention so he pulls. over becomes friends with the only other person who likes terrifier. okay go um so so that's so stupid. dude i mean not more one. people more two people like it you i mean. i know yeah okay so don't all right. everyone knows that yeah okay. it made him a bunch of money so um so he and then he said he got so frustrated. i was cuz cuz cuz sometimes you might meet somebody you're open. to yeah yeah they're pretty. but who knows and then you become more. attracted to them of course. but that's what i'm saying. and he said i've told you this. but he said i i will not hook. up with some standard [ __ ] i will not hook up with some cer [ __ ] dude and i could know who you're talking about yeah and i was like ow like he was so frustrated and i was like it was crazy dude. wow that i will not hook. up with some [ __ ] i will not hook up. with some [ __ ] dude that's how he said it i mean he needs yeah i know deep therapy yeah wow so that is wild i can totally see it too w. and still not going out and still not. going out with anyone he will not he will. not hook up with substandard. [ __ ] though i mean i like yeah [ __ ] you don't like it who likes that how old was he when he did that i don't know adult. may okay unacceptable yeah um so that. was funny when that [ __ ] happened and i stand by it. and uh i think that honestly. if you eat panda that's dude. that's terrible if her question was what do you do. about it i think you actually. have the right to. say something i think you're disgusting. just and also say it smells it. smells really bad it's aff smells. bad can you go to. the first floor because other people are coming. up to the third floor. to take shits send them. back down to the first floor. even it out do you know. what you do it already. smells in the bathroom go eat the panda. express in the shitty third floor. bathroom and just you know. onestop shot for smelling badness. right but who i don't think that guy's going. to be down with into. the bathroom that smells like [ __ ] to. eat his lunch you know how is it in there you're pissing how's the food. um so hold on yeah. and i i feel like well that's i don't how about dude. there's people that go to. different levels to. take a b that i want. to focus on that part. because that is but that's a thing. though what it is bro. you know remember you i'm going. to go upstairs i got to. go to the bathroom. who does that there's a bathroom. right here who does that. oh i have clear memories of people. doing it oh okay yeah. i mean don't our uncle did. it once at our house. uh well i guess they do it. because i think they think it's going. to smell right okay but i do it. wherever the closest bathroom. is if you do that. and no one is at the if if you do it. where if you want to. go to a different floor. of the domicile in which you are currently. don't say d yeah existing. with others and there's no one else at that. level so scientific yeah then that's a respect thing. i can understand if there are people. on that level you're just making other. people smell your [ __ ] it's not better. it's still making like that's actually. ruder i think yeah oh i see. what you're saying so it's like if they were going. to go to the third. floor nobody was on the third. floor of course that makes sense. that's respectful if you're going to. go to the third floor. there are just other people there. i'm sure if she thinks it's annoying. other people notice it so when that. guy comes off the elevator as soon. as you see him tell everybody. before him have everybody. go oh here we go. that's a good that would. be awesome shaming in this. instance is a very viable very viable. option that's a good idea. when he gets off the elevator ding. if you know the person who shits. ding this person's going to. take a big [ __ ] it's going. to smell really bad. as they walk by going. to the bathroom i mean. yeah that's a little more. aggressive what did you say. oh here we go oh. but that's not enough you'll get it. though but then then then you you got to. you got room though. to go somewhere okay you know. what i'm saying you do that. you see what his face. looks like and if he still does. it then you go oh here. comes the [ __ ] gu's going. to [ __ ] in our [ __ ] third floor right you probably can't get rid up for that he's probably doing something that he shouldn't be doing honestly if the company really thought about it yeah or is it a different company on the first floor which would be crazy dude if it's like a coke and then a pepsi on the top and it's just part of the soda wars and the guy's eating panda express too all sorts of [ __ ] bad [ __ ] panda express is just disgusting dude yeah tell them they're disgusting ah man hey you're disgusting dude yeah i would if i knew the person well enough i would it's not the same person eating the panda express that goes up no cuz that that's the person also on the third floor co all right well we figured it out and we're you're welcome for the adves management about the [ __ ] too if you want to yeah or just go to hr and say he's molesting you make everyone put up signs and say please do the dokies on your own floor what if that was the sign throughout the course everyone remember dookie on your floor is accepted and only that on the elevator i mean worded so terribly dy on your floor is only accepted is accepted on your floor and only that i say right right right you did say that okay all i can do is [ __ ] all right next one hi matt hi chris chris i've been a baby for a really long time matt i think i'm just in love with you so okay here's my situation i live alone but i have these really cool downstairs neighbors um and i know for a fact that they smoke weed every single night and we're cool like we've exchanged numbers and stuff um but but my question is can i text them to like smoke wood with me sometime because i do i don't smoke often like them but i when i do want to smoke weed i don't want to do it alone but is it like crossing a like an apartment neighbor boundary like does it make it weird if they don't want to and then like like i don't know you know they don't want to come out of their house or something let me know i'm just like chris and that i think everyone hates me until like i know that they don't uh so yeah so uh i. would love your advice so. she she she basically it's not that. she wants to. even what a lovely person. be higher smoke. weed yeah she certainly seems like it. but she um has doubts has doubts. what has doubts no what if she just closed. a computer and then she just goes um no. but she she just wants to. like partake in the time. you know like like ah dude. that sounds fun just smoking. and toking and hitting that [ __ ] you know what i mean. so chocolate tie just taking a little puff of that. sticky icky so if i'm smoking. weed o damn that. purple good [ __ ] okay but i'm just saying it's better if if it's purple it means it's good i i've heard that jus mckinnon told me that when i was younger wow j mckibben was smoking weed. when you knew him he knew about weed. yeah wasn't it mckibben. mckinnon jordan was a. sl wasn't that him that was him. right yeah dude god damn dude. have you talked about that marco. do you know about that. you know about with the slime. jordan with the slime well i mean. obviously only from you guys i oh yeah. weren't there uh because he wasn't um a national. yeah yeah story when when it happened slam daily news and j mckin in mon. new jersey kept saying jordan with the slam. i was just 10yearold in. new jersey wait wasn't it. mckibben it was [ __ ] mckinnon. dude why you saying it. like that because i already said it. clearly i didn't know you answered. okay you [ __ ] kidding me. dud absolutely get i absolutely take it. down you're too mad you'll. absolutely what you're just too. mad though dude i you're too mad. though so hold on you. asked a question didn't listen. for the answer or what i did. i did but you asked. i thought you skipped the answer. and asked him about do you know. okay wow okay all right. so it's m justin mckibben no. no no and and and he would uh and and we were it. was his birthday and i went everyone. was going to sleep. over i didn't sleep over cuz i i i didn't want. to sleep over cuz you were scared. i was scared at that. moment i would get scared. yet cuz he love freddy. krueger right so and chris eag they like story comes out. so um chris seago was kind of smelly. right no oh okay. i'm thinking of somebody died. died we get a bern. so um so so he said uh so we were watching. on his birthday we were watching. the bulls play and he loved the chicago. bulls used toey for no reason. he love the chicago. bulls you know like a [ __ ] jackass lot of people like that the bulls were a thing bulls and the cowboys. outside chicago cowboys in. the '90s both of those. teams in the '90s people. could be like in alabama. being like i love steers are. like that too but anyway um so what nothing. irish nothing nothing so so he so we were watching. the bulls the bulls yeah sorry. not laugh and so he doubles and he said he jordan did a thing. you know either slam dunked or was on. his way and he's jordan with the slime. and nobody did anything about it. because he was just doing it. yeah and then he just did. it so so many times every time jordan got the ball. he would just like jordan with the slime. damn that's cool and there were like 12. people there and i was like all right. i didn't have anyone i could lock eyes. with and be like what the [ __ ] is this guy doing probably the first time. i ever thought about looking at. someone else and being like what the [ __ ] is this guy doing you know i'm so young. jordan with the slime dude. how did i we didn't how insane. is it how i am. so blessed and i mean this. that i went to. that party for that memory. that has lived with me. for uh 30 years and i have been doing. jordan with the slime for 30. years and it has brought me. joy more than 30. years really weird and i would love for justin mckinnon. to reach out we should have him on the show. i think i tried to. find him once god what just m is probably. there's probably like there's a lot but um yeah dude. and i think quadir was. the only one that was like he keeps saying jordan with the l. i don't quader quader was really. really tiny guy with glasses. damn yeah i don't remember him. at all his name is quader. but yeah i remember most of your friends. teddy omar those guys were i haven't. thought about teddy in so long teddy was the omar. omar omar uh omar pittz not. omar there was omar. pittz omar hol omar hol i. still i have kept in touch. with up until last i mean. this is so boring for everybody. but anyway no let's go through. everybody what about teddy chandler. teddy chandler's younger sister tatiana was in myig grade and kevin uh nelson okay. let's go to. the next one no whoa. whoa whoa whoa we didn't even. we didn't okay cool all right. the next guy's on coke. so much i can believe it. i can't believe how much. the first second of that guy. was on so much. coke it's unbelievable so stay. tuned for that being chased. by cops in his car while he made while he made the video of submission. and it's and the submission. the advice is nothing about that. yeah yeah yeah all right. cool so this woman so what do. you do about pancakes and then you if i'm smoking. weed with the person i live. with and and a neighbor that i like texts. me and says oh i can smell. the weed can i come. over and smoke with you. i'm all about it. i'm super stoked i'm happy i say. yes come over and it's it's more fun cuz that person's there. so this is a good thing. for her to figure out. if somebody actually really likes her. you're saying right if the person if i don't like the person i not only am like oh no i'm like oh i feel like intruded upon. i feel like i can't smoke. anymore and they're going to. smell it and no and they're going to. want to come over it's like it's like a big. leap basically asking them to. do it but the thing. is if they're down for it. they really really will be happy. about you joining them. if they're not down for it. they'll be like stressed out every time they put a joint to. the lips so it's a judgment. call i'm assuming they like you cuz you seem like someone that is generally liked by. people so my guess would be yeah ask them but ask them. like in between sessions right. like be like i've noticed you guys. smoke i love to. smoke ask me over next. time you do it don't. do it while they're stoned because that's the other thing. you could freak people. out when they're stoned and they could be like uh is she a narc is she a cop. not paying attention at all this. what you do i stop that. i was trying to. think of something this is what you do. you legit don't do any of that. next no i'm kidding you. you you you just you don't ask. they they're your downstairs neighbors. open your window and [music]. just and then and then and then and then go pause. it and reach out the window. say what okay and say. what oh sorry i thought you said. something and then no i didn't i know. that would definitely i would. understand that as oh would you um do you want. to come smoke but that. would be so roundabout. and so weird dude. even if you even if the person did understand. as you're suggesting now that. i would get and then close what yeah. no i didn't say anything. i just oh oh what you guys. doing play this out we're just we're just hanging out. smoking weed dude that's so funny. i was just playing bob. marley i love i love i love weed. that's [ __ ] hilarious anyway dude. i'm gonna go oh you don't. have to go okay. see you good night good. night you planed to. the seed right next. time this time take it take it. for the team the next. time they go they they light. it up dude and then [ __ ] you do it again. was a different song dude. light it up when they light it up. no dude no this is all. wrong all you do here. we go when they light. it up just all these hiop. songs and 9 you start. with something else yeah dude. that was the thing back. then um can we get a [ __ ] the chronic uh here's the deal you don't have to. ask them while they're stoned ask. them next time you run. into them or just text. them during the day sometime. and be like hey next time. you guys smoke i would love. to come hang out jo yes absolutely yes even because then they'll still they still may. be oh no you could still. feel know but you're giving them. the chance to not feel. intruded upon by being like hey i smell. it can i come down i but i know. but if you say to. them hey dude do you guys want. to smoke weed tonight yeah. that might be good yeah. but yeah okay oh we were going. to do it anyway. come on down our house. totally to that or yeah. nah and then if they smoke. anyway then they know that oh it's just their thing. [ __ ] yeah dude i come up with great. advices dude i mean what's that song. name that's the one. i wanted to use i never know. that song name dude. that's uh dg dink let's just keep going. till we get the title. dink dink dink next episode. next episode dude on the chronic. 2000 right casey cas next episode. is it really he's probably. wrong oh there we go. dude that's what it is. bro hey dude they start. smoking weed and just open. your window dude as soon as you smell. it dude i used to. freestyle that song in high. school there's nothing wider honestly isn't that hilarious. dude yo yo dude one time. with mitchell we were we were. freestyling and he goes [ __ ] is one of his l babies is the laies dude and i i had to. pull over bro babies is the laies. i had to pull over you. know when you get so caught up. you just start yeah dude. he said babies is the laies. dude that's really funny. i had to pull over and that. is another jordan with the slime. i always think of it. dude yeah pulling out two of them. right now [ __ ] yeah dude i love those things you never know when they're going to. happen you don't they're the best. i wish more of them. happened but i guess that's what make them. so special last one. that happened i don't know. sometimes they need time. to gestate for sure yeah you know. for sure for sure for sure i remember the last one. that happened what i think what was. it this look at this. some was it that one. no actually recent i think so we maybe have talked about that. my dad we were was the we were playing. i forget the name of the game. it was something like taboo. or whatever though where you get a card. and it's the thing you need to. convey and there's the words under it. that you can't say to. try to convey. it right yes and my dad. got magician mh and he was like because there's a clock on it. clock quick and he couldn't think of it. fast enough so he just he goes look. at [laughter] this that's cool. it was that's good it. was absolut dude hilar. oh and at the same time. he hit his [ __ ] foot too which was great. that was oh god he tripped a little bit. [ __ ] families dude. yeah oh what a what a time. what was the last one. you had think about these back. at home oh a guy i knowuh do i know. about this one no oh man. i love when i know about told me. was talking about how uh on set. he's a guy that works. in crews on movie sets okay. and he's talk about how he people get like close. to him too close. to him sometimes yeah. and he says and as he's relaying. the story to me he's like he's like and i'm just like get out. of my rice ball what and i was like i was like wait. what is it me what did. you just say and he was like uh get out. of my rice ball i was like i was like what. do you i don't know what that. means man like what are you. talking about he's like you know. like you're someone's like up in your rice. ball i guess it kind of makes sense. like you got your own. bow chill out that's racist. though oh maybe well i mean. if there's an asian trying to. interrupt you yeah that's what i'm saying. like it's just like pi why. you adding in an ethnicity. get out of my burrito. but make sure there's no mexicans around here right. well that's what i mean. like why are you adding. get out my pizza get out. of my get out of my space. just say that rice i like rice. bow i'm going to. do rice bow for now. get out my r. get out of my rice. bowl i guess the rice. ball isn't necessarily an asian dish. r for all of i'm but why rice. get out of my cream. of some young guy why rice. w is that a way. world yeah dude. remember wayne's world cream of some young. god wow dude way world is hilarious. i know dude wow oh [ __ ] remember when rob l. would do the thing and he spoke thing. he like i i speak cantonese remember that. yeah dude he godam we're we're we're we're off the rails. but yeah that's good for the weed. thing real quick we should have. people send in those things their things those things. i'm afraid that they won't. be that good but like cuz you you really. need to be there for the thing. yeah but but i'm afraid they won. people need to sell it. if they're going to. sell it really need to. sell if you're going to. do it do it but sell it. yeah don't just be someone like one. time they could do it. some people pull it off. yeah yeah you might as well send them. in all right cool now. here's the thing before we get to. the next one i'm in the middle. of a root canal. got my first part done. on friday got my last. part done yesterday my next. part's my last part's. doing thursday but guess what today i'm in immense pain all right. let's do the next one. let's do the next one. dude why why is there. three levels it's not. a video game no it's because it's because they can't do it all at once. it's like too much to. do to time wise. no no no although that would yeah. what yeah yeah how long were you in the about 2. hours both times crazy dude. i'm in a pain are. you what's the pain. level with your mouth right now yeah i can get you some o just like this three if i'm talking five of them eating like wow hitting the top. of the thing i can get you some oxycon. r is a thing i mean. i'm good rice bow is a thing. oh i got the giggles. bro is it yeah what does. it say it says a task performed. by a specific individual group. a or a protected job. project program etc oh well then why didn't he explain an example i don't need gym. i can change the tire. self but bob you. got to get j. let jim fix it that's his rice. bowl oh why didn't he explain. it better no he used. the term wrong though. he's not evening what term. is he did though he no. it sounds like he was doing. the right the right get out. of my rice bowl cuz you're talking too close. to me that's wrong. yeah well unless know if if he me. you're saying if he meant to. like get out of my domain right. yeah okay yeah right. he's in my job right. well he certainly didn't but maybe he doesn't know. how it's used and he knows. it wrong and he just does it. whenever kind of knowing him that is extremely likely. right got it yeah yeah yeah uh great. guy though wow what was i going. to say god damn it. i had another canal or what. right now i can get you some oxy right. now about a five i'm good. man thank you cuz it's addictive. highly addictive it is and there. was a huge thing going. on in 1996 to. like 2000 i mean it's kind of still going. on turn fento but yeah. but oxyon was the thing. it's hely still going on it's heroin. fenel is a 100 times. no a thousand times stronger than morphine. which is even stronger than oxyon. o is 100 times even. possible oxy content is a hundred times. more potent than morphine so really yeah damn uhhuh. and so they how dude. i cuz i've been watching the thing. you know oh actually everything. on it like i watch painkiller then i watch dop. then i watch the documentaries. i saw all [ __ ] but man. it is so crazy. that they thought dude. there's a time release thing. yeah i know yeah and they were like well the good. thing is the dose doesn't go. into you it goes into. you it releases as you need it. for 12 hours but dude. you put it in your mouth. and you swallow it and then it releases. dude people were just snorting. it yeah and that obviously that's a way. to get beyond it. okay is that obvious i guess. i wouldn't it is once. somebody decides to do it. and then they just spread the information. right okay you know the company's new dude. that [ __ ] they blows my mind. dude okay but you know what i mean. oxycontin but we're doing this. now though and i'm just saying but oxycontin is crazy. how that [ __ ] went sp. control now fel d did you ever. see the videos of the cop. that are like let's see what. we got here they open. a bag and then they're just like are. those real i i hate when people say. that but i've seen that. and i don't know if those are real. a fenel a little piece of fenel go. like it's like the uh forest. gump feather you're just at the park. playing with your kids y. [music] why is this why. is this for gump. you know why do we blend. those together why are those togethera i know i know what what else. floats the bag in american. beauty you can pick whatever you want but dude. a [ __ ] dope fiend dude. in the park in a library three don't. even use libraries anymore. three blocks away this guy over here outside the cuaro gets lucky just talking to. his friend kids on the swing. and they brush into. that's not what happens. you know what i mean. if that happened it would never be made ever. you know what happened to. my kid it's not going. to happen to. kid three blocks away outside the library no a milligram of fental. can kill you though for sure. see if you don't use it. ever if you've never used it. before well a kid never uses. it your kid a kid. a kid a kid's not gonna oh i see what. you're saying that's not what happens. though it doesn't float through the air. and then go into. his nose and then he dies. this is not this. is not a thing you know. it is a real sc. the guy at the curu would get lucky. though if that happen yeah it might get lucky all right next one for real the guy in the car. getting away this guy is on 1. second of coke it is. one second immediately he's so yaked out and the cops. are following him and it's unreal. d in florida he hasn't. slept in 70 days he's definitely in. florida 70 hours sorry 70. days 70 hours 70. hours it's incredible 70. days it's incredible it's all. incredible on his lip. right there yeah he does all. right i'm at the beach. so don't judge me. uh but anyway i had a moment today that. made me laugh and i'm like oh my god you guys are rubbing. off on me for sure. through the podcast um there were these two women. that were like talking really loudly. having this private conversation but like around. everybody else talking about money. how much they're making the drama. at work all this. stuff that's like you know. you at first i was like oh i'm going. to like triy to not listen. and then i was like f. that i was like i'm going. to i'm going to. listen harder now i'm going. to get closer i'm going. to i might even chime in you know. what i mean i might oh really. really 80,000 oh crazy that's that's wild. you know what i mean. and i was like this. is something that maybe chris and matt. would do so anyway maybe the question. would be what do you. all do when people are talking and having like private. conversations in public thanks guys rock. so hold on so this. guy did he actually say stuff. to them him yeah no i don't think so okay. so he just got closer. and listen so i understand. that also i cannot believe how much. he would be in [ __ ] movies in 2002. yeah with that face be third. lead you missed it. in an indie about like kids. who seth green no movie. with seth green by mistake ended up driving a car with drugs in the trunk. dude that's the and crossing the border that. is the most that is yeah. that is one of the best. calls ever on lifeline that's unreal. dude and scott con. would be in it too that. is unreal that is un. that is uncocks suuck and real that. that that that that call that. guy would be in a movie. yeah that was oh wow. dude 2003 so many flannels in that. movie yeah but yeah dude. pell oh yeah you know yeah you know he didn't even have a pukaa necklace on. but he did basically i agree. so what do we do i i mean. i i tell you what i people. that i'm with get really annoyed. with me because i'll be like sh. to them cu i want. to listen to. the people that i don't know that. are being too loud yeah i've been and i find i actually completely understand. why they get mad. at me for that cuz that is so annoying. if i'm talking and someone tells me to. shush because they want to. listen to strangers. i would be mad too but i i can't. help it i love love. love love listening to. strangers i have binoculars at home. i spy on neighbors i kind. of that's illegal no i have it. is illegal but they've never caught me. so you do the math. okay i live in a house. that's kind of like looking down. okay this is illegal into. like not a canyon but the homes are like beneath. me in a on on the streets. below i'm just like this okay. so it's illegal looking into. windows looking into bedrooms. you have a telescope no i don't want. to get a telescope okay. well too clunky you got to. be be able to. run you got to. be able to. run away yeah you can't do [laughter] that i mean you know sexual. [ __ ] what was what was that you know when you let let the tripod down with the things the air. comes out yeah dude and then you run. it to the fenal and you die. okay so um i guess oh there you know sometimes. you know what i do. that is the truth and and this is just like that. is when i'm in line. mhm and there's somebody that. is too close. behind me okay cuz it happens. uh we like what this. person is so close. right yeah yeah yeah i back. up very slowly yeah. that's good into. them until i'm touching them. that's good and i wait. for them to move. that's good good job it's good. because it's it's not really that. confrontational it's effective i'm sure but it's not like turn around. say hey excuse me can you back. up i want in my fantasy. i want them to. be like what are you doing. and then you do what and i say oh i'm sorry. i didn't realize you were so close. that's good yeah cuz then they get it. they might get it. on the right home oh [ __ ] i was too close. i love that you're counting. on them getting it and that's what you like. about it i have a fantasy. this is above any sexual. fantasy above any victory fantasy. above any career fantasy i have a fantasy. i have a fantasy that. i think of all the time. oh boy okay and i won't stop thinking of it. because i can't yeah okay. i get that yeah my eyes. fall upon oh some man's. shoes and i like them i like his shoes. okay and i catch them. and i'm watching and i look at his shoes. mh that dude walks up. to me and says yo man. what the the [ __ ] are you looking at right. and then i say oh i was just admiring. your shoes uhhuh and that's the fantasy. that's it yeah that's the whole. fantasy bro i think about it. all the time what is the what. what even is that because i want that. guy oh to. think that i'm a like get pissed. off and then realize he's the [ __ ] i mean if someone got pissed at that they'd be such an [ __ ] i know but then i compliment. them even if you had something shitty. to say i always say i was admiring. your shoes admiring i always i'm going. to you don't always say. that you've never done it. this has never happened. in my fantasy i always say that. i want to. be clear about that yeah it's never happened. and i think about it. do you go around. staring at people's shoes by. any chance no no but well i mean i i i definitely look at. people shoes cuz i like shoes. right so that's how the f. you should do that you should try. it out stare at people's shoes. more even if you don't like them. just get that fantasy i don't. think it'll ever be as good. as a fantasy oh wow. protecting yourself okay protecting your dreams. i get it bro. i i legit think about that. at least i would a few times a month. i think about that you're crazy. you're an insane person is that crazy. bro it's just not a thing. i know that's not a thing. people have fantasies of like having sex. with twins and [ __ ] not me dude. i mean i you know. i've had those fantasies i've done. it but i'm just saying i haven't done. that but i'm just saying i haven't done. the shoe i haven't done. the shoe thing either well you get to. stepping i one time was in line. i used to. love the sandwiches at von's at the counter. this is a fantasy this is real. there's a guy that was too. close to me from behind me. mh and then i was putting my stuff. on the conveyor belt and the guy. that was too close. behind me went like this. like this say this is my sandwich. and he went like this. huh oh no you got it. at the counter no yeah touched. my [ __ ] and and i i couldn't believe it i was so in disbelief. i i hid it out of his hand. really yeah dude how old were you oh this. was like i was in my 20s. okay so hold on so obviously. the sandwich is wrapped up of course. yeah but that's still crazy. still so crazy that's so weird. to touch something that like gives and is soft. like and i hit i hit out. i said don't [ __ ] touch my food. and and he if [ __ ] it was [ __ ] up cuz he immediately went oh oh oh oh i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry and i realized he like has boundary issues oh so you're a bad guy i like triggered him you're a bad guy he was obviously autistic or something and you're a bad person i don't know what it was but something could have been asbergers could have realize i didn't realize the bound he didn't realize the boundary was crossing and when i did that he felt actually bad and then i was like oh no i'm sorry this was like my inst oh my god you know what kristen would have done oh here have it have a sandwich what else do you want. to buy open your mouth. open your mouth yeah yeah yeah open it shoot. my titties here here's some [ __ ] um here's some [ __ ] uh um anyway yeah all right yeah more yeah cool guys okay i need advice i'm starting school next week and i'm already kind of nervous about it but i read. my like reviews for my professors and my math. teacher has horrible reviews. like horrible every single one. is like the lowest. rating and they all say she's really. mean and everybody fails her class. and she's just like not a good. teacher so my question is do i go. in like kissing her ass. like do i bring cookies. or something or do i go. in with more of like a don't [ __ ] with me. vibe i don't think the don't [ __ ] with me. vibe is going to. work cuz i don't really naturally give that vibe. off but i don't know dude. i'm just spitballing here so. whatever you got please help. go on with go in the h. uh room with sunglasses and be blaring. this i mean the solution. to everything no see i i don't know. i don't i don't know why. i don't know what makes me. this way but when i read re i'm not in school. anymore but like when i read reviews of a thing. before i experienced it for. myself you can review teachers that's crazy. i always always always think these are not right. i i'll figure it out yeah. it is true though because so much of it. depends on how you are yeah. it does to get the person. to react in the way. that they're being described in the reviews. but what you're saying is very true. you cannot not take an online. review seriously you can't dude. even if there's hundreds of them you. don't this could have become a thing. and then people hate and then they make a thing and then totally yeah. dude truthfully so what i was what i would suggest. is go in the first day. like you would anything yeah pay close attention. what can often happen. is if you're aware. that you know the teacher. is usually hates her. students or his students. or whatever uh you can if you want. to be be the one that they don't. hate pretty easily because you can just observe what they're hating. about all the other students. and be a different way. at least in the 50 minutes that you're in front. of them for it's not. hard to be a kid. a teacher likes you know if you want if that's something you care about you know uh but yeah i mean teachers like so what yeah that's when people were like like when ellen everyone was like take ellen down it's like why she's a mean boss dude bosses are mean teachers you know what i mean. it's like yeah there are good. teachers and there are nice bosses. but dude oh well actually sorry ellen's. mean but i would say no [ __ ] she's mean no [ __ ] she's one of the richest. people in the world super famous. of course she's mean exactly. dude thank you and chill. the [ __ ] out but this is different because she's not trying to. person fire just like i'm nervous. i uh i bet she's not as bad as the she's not. you're making it you're romantici in it. and also uh well she's not roman she's scared. of it well romanticizing means. just heightening it it's not. like you're going to. go in there and kiss her. sweep her off her feet hey hey darling. hi how are you i heard your mean. but i don't believe any of it. nares the word m here's some cookies. wow here's an apple ew. don't do that you've done. that before i do it. all the time i don't want you. to do it but that's what you do. when you kiss no i okay. well it is but but no one wants. to see that you know. there are probably some people that want to. see maybe some but not most people don't look i'm about to. do it look away. but i got to. do this too because i don't want. to hear it either. all right see hearing. it's even grosser to. be honest uh yeah i don't know. you're all right man. it's going to. be fine and also who cares. if she's mean yeah you know. what i'm saying it's all about the work. it's about the work right. because here's the other thing too i used to. get pissed off oops. i used to. get pissed off at hecklers. i used to. get pissed off at them. genuinely during the show. and my friend was like dude. careful with that because you're just exacerbating what's happening. it's it's a ripple effect. of negative of negativity for everybody. else there right so like a heckler stands. up says something they ruin the show. me getting pissed off about it. and i don't even me. putting them in place but just having that in my head. that negativity it's lessening. the show for everyone you i've got to. drop that if i'm truly about it. when they heckle i'm like do not do that. you're ruining for everyone else. if i'm truly about that life. yeah then i got to. be truly about the home. life when i'm on stage but also still killing. right okay so many things you know so many lives to. be about um yeah yeah it's going. to be fine you're going. to be fine but first advice. don't like just don't go into. it being a different person. than you are that's going. to get you in trou. in all scenarios always go. away and be yourself pay close. attention to the teacher. and decide for yourself if she's going to. be a problem or he's going. to be great or whatever. the f tot you know. oh by the way i'm going. to be in charlotte. coming up here and i'm going. to be in little rock. arkansas and your boy's going to. be in knoxville and nashville and canada. crystal dot com for tickets. so that's it mia. dot com for oneonone sessions. with me your boy. pimping pimpin get in there make an appointment with me i will probably very likely save your life but no guarante okay well that yeah not this a comedy podcast but uh go to. the patreon lifeline luxury. patreon dot com luxury. it's great it's growing. it's awesome and we do at least. two episodes extra a month. uh and they've just been firing all. over the place man they've been really just coming and blasting. all over the place um if you have a question. just click the uh description. we got a hotline. and also uh go to. the the email thing and um that's it. we also have merch uh lifeline. merch dot com and that's it. i appreciate you guys like and subscribe. baby hello hello hello hello hello hello hello 