 [music] runk hey guys i'll be in colona. it's coming that that those tickets. are going crazy i don't know if it's sold out. we keep opening up more. levels to it vancouver. i'll be there february 10th. second show there's two shows. rochester new york kitner ontario. uh shreport louisiana houston texas and then i got a bunch of new dates. that i just added fort. wayne sagona victoria a augusta north charleston chattanooga. anyway uh that's what's up and then also you can watch my special. right now cha dot com. grow or die. and uh i appreciate you. so thanks and here we go. with the new episode of [music]. congratulations [music] conat it is uh i also want to. say you know guys look the patreon. is on and popping. you get a you get an an extra episode. every uh month and uh and and and extended episodes. go over and sign up. patreon dot com christalia it's on. and popping as they would as as young. mc would say in 1999 or whatever it was on and popping. in his on and popping. in this on and poppin. and this on on and poppin. that was the song and it was so bad. and i remember liking. it so much because i was young. and now i guess you know what i'm going. to listen to. it after this so there. you go i just given you my schedule. that's all it is really. just giving you my schedule. um this podcast is really just honestly. giving you my schedule and what. happened and everything about um uh what happened. in my past and then what i'm going. to do so whatever i don't know. it's already boring yes dude. but anyway um there's a storm here in la. there's a storm out here there's a big. storm and um it's actually crazy. my mom texted me. let's see look here we go. look at my mom my mom. you look like all moms my mom. says something over and over again. and like all moms would say the reason. why they do that is because you never listen. right but i listen. okay i'm 43 now uh and uh i listen. and the the the the media is making it. out to be like this storm is crazy. i outside and i guess it is but also los. angeles just kind of doesn't look there. are things that are happening. i think in every reign probably people slip. and fall and hit their head. and die and stuff. or or drown you know. or you know a gas line. gets hit by a uh a thing and then the guy's got to. come out i i think that that. happens every rain but also in la when it happens. it's it it's so rare. that it happens i guess that. it makes news and it's like storm alert. storm watch 2024 storm view storm gander storm storm stormat 2024 guy. got stuck in a sewer. storm gaze 2024 and um storm site. and so uh so they'll do that. and then you'll be like whoa. all right hey can go can't. go end of sentence cuz can't. go anywhere right people might be like where no that's the end of the sentence can't go so um i uh i i i we stay inside and then all of a sudden we look uber yes dude uber eats postmates door dash. they're all canceled yes. dude they're all canceled. because of the storm storm watch storm site. storm view 2022 2024 storm gander and so um so. we're like all right well well okay what do we do dude. we just i guess we just sit in the house. you know got two kids. got the nanny with us got a friend. over last night and storm gaze hit and he stayed over. because he was like well i guess. i'm david s like i guess. i ain't gonna leave i don't you know. i i don't need to. omble a up the hill. if i have to. come back so um so we went to. uh so so we were in in our house. fell asleep raining like cats. and dogs all good you know woke. up david's in my house. i guess still didn't know. christ was like wake up david's here also you have therapy yes got stuff. wrong with me so went. to do therapy on zoom. and also also um the thing about it. is i thought the the wifi. was going to crash. didn't thought the power was going. to go out didn't got a generator anyway. it's all good but um so we're doing it. we wake up and i turn on the news. they're showing like pictures of cars. sunk into like ditches. a house that fell down. and like a guy is talking to. the camera like yeah it. was pretty dangerous and scary. and i and you're like oh okay we got a call. uh uh bruce willis. and ben affleck cuz it's storm gaze and so i'm like well. what are we going to. do for food no postm. yes no door des yes dude. so my wife i'm like you know. look why don't we take the look. i got some nice cars. why don't we take the audi. though right why don't we take the it's a nice look it's a nice car. dude but it's an suv why don't we let the nice suv do its business. out in the rain why don't we why don't we let the nice suv do its business out in the rain. all right why don't we let it do. its business out in the rain. me behind the wheel. and i'll avoid the po. house i won't even look at my phone. while i'm driving which i normally. do don't tell my wife. but i didn't because it's storm gaze all right. so she says all right. here's the list of stuff. you got to get at the grocery. store i don't want to. do it dude i hate getting. stuff at the grocery store. dude who hates stuff. getting stuff at the grocery. store me why you all. you always get the wrong thing. dang the audience ding ding. ding ding oh sorry we didn't want that. kind of cream cheese oh you got the wrong. kind but what kind did you what. kind did you want oh it. was actually right next to. it you looked at it. with your [ __ ] stupid face and then you got the wrong. kind all good you got and so bro. these are the things my wife. tells me to get check it. so so we decide i decide to. go out and brave brave the storm okay now i'm like driving to. the uh what do you call. it um driving to. the uh supermarket market whatever hey la hey it's fine dude i know that a car got sunk in the thing and i know that there was there were mudslides and i know that maybe like a 5yearold drowned in the rain but hey that happens every rain my heart goes out god bless suck you lost your car daughter. whatever it is but like also when you ride. around you're just you're just like oh it's not. that bad and i go like this. hey but hey la there's seattle though. hey la there's vancouver you're all. good okay when went did. the shopping came uh didn't even get coffee. dude cuz i was like i don't want to. went home dude there was part. of the roadblock part of the road. that i went to. take home blocked still turned around. i got pissed off. because i wanted to. dude they go like this. my nny says don't take this. one road it's going. to be bad you know. what your boy [music]. thinks taking it right. cuz i'm taking it because i got to. see what it's like dude. right so i what i got the suv i want let it do. what it do i want to. let it do its business. i want the suv letting it do its business so i'm behind the wheel. i'm like i'm going to. go on the road that she said not to. go down because dude. i'm gonna go check it. out i want to. i like i'm i'm the kind of guy. who likes making the splashes. you know i don't avoid him. i go right into. him and i let it on the window. you know like an idiot do. you do that like a jackass i'm 43. and i'm just like and then i get a little bit. scared right there's always that one little hydroplane and then my wife every time it rains. did you know that if you have to. hydroplane you you're supposed. to turn into. the the spin always and i'm like i i know honey you say. it you always say it. in all sorts common. knowledge and then i'm like wait if a hydroplan happened. guess what dude i'm cooked i'm cooked because i go. like this turn in what. ways in what ways in out. out in in turn in is that this way. you're oh that's me cuz you no. turn in but what is turn in cuz you're going. that way the back end. is coming out this way. but the front end's. going this way does that. mean turn into. the front way or the turn. into where you're supposed. to be in the back. or what dude i just whatever. it is i'm hitting an embankment. so um i did the i did the you know. the spl you know i'm alone. in my car 43y old. man with a [ __ ] huge jacket on cuz i never get a chance to. to wear it and um get to. the middle of where uh the uh our friend said don't take down. the road completely blocked. off yes dude completely blocked. off so pissed off got to. turn back around go the way. that she told me. to come the friend and so i did. that but uh this is the stuff. my wife told me. to get half and half. cream cheese brussels sprouts. three 5 lbs of yukon. gold pot potatoes and vegetables and whatever vegetable you want with salmon tomorrow now check this out dude i get there first of all i went to. aroan all right aroon is a highend. uh grocery store in. la it's so highend that they did. a collab with balenciaga and you're just like hey you're basically sprouts. chill and uh they say like arowana hats. for like $500 but aan baga hats. so i get there aroan. your are too your aisles are. too narrow take out. one of the aisles make them. bigger all right make them. all bigger they're too. narrow dude there was this. old lady at the [ __ ] arow on and every time i want to. go down the aisle she was coming. through the other end and because i'm younger. and spry i got to. be like oh okay i'll go back. around and i go back. around cuz she wasn't doing it. at all she dude. one time she came up. to me behind me and she just goes like this. uh and i look back. she goes uh and she just [ __ ] i moved a little bit because she wasn't going to. talk and i'm just younger so i oh sorry. can you text them to. turn that down i mean that's so loud. hey just uh open it. up i'll scream out hey. uh kristen hey kristen can you turn that. down whatever's blaring no. no no no no the music. whatever that is yeah. um can you turn it down. she said that was just a baby. laughing like like like billy has a knob on. him um uh yeah yeah the equalizer the equalizer on his leg. um so so i'm i'm at arow. one dude and the the the [ __ ] god damn it. dude i don't understand. the the the thing barely fits. the car barely fits but anyway i get the [ __ ] stuff and i go to. one of the guys all they are not short. on workers at all okay. they have so many workers there they're like um what's that. one place where you go. and there's just so many people that work there. what the [ __ ] is it uh can't remember yes fine. it's all good i need um so i asked the guy. i said hey man. where's your cream cheese because he's right. there dude and [ __ ] it you know cuz when i go to. a grocery store i'm like. i battle i battle. on i battle like do i ask them. where it is or do. i just use looking cuz that's such that's so. annoying dude if i worked at a grocery. store and people were just like where's the milk. i'd be like hey did you go. to the ends it's probably one of the ends. right um but so uh i'm i'm there. i'm there but then also he's right. there so i just and and you know. i i say hey bud. where's the cream cheese and the guy looks at me. he says ah it's over. where the milk is. and i said without even thinking. oh and started walking nowhere. you know why cuz i don't know. where the milk is. but that was the end. of the conversation and the reason. why i knew it. was the end of the conversation. is because i already spun. out and walked and started walking away. from the dude okay so i'm not going. to go back and be like oh wait hold. on where's the milk. the guy [ __ ] me and that dude is a gangster and that's how i would be the person. who worked at the it's always it's always fascinating. how much somebody at a supermarket that. works at a supermarket they know. where [ __ ] everything is bro. you could be like uh strawberry. chapstick you're like oh dude. nine at the bottom over on the right. and you're just like oh are you rain. man you just [ __ ] waffles waffles peppermint. waffles down down down there to. the left peppermint waffles say. things that don't exist. they'll know where they are foot candy. down over up on the top. up above the toilet. paper foot candy um yeah so i got this. cold brew from arowana and it sucks. that's all good everyone's so nice. at arow one though it's it's it's kind of it's nice. but why do i also why. am i also annoyed. dude like what the [ __ ] dude. like i was talking to. my therapist today and he was like well you know. i was talking getting real. deep with him today and i was talking to. him and i was like well yeah you know you know stuff. in my past like i you. know i i've i've betrayed you. know i've betrayed partners and this. and that and he was like well you know. something that comes to. mind is he was like let me ask you. uh you know and i hate to. be so you know cuz so right. off the bat it. was in the beginning of the beginning. of the um session and he said but uh look you're a lucky. guy you know you got your wife you're really lucky. let me ask you something. do you think you deserve. her and i go and i'm like but it's just monday. and part of me. is like are you saying i don't deserve her. because since but then i go a little bit further. and think he's asking me the question. and then i'm just like and i'm like i have a pretty healthy. ego but then i'm like if you have a pretty healthy. ego it's because you're insecure. everything is the same right. if you scream out [ __ ] gays. it's probably because you got some pent up. stuff and want to. get blown in the butthole. right who's just on the level. dude so he says do you think you deserve. her and i go i don't i i don't i don't that. was my answer dude. i'm 43 i should know. this [ __ ] but i'm just like i was trying to. relate that to the supermarket thing. wait and i was mad. at i don't even know anymore. but it's just like dude. why is it so hard. to know how you feel bro. i was telling this to. my therapist too i was like i don't know. dude and i don't know how i feel and i i i it's so hard. and i do so much therapy and i was thinking about this. i was thinking about this. like the other day. i was like dude it's so hard. it gets harder and i don't want i was like i just don't want. what if i just stopped you ever think of that. what if you just stopped working on your problems. and you just were committed. to being absolutely closeminded and absolutely set. in your ways like one. of those 1940s [ __ ] dads you know we don't do that we talk about the weather. how are you tell me. how you are well. i got something bothering me. no no how are you now. say now say in a good way. how are you what good. are you and tell me about. the weather you know what i mean. everything's great i need to. be a 1940s dad dude and just everything's fun because if you're that closed off cuz also they live forever dude you know they lived so long and i know that life expectancy is longer now. but it's like dude not really. cuz more [ __ ] kills you now. too cu monos santo. or whatever the hell it's called. the hell is it called. what is it monsanto monsanto. monsanto whatever it is dude you know corn syrup. and everything but anyway um so because and i was like what if i just did that what if i just i looked at chris. i was like what if i just stopped therapy. and i she was like that's my nightmare and i was like i know but like think about this. and i just like i could just live like if a problem. happened it just goes. you know cuz you can just kind of like not. do problems and i know that sounds pretty [ __ ] up but like you kind of can as a guy you can kind of just be like that's a problem and you just go they'll be fine. and and and and you know. i talk about this on stage. now but like you can you you know. of course you can just be that. way and then you have to. deal with you know a really painful. death when you're like 82 right. because it becomes that. stuff becomes like cancer. you know it like becomes like your thoughts of like [ __ ] it i'm not dealing with the [ __ ] hi how you doing how's the weather. that becomes straight up you'll. just be like it'll become any disease. it doesn't even matter like you'll be a white guy. with sickle cell at the end. it's just like you can't not. not so i guess you got to. work it all out. i don't know man i'm trying. what am i talking about dude. i i i don't even know. we should talk about the news. and stuff i guess the grammys happened. and uh people were p. pissed pissed off because of taylor swift. dude imagine being taylor swift. and just anything you do is under a microscope. like from everyone like she took the a she won. an award for best whatever. it is and then went to. get it from selene. dion and and i wouldn't say she snubbed her but she grabbed the award. and was like shocked and then like hugged someone else. and they were like oh she disrespected. the queen you know and she's got medical. issues and she disrespected [ __ ] my heart. will go on uh right. that's what she sings. and uh later on there's like pictures of them. like hugging and dancing together. and [ __ ] but people are like wow [ __ ] taylor swift hey dude you're a loser okay also you don't need you don't god dude oh my favorite part. was there was a response somebody was like wow. look what taylor swift did. what a shitty uh uh disrespectful. thing to do to. the queen and then somebody under that said give us 10. minutes we'll have an excuse and it was a she had an icon. of uh taylor swift on her. thing and then after that she was like oh this. is what happened it's like man. i need people to. do that [ __ ] for me bro. i need i need people to. do that [ __ ] for me in my house. when i get in arguments with my wife. just i need swifties in my house. that are for me like retired. swifties they just come over. to my house and my wife is like i told you to. doing the dishes is your job. if you don't do that how am i going. to trust you going to. do other things and there's actually there's much difference. between doing the dish. ishes and then also like you know saying that you're going. to go do this. and then that happens. and then swifty there just right. right [ __ ] i need a retired. swifty at my [ __ ] house dude. i don't know but it's storm watch anyway. she was m everyone was mad. at her but she's fine. it's fine everything's fine. everything's always fine dude. let's oh let's [ __ ] look that up this. is the thing that we were going. to look it up. uh how about how the the where's the video of that. try my product do we have it. yeah send it over dude. there's this infomercial how about when you realize you remember an infomercial. when you were young. and you go oh [ __ ] today's going to. be a day you go oh [ __ ] today's going. to be nostalgia. city might as well [ __ ] start getting some might as well get rainbow bright. and some dipping dots and a razor. scooter i i remembered this. the other day dude the end. of this the last second of this. is so ill dude i'm gonna play the whole thing. it's two minutes got it i'm gna. play the whole i'm not gonna play. the whole thing this is pretty. amazing i'm going to. start playing may play. the whole thing dude. this is just why can i watch [ __ ] like this over and over again. dude here we go. do you need to. know how to operate a computer. yeah i might i you might know. this okay but this guy is do you need to. know how to operate a computer. hi i'm john sherer ceo and founder of video. professor dude video professor like it's a [ __ ] someone in arkham asylum hello i'm the video professor i will show you how you're going to. die in a vhs and then do that. it seems like everywhere. i go these days somebody is recognizing. me as the video professor. ah where's recognizing dude. hey are you are you the video professor. imagine getting mistaken for the video. professor are you video professor. oh are you [ __ ] no that's because we've been teaching people how to. operate computers for over. 14 years now bro when did this come out. over 14 years no no no that. was yeah way lower you just pay. a small shipping in i'm going. to the end the reason. i'm going to do. this is because i know that. once you try my product you'll come back. to us for all your computer. learning needs and if this doesn't teach you how to. run a computer i'll even refund your shipping. and handling dude the end of this. here we go we're going to. the end this is so gangster the end. of this so what have. you got to lose. try my product dude. try a product dude. we would say that all the time. refund your shipping and handling. so what have you got to. lose try my product call video. professor now for your free. l from windows word quick. and many more call in the next. 10 minutes and this. free gift will be yours. the anytime organizer is the calendar. diary dress book and journal on your pc so you'll never miss an appointment again. remember you must call now. to get your free. cd and extra free. gift so don't delay. call now call 80049 2659 how many different. people tell need to. say call now there were three people so what have you. got to lose try. my product why does. he say it like that. so what do you need to. lose drama product dude. wow john sheerer dude [ __ ] absolutely hung himself. you know what i mean. for sure hung himself. 12 years ago pleasee try. my product the video professor. such a mouthful call it. something cool you know um amazing. and then [ __ ] killer mike got arrested. now he didn't get arrested. but he got a little bit arrested. right he went and w. eight grammys and they put handcuffs. on him for a little bit it's like ah just playing man. they were just trying to. remind they're just trying remind who who. boss you know okay no. no i know but we're just playing but we are the cops. though you know and there is still racism. so i'm not saying they're racist. but i'm just saying like that that's a you know. a joke you i could make right. now if i wanted to. that i did check out. creamy eirl on youtube and tik tok. uh go to my page. if you want to. purchase a 10word ad or shout out holler. christalia. um took a little bit of a break. i needed to. get some air in here but um oh man. i saw uh you know. what i did last night. i can't not i can't. not so i did but i watched. beekeeper with um first of all. beekeeper is a movie with jason. stum it sounds like it it's it's an indie film. with francis mcdorman you know you say oh yeah. we're going to watch. be beer the last thing it. sounds is a is like a uh an actionpacked which it is um movie. where there's martial arts. in it dude i love jason. stm and i guess i'm out of touch because i just seem to. me it seemed like it was going. to be i i watched. this movie i turned it. on last night david was. over this was when he was over and it was raining he was like let's beekeeper. man and i was like all right. i wasn't really in the mood. for it but let's do it. i i i expect it to. be i know a lot of these guys. are making look this is a regular jason. stm movie i understand i know a lot of these guys are going to. be doing the john wick thing. now you know you got brick. layer you got uh relentless you got uh the other one with um the other guy. just a lot of these guys. who are getting older are doing. their thing jason stm still kind of at the top. of his game and he's what 50. i don't know but um this. is just like a john wick. movie where he plays a beekeeper. this is so the way. they tried to. shoehorn beekeeper into. this regular action movie that. hadn't didn't need to. have anything to. do with beekeeping was unreal. dude it was unreal. so first of all the movie opens up. he's a beekeeper all. right doing his beekeeping and [ __ ] just keeping bees all around. and then the woman that he rents. the shed from that lives. down the way uh gets a link. to a thing that says oh you're your computer's compromis so she calls and basically gets swindled. out of $2 million. and then she kills herself. okay then she uh you know. shoots herself in the head. and dies all right and then uh jason stum. is like my be [ __ ] it i go. inside and thank her for something. or whatever give her some honey goes. over to give her some honey. or whatever i don't even remember what. it is finds her dead. body and he's like oh no. and then the fbi is already. there and say freeze what. are you doing here you find. out it's one person that's there the woman the fbi. who is the woman who is. the daughter of the lady. that just killed herself. okay so already already oh and she doesn't live there. by the way they live like somewhere. you know it look i don't know where but like it. looks like upstate new york. wherever wherever they live they. they um they find she finds him. there and so already she doesn't live there. the daughter so already first scene. i'm like why is she there. it's never explained she's just showing up. and oh my m my mom's dad. she goes and he's like i'm i'm here for you. i'm not i'm not i'm you know. i'm a good guy. i rented the shed from her. i'm a beekeeper i keep. keeping bees everywhere and i don't know. if i [ __ ] i need to. go check out my bees right. so then they're like this. this beekeeper jason stm. he's like he finds out. that she got swindled out. of money and then committed you. know pow in her head and so he goes and burns the call center. down dude he goes there. in this he looks dope. okay he's got a regular jacket and cool. pants but he has a baseball hat. on and it looks it's so weird. when he wears this baseball hat. that it's like so out of place. like it's just regular navy baseball. hat there's nothing on it. it looks like npc [ __ ] and it's on a little bit wrong and i can't explain why it's on a little bit wrong but it just is not sitting right on his head and the fact that nobody was like let's just take the hat off and wore it well over halfway through the movie and jason stm is jason st because you want to. see his shiny bald head kicking ass he had his hat on it looked like he had cake under his hat the whole time and and he walks up to. this uh call center. and these two uh um henchmen come out. and they're like you're not getting. in there no matter what and he's like yes. i am and he was like what are you. here for he's like he had two gasoline. t canisters and he says i'm gonna burn the [ __ ] place down and you're not going to. stop me and then proceeds to. go do that of course this. is a beekeeper right. so we find out. that he is a beekeeper. but the real beekeeping is there is an underground. faction that protects the world. when laws aren't good enough. and they call themselves. the hive and they're all. beekeepers from around the world. get thrust into situations. to to save people okay. so we find out. that he's a defective beekeeper. in the hive and the beekeeper. society i mean dude. finds out that he's still tr doing stuff in their name and now they go to. try and kill him. so now the evil. entity that is the um cuz there are. all these henchmen in the uh what do you call. it in the call center. like they're swindling people from all over. the world now they're going. after jason to. try and kill him. and then the beekeepers are going. after jason stm and trying to. kill him so everyone's trying. to kill jason. stm and jason stm doesn't get hit once. until the end of the movie. which is fine i don't care. action movies are action movies but the way they they kept on like they had jeremy irons in this. [ __ ] thing for some reason. and he was just like he was the guy. that came in the in the movie. that would be like where the movie. would happen and then somebody would need to. explain something and then jeremy irons would have a scene. with josh hutson and be like like well the thing. about the beekeepers is that that's the thing. about beekeepers is that they don't. stop they don't stop until a job. is done and he won't stop until the job. is done and say you he goes. up against a delta force member. that delta force member. dies because the beekeeper. is the most lethal and we just like all. right so he just can kick anyone's ass. he's [ __ ] awesome and he does what he needs to. do what he's trying to. do is take out a take out. the queen just like a real bee a real be it's like and dude the way they're shoehorn hey guys leave the bees out dude. just make an action movie just make a movie where the guy's kicking. ass and it's just like and it's called. beekeeper dude and so so i'm watching this. movie and i'm like oh this. is i guess this is going. to be the the the thing. that doesn't work for jas. stm i'm like this is just going. to be the movie where it's like not over. it'll always have a [ __ ] great career. but like this is going. to be the thing i get the next. day i wake up dude. beekeeper continues to. break jason stm's box. office record and i'm like oh i i'm i don't i don't know anymore. who's you know what always the answer. is when you when you think who's watching. that [ __ ] asians that's always the answer. it's always the answer and that's fine. it's not a racist thing. asians kind of just like action they don't give a [ __ ] they asians. will just watch like a a a a a movie. where a guy there. you know supernatural ability isn't a thing in the world. but some guy regular guy will run uh and catch up. with a plane and then jump onto. the wing as the plan's. above in the air you know. and and asians will just watch it. like oh [ __ ] and americans. would be like they can't. [ __ ] why did why didn't they set up that the world is supernatural. they have superpowers asians. don't give a [ __ ] about that. setting up world right. but anyway dude it's a huge hit congrats. to jason stm i love that. [ __ ] i thought was going to. tank but i guess it's not i don't know anything anymore. i thought barbie was going. to [ __ ] bomb i know nothing about this [ __ ] anymore my favorite thing. was they were like talking about jason. st movie and they were describing. them they have so many it's so weird. first of all there's so many parts in beekeeper. they kept introducing new people and they like hey it's my it's my you're out. of your jurisdiction it's my jurisdiction now [ __ ] face for no reason. you know and and then they described. him as like yeah he's this. big white guy. and jason st was like 5'9. i think you know s wrote it. in himself but um also wanted to. wear the hat himself. you know but um so i mean he kicked. ass in the movie. i guess it's cool the action scenes were cool. i want i got to. get ripped bro just for [ __ ] me i zone. out at the gym i was at the gym. you know what i'm working. on [ __ ] pullups i put the 45lb weight. plate on my thing i did the thing. i i got five six. of them and i know people are hating. like i put on my story and people are like dude. you're not all the way. up it's the angle. i did get all the way. up my chin's over the bar. obviously it's the [ __ ] angle but anyway um i'm so sore. now dude my biceps you know. how hard it is to. hang on one with one arm have. you tried to do. that have you ever tried to. do that guess what you can't. you can't you can't do it. hanging if you can hang from two you can do that. for like a minute if you're in real. tip toop shape dude dude hey let go with one you fall you break. your tailbone dude i've been practicing holding them. the [ __ ] like this and just lightly letting one go like i'll just let one go a little bit little bit little bit. and i was doing that. at the gym the other day. some dude came up to. me he goes hey cuz i had a towel hanging over the thing. so i was holding the towel a little bit. and then part of the the the bar. and some guy comes up. and goes hey what are you doing. and i'm like here we go. and i say oh yeah it's cuz i i've never been able. to hang from one. arm and then i'm saying it out. loud like what am i this. [ __ ] at the gym. that's just doing dumb. as [ __ ] exercises you know. you see these dudes at the gym. where they're like they got like a bosu. ball and a and a and a [ __ ] 25lb weight. on their head trying to. balance and you're like this. guy's a [ __ ] [ __ ] but he's probably going to. live to be 150 for some reason. you know and so i'm doing that. and some guy says hey what are you doing. and i like oh i can't i can't. i'm just trying to. hang from one ar i can't. hang from one arm you. know it's really hard and he's like oh really probably. helps you grip huh. i'm like yeah he's like oh and i'm like now. i feel like a [ __ ] fool. dude just a 43y old comedian. trying to hang from one. arm like that's my like i'm a monkey like that's my goal. for the what next few months. tried to get 20. pullups and i got 19. and then i stopped working out. for like eight months i'm a self sabotager dude. i really am i aim for hes i really am. a self sabotager man but i was trying. to get up dude. i'm i'm i'm i'm trying to. [ __ ] get my my my my biceps were so [ __ ] sore that i had to. carry my kids later on. and i almost dropped them. dude they were cramping so hard and i was i had little billy like this. i was like baby you. got to take them. baby you got to. tape take them dude i work out hard man. but i'm a [ __ ] i really am i wanted to. [ __ ] i was at my parents. house the other day yesterday. and the rain was happening. and i got there and my mom. was like can you dude. it's been so long since my mom. asked me to. move something because i don't because i i i go. i would go to. her house grow you know. growing up like no in my 20s. i go back to. rous she's like good i'm glad you're here. can you move there's a couch. i needed to. be i i need you know. where i needed to. be uh uh i needed to. be up upstairs can you bring the couch. upstairs and i'm like me and who dad's out. i don't know can you drag. it she stopped asking me cuz i was like yo. you always ask me. to move [ __ ] like this sucks. you know maybe that sounds bratty but here's the deal. she wanted to move stuff. just cause that's why okay that's why. all right be one thing. if it really made sense. whatever maybe i'm bad but anyway um she was like hey hey chris. can you help me. and i go it's been a while and she hasn't asked. for a while i'm like what do. you need and she's like it. shouldn't take too long. and that's the code. for it's going to. take an hour and then my dad's like i'm trying. to you know dude. it's just like i'm at the age. where my parents are just going. to my dad then just says how come i can't get your special. on my tv which is so easy. all right you can all you got to. do is airplay it that's it. that's all you got to. do is airplay it now. if you're over 55 you don't know how to. airplay okay you don't know how to. airplay so i'm like all right. well dad i'll show you. how to airpl i show. him how to. airpl he doesn't have the airpl at all. upright so i'm like well dad. you don't have it set. ight because you got you got this. on uh the sonos and it should be on the apple tv. and then this and then that and he's like oh well okay. thanks so i failed. there and uh i was just so bunched. up about everything going home what's wrong. with me i was so bunched. up going home christen was like are. you okay is everything. good i'm like yeah just and my parents. are getting older and [ __ ] and i got to. like i got thank god for the [ __ ] my kids. thank god for like the grandchildren you know. thank god for them being able. to play with them. and keeping them happy. and [ __ ] like and then i'm like oh i had calvin. too old and then billy too old. and it's like they're not going to. have kids by the time. i'm still alive and then it's like do i get to. have that happiness he's spiraling. dude he's spiraling dude. if you don't spiral you ain't. [ __ ] though man you know i got to. come home and i come home. and i'm [ __ ] now kristen heard about this. jackbox tv thing on the [ __ ] apple tv so i got to. play jackbox tv and [ __ ] let's invite you know david over and and play jackbox and and i go that's a [ __ ] i don't like games you know i'm interesting enough in my own head i don't need to. be like spin i i'll just think about the things i want. to think about i don't need to. be like okay oh what did. you get i don't need to. be like that you know. it's boring to. me so she wants to. play this one game. that's like by the by the way. like it's about ghosts. and then you die. if you get the wrong answer. and then you have to. cut your finger off. and [ __ ] and calvin's. there and i'm like we shouldn't be watching this. [ __ ] with calin here and she's like he doesn't know and he doesn't know but also the thing's like well now you have to. cut off one of your fingers. and it's saying that i'm like you know. while calvin i'm trying to. just play transformer and um and then calvin's. like oh is that you dad. d and i was like some purple. monster or some [ __ ] and i'm like yeah yeah yeah and then uh i'm like this is not good we got to. play a different one. and she's like n calvin likes it. and then later on he's like this. later on he's like kind of like this is it's kind of scary. right and i was like told you we're going. to we [ __ ] him we [ __ ] him up too late and um so anyway we played this other game which is like a a a more fun game to. me where you got to. you got to design. you gotta come up with a jackbox. tv you got to. come up with quips. and [ __ ] and i didn't really know what the game. was and i didn't really want to. play the game but you're basically a tshirt. making company and they ask you slogans. so you just write in lans. on your phone send it to. the jackbox tv and then they mix them all up and then they have now do a drawing of of that you'd like and they they mix the drawing. with they match the drawings. with the with the sayings and you vote. on them and whoever whatever shirt. gets the most votes is. the shirt that wins the competition. okay now let me tell you something. right now dude i don't like jackbox but this. is my [ __ ] wheelhouse hey you're just going to. play this make a shirt. business thing with me my wife. and her friends you're just gonna you're just gonna play make a shirt. with me dude i don't want to. but i got this all right. and dude he [ __ ] w won. now i didn't know this. but he did win he won. because they all voted for his. shirt and they knew it. was his shirt how' they know. well i bought this shirt. you can buy it afterwards. and i'm a sucker. dude after jackbox they sent. the link to the phone. and they say you can now purchase. the winning shirt and i did. you know why cuz i created. it i made it and it's a great. shirt i had the saying and i matched it. up with the right. drawings here it is for those. of you listening it's a red shirt. with four stick figures on it. and it says stop [ __ ] dude this is so ill and i maybe i could add it to. merch honestly i wonder i i don't know jackbox. tv made this shirt but this is a killer. shirt dude stop it matches up you know. because there's too many people in that. family not really there's four but man. that's a cool shirt. i'm going to wear it. i'm gna wear it on. stage on my show in [ __ ] vancouver you know wow i have two kids man. i was on the phone. with brian c the other day. and he's 57 you know. and i'm 43 and he was just like he was just like we were talking. about the rain this. was yesterday we were talking. about the rain and i was like i was i was like dude. i just ride in the rain. like i don't give a [ __ ] it's all good. like i you know i really navigate. through it really well you know like i was just telling him. we were doing our thing. you know and he was like you know. what i was thinking. of rain is uh like when um god cries it's just something. i kind of thought of you know. and i just think it's i think it's sad. you know but it's kind of like life. you know and that's why he said i look. up into the air. sometimes when it's raining and i just say i just look up. because i know god's crying. and i just say i look up. to the clouds and i just say. they're there and he started laughing. so hard because of how ridiculous he is and then the next thing. he said through his laughter. was i'm 57 dude and i i laughed i laughed so hard. because dude the [ __ ] just doesn't stop dude. life keeps going that's why. we say life rips dude. and the humor will take. us to a place. and that's beautiful man godamn dude. they're there they're there god um yeah stop [ __ ] i wish that's what we could call the the the um what do you call it. the episode but we can't i should start. wearing this shirt i'm going. to put it on now. no put on now i'll put it on now. i want see if it fits actually it just came in the mail. that's what kristen gave it. to me look at beef. you i'm my my tattoos dude. that's crazy i got a lot. of tattoos i'm getting more you think that's it. it's not it oh man. this shirt was it made a burlap here. we go i got to. wear it does it. fit they only had large it. fits all right cool i don't look good in red. my mommy said i look. good in red once though. dude my mom says i look good in red. and olive she's like you know. not many people could wear that a man. the stuff that [ __ ] mom's make you. feel good about sometimes is just fantastic. you know and then and then they can just make you feel. like [ __ ] too can't they hear it. isn't it crazy mixed signal city. dude when you're a kid. hey when you're a kid. you get so many mixed. signals and you don't even. know how to deal. with a non mix signal hey god that's not fair. hey what the heck. dude how am i supposed. to deal with a mixed. signal when i can't even deal. with a signal hey god i'm six hey god what the heck. this mix signal happened when i was seven and i'm going. to be 50 someday and it's going. to be a tape. that plays in my head subconsciously every single day. and it's going to. uproot my life from the. belly up oh come on god. make my brain completely functional before i'm born. right right cuz it's unfair. dude and then you have kids. and you see your kids. and you're like i can't give them. mix signals but then he's like oh. can i you know can i poop on. the floor and you're like well no you want. a kneejerk reaction but you go well h. you know you don't want to. [ __ ] shame him you know you go well maybe i i don't know but you do know so you're lying i don't know let's look for a better. place you're lying our parents all [ __ ] us up and guess what it's not their fault wow dude he's so deep and he didn't mean to. be but it's not their fault. it's nobody's fault right. something needs to. be people's fault that's why. people get so [ __ ] angry. dude you know i don't know but i guess that could be it. you know sign up for the patreon. patreon dot com christalia we love it. if you do you help. the podcast stay uh afloat. without the patreon this. podcast wouldn't exist so i appreciate you. and go get that extra episode. uh for this month how many months. have we done this. so far it's been 3. years 3 years almost 3 years. so there's 36 episodes. that you can go unlock if you the patreon. patreon dot com chris leia and go see me. on the road i'll be wearing the stop [ __ ] shirt in vancouver. uh probably won't be but uh go check chris. le dot com for [music]. tickets [music] [ __ ] 