 [music] runk hello. hello hello [music] h i used. to list that in my car. i used to. like it dude i used to. like it you still like it. i i do yeah but i us. that soundtrack was a banger. it was a really good soundtrack. yeah surprised you liked it. you don't like any music. what other movies is that. song in pulp fiction was. the song i want to. know what other definitely one. of those movies like a bugs. life that ripped off that. ripped off you definitely dick. dale say s wordss so yeah. so welcome to. lifeline thank you very. much sign on up for a patreon. lifeline dot com i'm sorry. patreon dot com lifeline that's where you see the live shows. that's where you see. lifeline luxury we do extra episodes. of lifeline we do lifeline. luxury we do at least two three a month. um so uh at least three a month. you you still say two and that. pisses me off i want to. do what i want to. do we've grown it we've grown it we've expanded it used to. be two now it's three you get three episodes. a month at least at patreon dot com. lifeand luxury it's happy. birthday sinbad and synbad is one of my favorite comedians. and actors we love sbad um yeah. i'll be in bismar. i'll be in uh what's the other one. um sou falls go. to chia dot com. and irvine i have got shows. and get tickets to. the live lifeline show in oxar california uh chris dot com. uh december 5th yeah so there. we go what is happening. baby a fation why is so what is he dick. dale what what else does he what. what what other um oh say. thing movie is it in that's not in other movies. that's what mak's saying isn't that the name. of that song yes but oh i mean. not what we're not what we're talking. about but it's only you can't use that song. after pulp fiction you know. definitely people did in. a bug's life or something. yeah a bug's life may. be ants you know with a z. right uh b movie missu it's called. what is that miseru i don't know. how it's called myer don't. make me have to. ask that twice though right. and then matt once wow there's so much text. on this who would read. all of that about song. that's crazy oh it just was getting. to the part where it was. where it was telling us. and then you went out. the internet has everything dude. and now with ai. it has everything you can because whatever it doesn't have you. can create it also who who is still. looking for this um me. it's you of course it. is you could tell by the way. we searching yeah that's true. but it's so boring that it. doesn't matter just skip. it right oh yeah it's true. we're be like oh it was in singles. oh there isn't there isn't there is some stuff. that i want to. be on the internet that. isn't there's a show from the 80s. called jennifer slept here and it is not online. anywhere and i'm pissed also you can't watch uh what was the name of that show. uh the one with thomas hayden. church and deor messing uh oh wings no no no no wis that. was sick and that's available and i've watched it. what was it it ned. and stacy ned and stacy. that show's not on 2005. or something no 1990s for it. was before will and grace. deorah was on a hit show before. will and grace is. that really 93 95 what does. it say okay i didn't know about this. i did yeah but i didn't know. it before funny dude. i found the pilot on. uh youtube and then there's like random. episodes but it's not streaming. anywhere there's like a big h. show things you know what's not streaming. or at least last time. i checked the office british. oh that's weird what wasn't streaming. anywhere what the when i checked it. has you know they come back. they come back and forth. yeah sure yeah um the movie old boy. couldn't get it oh you told me. that yeah uh can now but um anyway yeah so that that that that is weird. when you can't find anything. right how how times have changed well. dude you used to. literally i mean it's just nuts. in our lifetime to. get something to watch. you had to go to. a store to. rent a physical copy of it. before that you had to. go hire the actors before film. let me hire actors let me really trip you out. though people don't even think about this. but it's true movies before. vhs was even a thing. movies people made them knowing knowing that the audience. was very likely only going. to see it one. time because it was in theaters. and then it went away. and then it was never to. be seen again for all. of cinema history until vhs and the intent. behind the that matters because now filmmakers make movies so that you can not only. watch them over and over if you want but rewind right. away go back pause it. go to the bathroom. come back it's so different. think about how much that affects the way. movies are made not just watching them. wow it's crazy right that's why when you watch an old movie. and you're like oh they messed up. there it's like no they didn't they didn't care. they just thought no one. was going to see it. and even if they did what. are you going to. do stop the whole theater hey in the projection. room go back 10 seconds i could have sworn. i saw the boom yeah. it's done the moment's over. and you're never going to. see it again wow. crazy right that's pretty much. a mindblowing fact and um it's too. early to have a mindblowing. fact in the episode i say that. later instead minds and if you want to. have blinds blinds minds. blown blind you stick with me. okay thank you very worst. worst president so um stick with me. you want your mind blown. you stick with me kid. both for me so uh yeah. guess what but i do you remember four. years ago my jaw i got um uh what do. you call it lock jaw uh yeah. the what do they call. it tm uh oh tmj whatever that is tj maxx i got tj maxx right. my jaw i got it. right and uh first of all do you remember yet. that i got it or no. what do you mean. do i remember yet does this. do you remember i got oh you do you already. remember okay i was going. to describe it in further um i went to. the dentist uh he made me. a a thing to. sleep in you didn't know about this. or did you i don't i don't think you probably. did but whatever anyway um sl. slept with it and he's like eventually. your jaw will unhinge it'll be fine. and you okay that didn't work. oh try went on online. looked at youtube videos. and how to. you know hacks i was like these are probably. terrible for my body but i'm going. to try them anyway put a pencil way. back there oh my god smash. my didn't work nothing worked okay. a pencil that's what they say. to get the pencil back there. and then it gets you here gets you right. here get the pencil back. there and then you push this. and this way it'll like kind of unhook. you know didn't work so now uh i it's it's been four. four almost yeah four years. four years kind of forgot. about it i mean. it's still there i can't. open my mouth as much as i used to. but i guess it's just going. to be like okay it's basically the 1400s. and there's no doctors and i can just this. is how it was back. then life now yeah yeah so fine. uh i go to. sleep two nights ago. i have a crazy dream. uh i mean i was on stage. stage under a blanket. and people uh hiding on stage. from olivia rodriguez is that a a singer. olia rodrigo okay why were you hiding from her. at her concert what she was. singing okay and i was like and and and people were looking for me. i needed certain people to. find me but not her. you were on stage under a blanket. under people you should have been elsewhere if you were hiding. from a dream it. seemed like a good logical place. to go in a dream. logic is out the window. okay she just left the arena. but okay in the the thing. i'm peeking through the the blanket. and i see people rushing like oh i wish they knew i was here. so they could help you know. but she's singing right. there i don't want to. dma and i i'm tired because i'm. laying down on the on the i'm also asleep but i don't know that. in the dream yeah no no i'm asleep. in real life uhhuh and i'm laying down. in under the thing. in the dream okay. but i'm i'm i'm tired un in the dream. in the dream i'm like man. i've been laying down for so long. so your life is in jeopardy. and you're scared out of your mind. you're tired and going to. fall asleep okay in the meantime. she's just like women or whatever. the [ __ ] she sings. right worst song ever and and so i it gets so tired. that i yawn oh. mistake dude what a mistake. okay uh and i'm stretching as i yawn. okay have you ever done. that yeah of course it. makes your jaw do this. weird thing where it's like yes. it shakes [ __ ] yeah you know it i didn't know you'd know it so it starts shaking my jaw starts. shaking unlocks uhhuh in the dream. only unlocks as i wake up. my jaw unlocks and i go. oh my gosh mhm four. years in the making i have this. dream boom my jaws back to. normal four years you. got to go online. present your hack have a dream. about olivia rgo and you're hiding. from her on stage and you have you're tired. from laying much inception. the worst it's like we we got them. have this dream we got the dream. where olivia's is singing and you're hiding. from her yes if you have tmj. come you know and that's crazy. yeah and but how crazy is that it's now. it's better now it's better. that's really wild and you know. what it happened i think it. happened because well you don't know. what you know of course not but i my thing. was i wasn't sleeping right. i was it was very stressed in that time. of my life we you know. four years ago. i was like completely going. through it i thought my life was over um so i think that that happened because of stress so when i woke up during the dream. i go am my jaw. unlocked and i and i literally go i i i i say. i'm not canceled anymore. oh my god yeah well i mean. cuz your jaw yeah i guess. that's it's a little different yeah. i woke up and i told kristen and she was proud of me. proud of you she was like yeah. you know what that's right. that does mean that. it's symbolic i was like oh nice dude. you really uh all good doesn't seem bad. my jaw's good how weird though. baby steps you know. uh good for you man. i'm g to. get a movie offer soon. because of that that's great. dude good for you good. for your jaw bad boy. six army hammer's doing a movie what. is he he's a guy. an actor what's he doing a movie. i don't know i just saw the headie. you know what i think he's doing. a movie with actually i think he's in a movie. with kevin spacy no way. i think so oh i'm not sure. i might have made that up. i'll see that so fast. but uh yeah yeah this is jennifer slep here. this is the show it's on youtube. but here's the problem it's so low. res that you can't even watch it. anymore so wait what is this. so the idea for this. show oh it's a show is this. woman she was a big. big famous celebrity in this house. she lived in this house and she died. young okay and the people that live there. now they move in they're just like out. of out of they don't. live in la they they they're from out. of town they come to. live in la they live in this. house the house is like this. uh on a star. tours like there's a legendary famous. actress died in this. house uh jennifer's house. and the it's like this normal. family and they live with among the. the ghost of jennifer wow the famous. person she she's and she's like you can't. move that that's my couch. that you know errol flynn. [ __ ] poured champagne on or whatever and i think only the sun can see her oh wow at first but seems pretty bad. the woman in it. is the woman that is trying. to sleep with michael keaton in mr. mom to get him away. from terry gar wow. of course it is lot. of sleeping in her r. and jillian or something. like that uh all right. well anyway i know things at some point. but i know things that are both. valuable i know things that are both. not valuable i know things. about pop culture i know. things about history i know things about world. history i know things about individual. history at a carnival barking. out a carnival i know about candy. i know about other things too. okay what do we got next so uh that. go on over to lifeline luxury. patreon dot com luxury. uh but right now let's get into. it hey man chris bit of a situation. here so i'm 28. years old and it took me that long to. realize that my mustache is. not symmetrical it actually only connects on this. side and not this side. and a bit of a problem. because i kind of hate when mustaches don't connect to. beards and i've apparently been lying. to myself my whole life. yeah and what theck do. i do do i shave the bottom of this. side like i have sc. a littleit you can see do i leave it. asymmetrical um i feel like my face. looks a lot better when it's symmetrical um or do i pencil in the other side. maybe oh my god bring it down. get it to. pay on um yeah i don't know help. me out uh chris saw you in detroit. great show thanks dude. um my fiance wouldn't stop talking to. you about how she was in slp because of calvin. and i didn't get to. say anything to. you so and yeah mat. you're pretty cool okay bye oh what. oh cute that was cute. did at the end dude. i used to. my used to. have the same problem just get older. yeah but here's the other thing. but i used to. have the same problem it. didn't connect here and and it. did connect here and now. it does you see it's still a little bit. yeah anyway think about this. i look great the reason. you didn't like it is. because subconsciously you knew that. your beard didn't connect either. now the key to. all of this what he said. i don't like i don't like that. he said what so we're going. to start with that all right. but i still don't know. but we're going to. start with that fine i don't give a [ __ ] if you don't like it i'm going to. start from there okay so we're starting with i don't like that. you ask me what fine. okay that does nothing for me. it does something for me. though what i'm now more at peace. with it than i was before. i said that cuz okay. well i'm even more at peace. than you are got it. off don't give a [ __ ] at greater peace. than you because i did that. a monk all right uh uh so what i'm saying is he said it. pitches him off that he realized it. doesn't connect because he hates. when beards don't connect. okay and what i'm saying. is subconsciously he knew that. his beard didn't connect and he hated that. about himself so he projected. that out onto the world. i'm saying to this. guy now you got an ally. realize that that's what was going. on this whole time. be at peace with yourself. like i am when i told my brother. i don't like that he said. what and more at peace. and then it won't be is it. won't even be an issue. in the first place you won't have to. pencil it in or worry. about shaving it here. you'll be at peace. with yourself in your stupid [ __ ] ugly. ass beard dick so why. don't you just shave your whole. beard also you honestly the beard. it looked good on him. don't you think it's okay. you know what you know. what's interesting i got pissed. that um one of our producer. sneezed while i was talking yeah. how about he did it. off mic but still how about that though. um what am i supposed. to do well you're not talking to. them now you're not talking to. the mic you're supposed. to not sneeze yeah yeah. hold it do this. hey this works so i think that um i think this. has never worked for anybody in history ohana. absolutely destroy me no you. know what works this for real. matt matt what this works. no it doesn't it works. every single time for me. but well you know what would work. better this cuz what this. is what's better this. what this is accomplishing is you're not. letting more air go in and tickle. your nose hair so you have to. sneeze again what really happens the best the best fix that's not what it is that's not what it is a magician that's not what it is that's actually not what it is what it is no it's not you're pushing up against the sensitivity and it's making it overwhelming so the sensitivity of the nose hairs is getting overwhelmed by the pushing in in the hitler. mustache area i'm interested so now. you what do you do. you where do you push in the hitler. mustache area the top of the hitler. mustach so what you're doing. when you do this is pushing. toward your face correct oh nobody ever. told me that i thought it. was i thought you were holding your finger. here so air no no no no no no. you've got to. push oh the push is oh my god and we push and we don't sneeze. and we push and we don't sneeze. that's really really good wow. yeah it works dude. good for me and it's awesome. anyway next time good for me. anyway your beard looks fine. just confront your own issues. about yourself and you'll be okay yeah okay. now next russian transplant at 7eleven. what do you have to. say everything in my life. is going wrong everything if it can go. wrong and all it's going. wrong wow for like the last pause. it tom cruz n months. how much is he he's totally perfectly. hiding bread under his hat. which he's clearly trying place. okay so not everything go ahead. okay okay now i'm pissed now. i'm pissed in my life. is going wrong the way. he leans in and says it. is amazing if it can go. wrong like it's a secret at all. it's going wrong for like the last 9. months anything that's gone right about this. much something wrong the opening. monolog this what's his not only. one time but 5 10. 15 times so dus long movie. what the [ __ ] do i do it's hard. to stay hopeful. and positive and motivated. okay love you guys the end. he got shot with a bow and arrow. what was in his hand. it looked like he was holding. a a window washer. in his in his right. hand everything goes wrong. and i don't know what to. do anyway love you guys. dude sometimes life is it. comes in streaks man dog just is on. his shin okay oh wait gets the reported. all right i'm just saying back. to russia anyway so it happens. in streaks dude you got bad. streaks you got good streaks. 9 months is a long. time for a bad streak. but all that means is it's more. likely to come to an end because it's already. gone on for so long. know that the end is in sight it's going. to come and then things are going. to turn and then suddenly one thing. two thing then three things and suddenly you're on a good. streak okay so just wait it out. you seem to be doing good. you're clearly able to. keep a sensey hear. him about it you're clearly able. to hide bread under your hat. successfully um yeah just dress different i thought he was dressed fine i mean he had no undershirt on with a chain you know it's russian but yeah but i mean that's the style sir monclair new jersey yeah it is look at him wow everything in my life also the way he says everything is wrong everything in my life the way the way he leaned in and did it like it's a secret is amazing i mean did it at the at the the liquor store you know yeah what was anyway going to. get some drinks i want to. know so bad what he had in his right. what okay all right next. next one what's up. guys your show's great. fantastic brother banter wonderful question. is parenting and uh bloody guts. take away the magic i guess. so halloween's about to. come my son asked. last night if the witch was real and we're talking about the switch. witch i don't know if you guys do this. where we take all of his halloween. candy and steal it and then give him. a toy and then the the morning. his katie's gone and he has a new toy hence. the switch witch so last night. he goes are you guys the witch and we go what are you. talking about anyway so he's 8 years. old and now he does. not believe in the switch. witch or the easter. bunny he didn't bring up. santa so we'll see about that. one uh what age you guys. tell them oh then he was like tell me the truth. and then in that moment. do you have to. all right what do you guys. think thanks for show i what a great. question i think when the kid is finally like look i know. it is a lie now. please just tell me that. is when you have to. say all right man. it's not a lie we did. it for fun and it's always been fun. and we love you. and we like the magic of it. all the spirit of halloween. the spirit of christmas. is you know you don't have to. be like there's no santa. b and then right but i can speak firsthand. to this when you know and your parents. just won't admit it. it's it's very actually like destabilizing it. cuz you're just like what the [ __ ] dad tell me it's not real. i know it's not why. are you lying i will say that. was not disabil ising for me. but i will say it was beyond. when you know and they were still saying. it was beyond that. mom told me there was no. santa and then dad tried to. retell me there was a there. was a santa really how old were you i mean. old at this point i was old i was like 13 oh my god dad. was like you so cuz there is a santa. and i was like wow dad. what is what is up. with you you you didn't even know. i knew you wanted that. so santa left that. so he must have he must have maybe santa. knew right so there's a santa. dad yeah give it up. well i still believe so i'm only 44. but i i i yeah mom said i remember we were in new jersey. i guess i was 12. we were in new jersey. 12 was like come on mom. was like well you know daddy and uh mommy are the guy. are the ones who put the the thing. for the tooth fairy and the and you know. and what about santa. she's yeah it's all the same. you know and then and then the next year. my dad tried to. reintroduce that there actually is s santa. wow oh yeah 100% wow dad naughty naughty. on christmas of all days being naughty. y uh yeah so i how [ __ ] hilarious is that that's really funny if your 8yearold comes i started killing. people and is like i know it's a maybe it's early. but 8 i don't know. 8 isn't that it's not. that early i mean it's around. the time that starts at least. though yeah you know i think i think it's good. to be honest at that. at that point god. you only have a few years. of that huh yeah very very not. long yeah interesting right. cu i'm not going to. want to give that up. either uh yeah you probably won't but you should when it's time. i get it when they come to. you dude that's the time. you or you could just be like this. oh what was that and then run away. and never never come back. no no come back like. i forgot what we were. talking about but anyway want. some pakes oh my come back. when they're 18 died oh. died and then came back to. life sitting here in the kitchen. early as [ __ ] in the morning. feeding the kids and a thought came to. me i need some advices. the other day my mother. came over to watch the kids. and she was like you know. pardon me well i you know. i don't know my way. around the kitchen for stuff. or whatever and then while i was driving. to work i was thinking. you know how well should you know. somebody else's house like you know you know where the bedrooms. are and that they're there. and how many and you know. where the bathroom is and where the trash. can is probably at like your brother's house. mother's house or whatever but like how well what's the level. of weirdness or allowability. of like knowing where [ __ ] is in somebody's house. it got me all. [ __ ] up when i was driving to. work anyway what do you think uh love the show. love super good been a fan. since super sch uh can't say it. but super sch you know. what i mean love you. guys true baby for life. nice uh that's a good question. that's really hard to. answer though what the dog. pissed again wow the dog. the studio dog tina just goes. you know i loose you know why i know that because i know this place. well enough that that's where the dog. pisses and that's what this. guy's talking about me too. i realized it quickly before. you you said what what. i told no no that is not true. you i knew because i knew all right. so let's answer the question. but so i think that you should i i don't think there's any weirdness. ever unless you're like this. is where your wife keeps your panties. but even that's kind of obvious. because the panty drawer is the panty. drawer panty you know. yeah but i'm just saying like there's no there's no it's not. weird you the forks pretty much. are in the where the forks. are in the kitchen. if they're not in the one. you open they're in the next. one you open if they're not in the next. one they're definitely in the next. one if you are looking at four. five draws you're just a plain. idiot you know where the garbage. supposal is it's right in the sink. you know where the trash. can is because you look you. just look oh there it. is or it's under the sink. i mean correct me. if i'm wrong here snack. cabinet it's the biggest one where is. it am i wrong correct. me if i'm wrong maybe maybe where's the bread. probably on the counter. somewhere under one of those things. bread boxes now what you're saying. i generally agree with but you can't. tell tell me you've never been to. a house and looked for a thing. and been like well i know. where these things are generally not found it. in one place then be like oh it's got to. be there not found it there. not found it there then you're like wait. what the [ __ ] why do people do the houses. so differently why why. are you sing i've never been. to a house no i will be if that happen. that has happened if that happens. i leave the house i never come back. in the middle of a sandwich. i'm looking for i'm. looking for a knife. can't find it i go. home if i open four drawers i go home. i mean if half made the flip. side of this question is. if somebody came to my house. and knew where everything. was automatically i wouldn't even be like that. weirded out i would only be impressed. i would only be impressed. i'd be like whoa dude. good job well you're like sherlock. holmes or i would feel like i did. it all right i'd be like oh dude. i must put things in the right. place cuz people just knew where shit's supposed. to be egotistical you know. i'm doing it right. egotistical so yeah i don't know. if there is a level that is weird. whether it's the only thing that's weird. is like how dumb are you. to think like the the knives. are in the [ __ ] bedroom closet. come yeah man nobody's doing that. that's what i'm saying like the only only if you're like the most. idiotic guess would make me. feel weird yeah everything. else it's all good do you. think if we asked dad. if there was a santa now dude that's good question. i bet well at least a part. of him would want to. say yes but i bet. he would try to. convince us that there's some kind of idea. that santa is real no. tell you exactly what he would do. what and i know so i know this so much. that when i'm done you're just going. to agree cuz it's just true. i'm i'm with you he wouldn't try. to convince us that there. is a santa he would just answer. in a way that obfuscates and doesn't get right. on the nose that there is no. santa he just would leave. room for the possibility that there. is based on the way. he answers yeah so dad. we got you we got you. pegged and we know your game. and that's the way it's going. to dad's unbelievable with that. stuff man yeah how far is it. it's on the right. yeah it's unbelievable dude. how far is it. i've been there yeah huh. oh good how far is. it it's up there dude. it's unbelievable have youve been there. before it's on the right. yeah it's like there's a bag. of possible answers to. possible me about yeah and he just reaches. in and grabs in his mind. any answer it's unbelievable any question. yeah that could be asked. instead of the one. you asked yeah crazy. and poor mom imagine dealing with. that for they 78. years they're over 100 years. old i loved getting into. those conversations with dad. though yeah it's hilarious. just being like what the [ __ ] yeah i mean he he never didn't do. it too he the things dad. does now he's done. 5 years ago 10. years ago 20 years. ago he's done since as early. as i can remember nobody's more consistently. [ __ ] do it different than that i've never met somebody. who does that before. whatever that is in a way. it's kind of what like that it. it's kind of what like those. john cetes movies did or or like where people. were just talking and [ __ ] and you're like that's not what they're talking about or like uh uh uh uh vince vaugh and jim. favro and maid made up made up. a guy john frro yeah yeah john frro. it's like it's so weird. it's like double talking on almost kind of in a way. but not really what i think it. is is that i mean. it's it's like the way people talk. in those movies but people talk those movies talk. the way they talk in those movies. because it's a reflection of how people really talk whereas most movies. everything's very ordered and right. nobody's listening to. each other in their life exactly. and i think that someone like dad. likes that life is like that. yes and is embracing it. by just right almost consciously. doing that yeah and and and making it. extra sort of ridiculous yeah cuz it already. is ridiculous and it's fun. to be that way. so he just goes with it. have you ever seen arachnophobia. i like jeff daniels right. yeah unbelievable dude yeah yeah yeah yeah okay next one how's the godfather. 3 the first one best big. fan of the podcast you guys. keep me from going insane. but i kind of got a dilemma. right now wonder you help. me assassin my dad recently sold his place. to move in with his brother. my uncle yeah that's how that works. and he said if it doesn't work out. if he could then move in with me. my wife and my my child. so we've only had this house. for 3 months saved a very long time. to get this house yeah good for you. um prior to us getting. in the house though we asked them. several times times if he want to. move in with us if so then he could help. us with making a down. payment for a house i'm so house. wow um said no each time. we asked him now that. i have a house. he asked me if he could then move in unbel so great. wow my uncle that's so funny. um i don't want my dad. to be homeless if it doesn't work out. with him too [ __ ] bad is what i say. but also now it's kind of too. late we don't have enough. room in our house and we don't have enough. money to support him. either course um let me know what you guys. have any helps life issue. dude i just i just don't know what to. do i'm kind of kind of stuck. here thanks what a real. life issue dude let's start. with the already happened already is the casee before. we tell you how to. move forward first of all. your dad is a king [ __ ] of the world. your dad is a such a big. [ __ ] [ __ ] it's hard to. even like probably not going. to like that you said. that it doesn't matter dude. telling it like it is your dad. is a [ __ ] so dick [ __ ] so hardcore it's just unbelievable. how big of an [ __ ] your dad. is he is a king [ __ ] emperor [ __ ] this guy [ __ ] you were asking him over and over again dad if you want you could live with us right let's pull our money together get an even bigger house so all of us can live comfortably that's cheap dad says no well i want to. know what it let me just let me just do. this dad says no okay. fine saves up saves up. saves up him and his wife and his kid. finally get to buy a house. it's not big barely fits. just the three of him. but it's good enough and it is a house. and that's all that matters. they buy it 3. weeks after that happens dad sells his. own house wow or three months. maybe but max three. months three months and then he comes to. him with this [ __ ] what but here what a [ __ ] [ __ ] boundaries right i i don't like the word boundaries i don't like when people are like my boundaries because they always overshare their boundaries but this is definitely a boundary situation okay unbeliev i think that i'm mad for him here's some advices well no i want to. know what i want to. know is what i want to. know is what does it mean. if it doesn't work out when i live with my brother. it means i'm happy you. guys bought a house. without my money so now that. can [ __ ] mooch off you when this inevitably doesn't [ __ ] work out. but no no i understand. but what is not working. out living with your brother it's just annoying. no [ __ ] it is annoying because you you want to. not live with your brother. you want to. live on your own. you're 50 or whatever the [ __ ] old you are 60. so you eat that. you do it anyway. you don't move into. your son after you said no. don't worry about me i'm not. helping i think i'm assuming what it. meant is if the uncle ends. up not okay with it. if if my brother ends up. not ultimately being oh i thought he already was in with the uncle. i don't know oh whatever. either way what i took it as as if longer term. my brother realizes yeah it's terrible. dude also you're his son. the opposite that should not be how it works. like if dad or mom did. that to us we would have to. be like okay but it would s we'd be like that. sucks we we asked them. if they wanted to. before we bought the house. and now we bought the house. we don't have enough. room oh man how mad is his wife. also he did end up selling. his house he could have had enough money to. go in and also it sucks. for yeah his wife oh my oh my god dude. god honestly have your wife answer. to your dad no. [ __ ] you get out of here. yeah you could also i mean go perfectly. like if if this happened to. my to kristen's mom. or dad or whatever i like them. and you know but this isn't about that. but if that do with you i know. i know i would say oh use me. as an excuse say i yeah. so maybe your wife is down. with you yeah get your your wife is the ticket. here damn that's that is aggravating. damn [ __ ] that [ __ ] your dad dude okay [ __ ] your father you know he's a king [ __ ] okay next one okay hi guys this is shannon and my daughter b oh we're both babies i do have an interesting one for you today that little my mom and i don't say i love you to. each other your mom and um wow obviously we do. love each other very much. that's not obvious we've just never been. that way we don't casually say. it like you hang up. just never done it and um she's an amazing. woman she's very strong she raised. me herself um but she's also ir. is so she doesn't like love to. talk about her feelings oh yeah. i get it say no. more it's just always been unspoken. with us that we love each other. uh all that being said my husband. and i say it to. each other constantly every day. um say it to. her daughter constantly every day. so as she grows up. i'm starting to. wonder mh is she going. to be confused as to. why mom and grandma. don't say it but we all say it. and um you know there's million ways. you can screw up your kids. so i guess i'm just wondering what you think about that. and if i shouldn't start. saying it to. my mom or like is. that so weird to. start saying it up. bl sounds dumb but like. i don't want to. make her uncomfortable yeah please let me. know here and also please do lifeline. live in boston and please offer vip. because it's a dream of mine. to meet you both. a okay thank you very. much love you bye look. at that baby dude. so cute look at her. eyes uh i think i said look at her. eyes before you did okay. well you always say look. at the person's eyes that. left of thing so you said it. this time and i'm just letting you know. so now that i'm doing it. that i said it first. but now that i'm doing it. really means something see what. happens i think here's what happens. when you have kids okay. you start realizing how [ __ ] up your parents are and what you don't have because you're like oh wait why didn't my parents do this it seems so obvious to. you but it wasn't to. your parents because they're a different person. and your kids are going. to think about you but um so you know. i'm glad that you're breaking. the cycle and telling your daughter. you know how much you love. her and all that [ __ ] every day uh but it's just like this. is exactly what happens. when you have kids it. makes you realize things about you and it it. it invites you to. think about things that you need to. now uh take control of or uh you know. re uh rethink of your of your life. of your life so yeah i think that it. is something you should think about doing. talking about this with your mom. because you're going to. be around a lot longer. than she is it's on your mind. if it's not on hers she's your mom. she's still got to take care. of you in a way. so it is something to. bring up if you want. to bring it up. i mean i i i think that that's exactly. one of the reasons why kids make you they make you think of that. having them yeah i think definitely bring it. up with your mom not. like hey hey mom what's wrong. with you why did you never say. you love me just be like hey i love you. but i never say it. and i realize we never say. it in general it's less about why is that and is there a reason. for that and let's dig. deep but like don't you think maybe we should start. saying it i've realize this. because my relationship with my own daughter. she can't even talk yet. she doesn't know what i'm saying. yet but i'm telling her. i love her and it's made me think about our. relationship and i think we should start. saying it to. each other that yeah it's all. about just moving forward what. if your mom's like like every day. every time we hang up the phone. i let you hang up. first and i say i love you. to the dial tone you. know you don't know poetry i mean. that doesn't happen obviously because that's not. what happens because it could be no. because by then she by then she would have said hey sweetie wait. don't hang up i've something. else to say and that. is yeah no cuz she lets. it do cuz she's too insecure. to say oh she does it. on purpose on purpose got. it got it got it. you hang up and she goes. i love you i love. you yeah it could be and dude. i um yeah that's that's uh you know. what a bummer yeah i i don't know. i mean you seem like a well adjusted cool. person but i mean what the [ __ ] do i know but like you know that's nice that you're you're you're saying it to. your i mean how could you not love. a little baby like that. doesn't have to. be a bummer you could start. saying it now be beau. no i'm saying it's a bummer. between you and your mom i know. if it is but but you could start saying it now. and it wouldn't be a bummer. all right sure it's just you know. it's it's yeah what wow. real life issues huh. real life issues yeah i say i love you to. my kids so much i can't even believe it. i think that it's probably annoys them. maybe cut it out a little bit. tone it down what if my now. future calvin and billy call into. a show lifeline whoever the post start then when they're older they're like hey man my dad told me he love me too much. i never said it to. my kids hey my dad. told me he loves me. too much now i'm a serial killer. because of that yeah i'm on the run. i don't know yeah it's interesting. how kids do that. though do what they make you think of things. about about your childhood. oh yeah so crazy. dude sometimes i'm sitting with it's mostly calvin. because calvin's older and and and i remember kind of myself. you remember [ __ ] at billy age. so sometimes i'm just like holding calvin. and i feel not only like uh me. but i also feel like and i have nothing to. compare to to. cuz i'm not him but i also feel like dad. to me and what what what. what i feel like dad i feel like i'm the dad. now and then i feel i imagine myself as dad. okay our dad and then calvin. also another version of me. and that's when i have to. sit down dude because it's really weird. when i get when i start feeling that way. um and i and then i i snap back. and i look at calvin as calvin. and then me also as me and then i can also feel what it. was like when i was calvin's. age me as calvin's. age it's it's the hardest thing to. describe and it's the most wild. most wildest feeling in my life. uh but yeah it's just it's just it's just crazy. that's that's the wildest feeling. you ever had i think so cuz when i when i when i cuz when i imagine our parents. passing right like it's going. to be sad. of course and then i think about oh at least i still have. my family you know what i'm saying. it's not like my whole family. is passed away my family. of origin has passed so i have now. my own family and not that. i transfer that love to. that all the love is. all the love but it just that. support and that love feels. like it can hold me. down and i think about like people. who then don't have kids. and are really close. with their parents and then their parents pass. like what the [ __ ] do they do party. it up d dmx [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] you know what i'm saying oh [ __ ] mom and dad are dead gonna make me lose my mind up in here with the casket yep with the paul bears yeah yeah dude anyway crazy man life huh didn't mean to. get too deep life huh. you said that was the weird. craziest feeling have you ever. have you ever busted a nut. on ecstasy cuz that's up. there too did you bust. out on ecstasy what have you have i yeah. no i was kidding oh. so judging me so hard. i never busted a nut. on ecstasy or anything. i've actually never been on ecstasy. so that's the only reason. i haven't busted a n it you know. i bet if i did ecstasy. i would be really trying. to bust us somewhere though. that's what they say. about ecstasy i heard about. this what i'm coming. to busting i think it's a i think it's an urban legend that it people say oh it ruins. sex you got to. be careful can that. be true no that can't be right. no okay next next so [ __ ] sure someway hey k and matt i am calling on behalf. of a friend because she's too shy. but she is looking for advices. for you guys tell me. about her um she is somebody who uh her. job is to. work with colleges. in her area and she does. these trainings where she's training. them on how to. use uh their software um but she is running. into a problem where she is getting. hit on in the middle. of these trainings and jesus. christ she is too modest she doesn't she's an attractive. lady she won't say she is but she is um she needs. something funny to. say in that moment because you know she wants to. keep it professional but she just does. not know how to. handle these situations when she is. just so blatantly getting. hit on during these trainings any advices. for her would be much appreciated. love you guys thank you. i wonder i mean the more overt. they are about hitting on. her the better it would be to. sort of clap back. but that's tough because you're still at the end. of the day in a work. setting yeah i don't think you need to. be funny i think it's like you got all the power. in the world if that happens. so what would you suggest. uh for instance like obviously we don't have any specific well she probably doesn't want she's modest she probably doesn't want to. be in an uncomfortable situation. that's what i'm saying like you don't want. to make this so [ __ ] weird uh unless the person's so super overt wear a wedding wear a ring to. i'm married oh [ __ ] like you always say that. and that's i never think such a a uh what do. you call it nobrainer. yeah i maybe you don't want to. wear a ring you don't want to. lie or what if what if you do see. a guy that you like and you meet you're like oh [ __ ] you got to. take your ring off it's like yeah. so um yeah i don't know. i but i think that you could do. that and like trying to. think of something funny is not is is. just not going to. work on a guy guys are they're just going. to be like um you want. good ruth's chris they could they could be taking even even a joke. as as an invitation for more. too that's what i'm saying. yeah like oh you're and she's funny. right right dude it's like yeah yeah geez. god guys are so dumb. you want to. go to il foro about this. kind of [ __ ] il foro wow. i'll get the risoto it's got such good risoto. dude oh the risoto. is bomb at el forio the m the mushroom. the saffron mushroom risoto. dude yo what you're married. oh man i didn't see your ring. okay fine damn i guess. uh walking back to. class cuz she's out of college. i guess uh wear a ring that's a good. idea i always think that's good. because it's like it's so what guys. do are so annoying it's so annoying. when that happens it's fine. look it's hard to. hit on a a woman if you're a single guy. it's hard you just there's a lot. at stake you don't want to. [ __ ] be embarrassed you i'd get it uh so when a guy does it you don't owe him anything but it's like oh it's it's a it's sweet. unless he's a dick. about it right. so the hard thing for you is declining. so we each have our [ __ ] that we have to. deal with but uh that's annoying. yeah that is annoying i don't know. if there's any way to. joke out of that situation. because then because then again guys are idiots. right and then there's the thing of like do you want to. really be a dick. in the situation because then not only are you. in a work setting but you're also potentially like again. this sucks this only makes your only highlights how annoying it is for you even more but like then you run. the risk of the guy being like oh okay whoa. you're like that and it's lose. i know but that's a lose. lose too it's just it's a loss all the way. around that's why the wedding. ring is good because it's sort of like plugs. the hole before anything. even gets close to. slipping into it you. know in that hole if you don't say. sexual all right all right next one. what up chris what up. matt me hope you guys. are doing well thank you for everything. that you guys do love. you very much thanks. man um my question is is it. annoying it's very annoying to. me it's a millennial thing. i am a millennial drunk. i don't feel like one yeah same. cuz of the lingo. i i'm not in it. i don't all right yeah. say it i don't get it. but the one thing that gets me enough. is when people say tell me why. don't be saying that unless you're a backstreet boy. am i right what tell. me why i don't know it. gets me every time wow. the lingo of the the new. generation i'm i'm not in it. i don't get it i guess. what he um but thank you guys. so much for everything you do he's saying cuz you could just always say why. right have you guys heard that no this. is what i'm sensing go ahead. yeah yeah i don't know. what he's talking about i do. oh oh go i mean i do yeah. oh he do anthony does yeah. it's like tell me why. this happens when you can just say why. does this happen anthony. that's what chris just said. it's right okay which i do yes. on its face that's annoying. that it's become a thing but i've never thought. of it uh no it doesn't bother. me at all so much haven't thought of it. that i'm still confused i would. argue i would argue that it's not. even really a colloquialism yeah. it's not a thing i mean. a thing is what you mean. by when you say you mean cism. yeah yeah yeah i it's not like uh i did. a thing or what were the other ones. you guys always talk about you don't. like uh life it's oh life. is a movie last night. was a movie yeah that kind of [ __ ] or like um you know or somebody says like standing on business. yeah standing on business. is a yeah of all the ones. to not like that's an that's a that's a really odd. one actually i would say say i don't get me. wrong i like that it. bothers you because i love when stuff. bothers people and then you you know. get some humor out of it. but like that's that's a one. that that's one that i haven't even registered and now i will. so thanks a lot maybe he's just a really big uh backstreet. boys fan he takes. offense they're just throwing around. the lyrics willynilly and he doesn't. appreciate that well it's like it's giving that. one that that that's that's obviously. you don't you don't dislike that more. than tell me why it's giving is the worst. dude it'd be weird if the back street boys. were just like why ain't nothing. nothing but a heartache it wouldn't make any sense. well actually tell literally just walked out of the entire tell me. why ain't nothing but a heartache. doesn't make sense either now that i think about it. this guy look this up. kind of no i don't think it's a thing. dude dude i think how did it. get on the thing if you don't even know what he's talking. about i i wanted to. know if you guys i think it's a thing. it has to. be a thing dude. no otherwise it doesn't make. sense maybe he doesn't make sense. maybe he maybe he's wrong then i'm pissed. at him i'm not pissed. at him because i like that. he's thought about something very important. in his life people say. tell me why a lot. but it's not a thing it's like saying hi. it's just what it is. but i agree with him. about saying you could just say why. i i i don't i okay. here you know what i don't. like but no you know. what i don't like go. ahead when when when you ask somebody. a question and they do that. school teacher thing which is where they go like this. and then answer maybe you never register. that registered that registrated aren't they thinking that. yeah but you can do that. without doing oh bro. that's as annoying as tell me. why being upset. with tell me why no that's just somebody. thinking no but my i dated do okay. well that's different somebody you dated i'm like dude. i'm not in an interview. with you we love each other. don't be pontificating bro. you have got some what [ __ ] to. loosen you need to. loosen your [ __ ] what that. is crazy to. be bent about that. to that's crazy dude. i don't have my [ __ ] to. loosen to be to. be tupac shent about that. is when people are just you know. like you know like tucker carl would do. that on his show. to be tupac shent about that. is just to. explain tupac shent wacky okay. did you find anything no didn't look. the way it said no. didn't look all right. let's do another it's giving is one. of the worst ones it's giving is unbelievably bad. yeah a hi guys um i have a question. about um siblings. i am in two. minds about having one or two. children chris's question is more so aimed towards you obviously. um did you find the transition. one to two harder or z. to one harder um matt. i would like your opinion. on siblings in general. i suppose i know guys would probably not have it. any other way um love you both. chris i saw you in brisbane. and it was one of the best. comedy shows i've ever seen i love your australian accent. please never stop doing your saw impressions all right. thanks guys fortunate for you i'm very annoying. and i won't stop doing that. so um that baby huh. that brisbane show i can't. remember which one that was which that. was the one you said was kind of crazy. it was that's what you said. no that was the uh adelaide. one that's what you said. yeah adelaide yeah perth. was the [ __ ] kill was the [ __ ] killer yeah but wait what the [ __ ] brisbane bris was good bris was good bris was good i remember that you know what weren't there i'm i'm remembering what you said you remember what i said yeah wow okay um so one is the hardest [ __ ] yeah yeah whatever one is the loneliest number yeah yeah yeah i know so uh one's the one's the one's the hardest because it's your whole. life is uprooted two and also you don't know. what you're doing here's what i say. about something that has nothing to. do with kids okay stand up. all right one show to. do a show is tiring. to do two shows. is not doubly exhausting sure. it's more than doubly exhausting. because you already don't do it. no i'm going well [ __ ] you it's distracting. all right i'll pause momentarily. no no no i mean dude. don't make it real. you know what i i'll pause. it i'll pause it for as long. it but i'll put it on hold. as long as i feel like this. thing will you make me. feel bad i'll put it that's your that's a you problem. dude boundaries you do boundaries dude. congratulations man stop saying bound you're a millennial stop saying bound i'm a millennial you're a gen z. [ __ ] continue malovic. talking to a trained conductor um cuz it stopped go. continue it's it's doubly exhausting. because you already are tired from. the first show you go into. the second show and it's not like you're starting. from scratch that would be double. you're now starting at a disadvantage of the tiredness. and then you're getting exponentially tired. as the show goes on. that is not what it's like having two. kids it is not doubly hard. mh your life has already been uprooted by this. one kid and you kind of just add. the other kid on it's not it's not it's not the same. yeah it's more it's harder but you start. doing things where you realize and this. is cool if you have two kids. when one kid is napping. enjoy just the one kid. now that is a relief. it's like you're on vacation. it actually feels like that um so yeah i i i don't think it's too. nuts to. go two now three if i have three if we have three i i don't i don't know you're then outnumbered hopefully the oldest seems like the changer. of all it does it. does seem like it but i don't know. hopefully the the oldest one is old enough. to he's pretty selfsufficient and then the the second. one is at least old enough. to do things like feed. himself you know what i mean. and tell you what he needs. because if not like some people just go irish on it. three years two years we i got threeyearold. twoy old oney old my family. it's like oh my god dude. seems so crazy i you don't ever. know what anyone's talking about. everything's a mess always and you're tired. that's people do it all the time. though it's nuts i know to. think about so yeah i don't know. i i i i don't i i think for us and look i know. people are going to. be like oh but you have money. you have it people you you it's easy. for you to get help. i get it i get that. i understand that oh yeah. that's a big big thing. and and yes it is a big. thing it is that i still thought is is i still thought that. it was going to. be way harder and it's not. as hard as i thought it. was going to be yeah but you have money. it's easy for you to. say wow you know um anyway maybe she has money you don't know she looks like she's rich. you know she looked rich. to me cuz she's white racist. no because mone she's wow you know. uh yeah she looked she looked rich. to me um rich. in spirit uh should we do another one. before we get done yeah. whatever sure oh so indifferent oh that's great. oh hey chris and matt. how you guys doing not on the phone. so my wife and i we went. out to dinner we live in new york city. i know this guy voice. and we got sat obviously at a tiny. table with the table next. to us basically in our laps um so that. was cool anyways everything's great. we order our food. we get our first app. and as our waiter is. placing down our food the guy. next to us goes that. [ __ ] looks fire we should have gotten that to. the girl that he's with now my wife. wife being my wife oh no. she hears that and goes do you guys want. to try some of course they say. no they're being polite and we continue. on with the night kristen. we do that as we're getting. our second appetizer. oh no he goes again. babe wow that looks so good. we should have got that an [ __ ] the other guy now i don't even have. time to react. to that second one. because the table behind my wife. gets some sort of like extravagant food. seafood tower and again. he goes okay we really should have gotten. that and i let out a soft. snicker we're now at the point. where my wife is like looking. directly at me because she knows. how i'm feeling she knows. like what i'm thinking yeah. that's h either this couple. is so bad at going. out to eat that they pick all. the wrong things this guy. has unlimited money because how you going to. should have gotten everything. yeah yeah anyways time has passed so i'm not. thinking about the guy they've been enjoying. their food so obviously he won't. say anything okay but we get our pastas. and he goes babe. those are the pastas. we should have got and i ably go. uhuh it slipped pre. it slipped nice now in my head. my wife and i leave to. the waiter we're heading out you. can leave the check on his table. because our food is now. theirs oh nice this. really is a table for. four and congratulations he's paying yeah. dude now would you guys have stopped this. guy dead in his tracks after the first. app second app what should i have done any chr dot com. for tickets he'll be in toronto. bismar sou falls and check out. the private record obviously bye. dude that does sound like a voice we've heard before. but let me hold on. though before we even get into. that man i wish that happened. to me dude. [ __ ] well what would you have done i want to. know what i would say bro. yeah what's the deal man. by by the last one what did you get dog. [ __ ] by the last one i would have said like what come on what are you doing like what you just did you get a play of crackers. and piss yeah what the [ __ ] but but beyond that like what's with the commentary. oh it's great bro. how boring are you have you. ever been somewhere it'. be great if each time. he said it he moved his table. a little bit over more. and more and then he just joined. them yeah bet but yeah you know what say. it again i'm going. to make you eat what. i get next open. up i'm doing the airplane. thing of part of me. would have thought it's like a a con. like he's trying to. get food or he's [ __ ] with you right. that's what i mean it's like too. much to be normal that's so oh imagine being that. guy's date well me who knows. if she was as quirky as he's not getting laid. she's not [ __ ] that guy he could have been [ __ ] sitting across from jan cuac though. you don't know how quirky she is. it's not quirky that's just like it's definitely [ __ ] it's just weird. oh man look could you okay. so imagine yourself in that situation. the appetizer come out oh man. we should have got that do you want. some oh no that's i'm okay. then the second one comes out. oh babe that's what we should have. got already i feel weird. already that's insane and this guy did. it two more times oh the pasta. babe dude that's insane and i never wanted. to see someone's face on. the audio call more than that. why would he not show. his face on the i don't know maybe we do know. him we must voice does. sound familiar sounds so familiar but sometimes it's just somebody from the real world you know you never know the real world you just have heard the voice before or maybe they call before no i think we know that person and i want to. know who it was and i'm pissed. what the [ __ ] well they probably know but dude. it's uh that is just crazy. man that is so funny. that's really funny i love that. i also we'll tell you this. much i want to. be i i'm that guy's friend. now the other guy yeah you know. me you're also this guy's friend you just you made two. friends yeah yeah yeah i oh great. i just made great friends. yeah right there if i was another person witnessing this guy witnessed that and now all of a sudden i got to. buy more christmas gifts come christmas. cuz this is great close. friends i got close new friends. they're basically family hey guys you mind. if i join you two cuz you're obviously together. and then we're all together. yeah i'll pay the bill. [ __ ] it you know yeah uh that's great and he is right. i'm gonna be in toronto. and bismark oh no toronto. this will be after the toronto. show this will come out. after the toronto show. uh cuz we shot it. early uh but yeah bismark and uh so falls chris dot com. thank you very much patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. make sure you if you're in the area. and it's possible on december. 5th come to. the lifeline live show if you can't make it make sure you are signed. up for the patreon at patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. all of the live shows will. be taped and up. there for the patreon members to. see thank you very much. hello h helloo hello hello hello 