 [music] runk hey what's up. wait actually let me start with doing my dates. let me just see what's up. here oxnard california i'll be there. this weekend uh oxnard california. uh i got dates there. and uh then i will be off to. alabama um and mallen texas. bont texas peterboro ontario london. ontario oh alabama duth minnesota. bay alabama isn't even until. october i didn't realize uh and then lexington kentucky so go. to chris dot com. get those tickets now and welcome. to the next episode of [music]. congratulations just like come off it. mate come off it. yeah uh you ever think about how for real. um different accents are weir weird. dude like and i know obviously but like that's so weird. if you think about it this. is like a high thought starting. off with a high a high. thought but like i don't i don't know man. i'm i was watching this. show from south africa i'm cultured and uh i was just like they really. just they talk like that. huh and we just talk like this. and then even here we talk. different like east coast. to west coast and then i'm like all right. dude there's something. different about me right. now and it is that. i have colored to. me i am a little bit uh you know. i got a little bit of a tan. why because i was in the pool. for two days in a row. why because i moved to. my new house and i'm using the new pool. and awesome and i love it. and uh you're going to. have to deal with me. a little bit leveled up. now in the looks department. you're gonna have to. deal with me a little bit bronzed. out in the looks department. okay because this is a new year. new me and i say that. every august so uh i uh i feel good. in my politics shirt i'm having a good. day uh a lot of driving. back and forth to. where i live and where i here's what happens. okay uh when you're trying to. sell a house first of all realtors are a good realtor is is great. i have a good realtor okay. which makes her great uh uh because i didn't really understand. what a realtor does until i got this. one and i've dealt with her. for a few houses and properties whatever. uh before her no disrespect. to my the other people i used as realtors but i'd like to. uh pose the question. what were you ever doing. i would just send you links. and you'd be like cool. let's go like hey you're not my realtor i'm you're you're just a buddy. that i don't want you're just a buddy. that i wouldn't hang out. with and i have to. and we've got to. go so i think you know i know realtors are under attack. right now because they're trying to. like make a lot of people at least. in uh california a lot of realtors in california. trying to roll them. out of business because why do you need a realtor really unless you got a good one why do you need one right. you you don't they just usually just scoop. up the extra paper you. go you sell your you sell your house. you sell your house. maybe you make some money. selling your house but who gets the extra. paper the realtor gets extra paper they. take a 5% right. but if you got a good realtor they know. stuff you know they're like on the inside. like they say stuff like well. if you know you know uh there's actually a house. coming on the market like they sense. it like they don't even there's actually a house. coming on the market uh it's on the west side. i'm not sure if you're uh interested. in living there but it has all of the things you want and actually a few. extra bells and whistles i'll see. what i can do and then before you know. it you're living on the west side. dude um and uh but they're good. and they know stuff and they got secrets. man you know you know. realtors like i think of a realtor as like a like agents. are like pretty much just bad. people you know in hollywood. agents in hollywood realtors i feel like get that rap. but are but the good ones. are are i'm just i'm just you know. the bad realtors dude like imagine being a a oh wow. a bad realtor that has to. sell like shitty shitty houses in uh poria. yeah so this is it. and then that's in the that's the backyard. if you go there uh and then upstairs i'll be in the [laughter]. car how many bathrooms does. this have uh i don't know it. looks like three or no. i guess that's not a bathroom. two that is not a bathroom. why is there put a toilet. in it then um so yeah anyway. uh i'm in there in the new house. i was thinking about uh you know. cuz my kids are four. and 16 months and i'm i was thinking. about and by the way i do the 16month thing. which sounds like a thing. i wouldn't do like just say. one and a half but they're so much. different from month to. month it's like they're transformers it's like you're seeing optimus. prime in april you're seeing optimus prime as a big. rig and then in may you're seeing him. roll out and he's this big red. and blue alien robot monster. they just look completely different. like billy is a big boy now okay. and um anyway i was thinking about moving. uh as a kid because i moved as a kid. once when i was i i don't even. know how old i was i must have been i was pretty young. six and i when you're a parent. you thinking about things again. right like you're like oh first oh you do your first. day of school as a kid. and then you leave for life. after that and you don't ever. think about it again. until you have a kid and then it's their first day. of school and you go oh [ __ ] that's right. one time i was at school. i i was my first day. of school i was like dad. please please i don't want to. do this i was crying. and he was like dude. you got to have to. i got to go. to work and i said dad. please just can you just please. wait outside of the door and he was like yeah. yeah okay no i can't. wait out no he said i can't. wait outside of the door i. got to go to. work i said please can you please. wait outside the door you. you want me to. wait outside the door all. day and i was like yes please and he said okay and i said okay. that made me feel so good. and then i went uh into. the class we had like a 5 10. minute thing going on and then the first chance i could i ducked. out and just looked outside of the door. and my dad was gone. and he was gone and that traumatize me. yahoo and he didn't do anything. wrong he had to. go to work i was being a [ __ ] but what do you do in that situation. what does he do. in that situation i think the thing. that you got to. do is tell him no i can't. here's the thing it's just traumatizing. dropping your kid off. to school is just traumatizing that's it. for them and you by the way. i've been different calvin went to. first day of school four days ago i've been different since watching through the window. like this and i'm just like oh oh oh god. it's like it's weird that and i'm thinking like this. is how it was for me. and my dad i'm gna stay. my dad said he wouldn't stay. i'm gna stay i. was talking to kristen and she was like you would stay. the whole day huh. and i said if you're even asking me. that question you don't get it. if you're even asking me if i would stay the whole. day outside of the window. looking like a creep. in the and you know. what i mean in the preschool. i if you're i will i will stay as far. enough away as to where it's not creepy. how about that to. where the teachers aren't like okay. you know it's weird i will be outside. the gate i don't care i will do that dude. i would never leave my son. stranded like that hanging crying. so um i uh he looked okay. by the time i left. i left you know 5. minutes after i was like all. right it's going to. be okay um anyway but i thought about like i was driving to. the new house okay. and we're still also living in the old house. by the way so you know we have to. sell it but we haven't we it's gone. on the market like yesterday. or something whatever just too much. information but um uh so i'm driving. i i'm driving to. the house i can't remember for some reason. i had calvin and kristen had already he already. there with billy but i had calvin. and i was like all right. buddy we got to. go to the new house. and on the way. there he was like he was like a you know awesome. cool we'll go to the cool. house he's got like a trampoline and [ __ ] he was excited and he was like and halfway there i can't remember how it came up but i was like y cuz we're going to. the new house and we're going to. stay there tonight and he was like we're going. to stay there and i was like yeah. and then i didn't hear anything. and then i look behind me in the rearview mirror. and he's like this and i'm like what are you upset. about and he says i don't want i don't i don't want to. stay there and i was like why and he says cuz i want. to stay at the second. house which is the second house. he's lived in which is the house. that we that i record this. podcast in he calls it. the second house and he's cuz he lived. in first house he lived in was uh you know. we moved when he was like four. months so he doesn't remember but he knows. it this at the second house. so he's like i want to. stay at the second house i don't want to. and then i was like well it's okay we're just going. to stay there tonight and then we're going. to you know he's like are. we going to be back. to the second house. and i was like well we can go. back at some point but we have to. we're going to sell it. and he was like we're going to. sell it and i was like yeah and and i i was like and and he said and we're just we're going. to sleep there again and i i said well no we're probably just going. to sleep at the new house. and he said forever. and i was like well yeah yeah we're going to. sleep in the new house. for like a lot it's going. to be great he was like i like the second house. and i'm like feeling so bad. but i know once we get moved in he's going. to love it like it's it's nicer. it's got more area it's you know. got a you know a cool. trampoline that the the the people before. us left and he you know he's like so scared. and then i'm like dude. i'm driving and i'm like i i didn't even try. to do any i i didn't even. all i'm trying to. do is make dude. i half the reason no. 90% of the reason why i moved is because of i have a family. now and i want i want i want their lives to. be better than living in you know. living on [ __ ] mattress burning. burning mattress avenue over. in [ __ ] cuz i live in west hollywood. now living on [ __ ] uh crack hor street and so um or weird guy who walks by my house with basketball at 5:30 p.m. every day and um just [ __ ] holding a basketball too with shorts that are like too big it just pisses me al he's 50 you know like guy give it up but anyway um i'm like how tr and i'm trying to. make the life better but i'm like this. is traumatizing moving. as a fouryearold it's just like you're in. a house you got your routine. you finally learn enough. about life to. where you're walking around. talking asking for what you want. asking for what you need cracking. some jokes here and there. getting your bearings you know. being a little bit uh uh confident. you know get pushing pushing. it a little bit you know. ate some goldfish but he you. know what hey dad could have a bar. you know the answer is no. you just ate some [ __ ] goldfish but it's like but you know he's starting to. he's starting to get there. can i wear my minecraft. socks you know what i mean like this stuff he's becoming a person. and then all of a sudden you're like guess. what bud we're sleeping somewhere else forever. that you go it's crazy. how l how quickly. a little kid can turn into. a little kid you know. like my son will [ __ ] use the word actually and then when i say oh by the way we're sleeping in a different place. he goes it's like we went off to. war it's like it's like it's like we're off to. war you know and so it's really. like hard because i saw someone say that. life is you know. life is great you know. life rips you know. how i always say it. and you get the merch. at christ dot com. but i was saying um life rips. and somebody that i i heard somebody on a video. somewhere saying that life was um uh a challenge no. matter who you are and i was like i can't really disagree. with that huh but it rips. in the challenge but also still i really can't disagree. with that cuz life is a challenge you're either going. to live you know. you're going to have you're going. to be i would like to. think that everyone has the same. i don't know if i agree with this. and i normally agree with myself. but i'm just positing the theory. that everyone in the world. gets a certain gets the exact. amount that they can. either like the same amount of hardship in a certain way whether it's mentally. physically uh uh uh uh uh um uh financially. whatever it is that you that. they each get the same. amount of and it's what. you how you deal with. it and i would say everyone gets the same. amount or everyone gets as. much as they can uh take which obviously isn't true. because people commit sde. but um is't that amazing. uh so anyway it's uh you know. it was a little negative. note it ended on but but i will say though. it was uh it was uh it. was w it's wild but we've been in the pool. and it's been great and won't take his [ __ ] floaties off so he got to. learn how to swim though. you know it's [music]. like uh yeah westlake village it's a cool. place it's got 8,000 people in it not even and i'm like wow that's crazy. the the the population of westlake village. is there's 8,000 people. 2,000 100 of them. are are hot moms and then the then maybe a a thousand more. of them are like moms and then then the rest then there's like si. you know i will say there's probably 800 dads. even though that doesn't work out. with the math with the moms. because some of them are single i guess. maybe the moms and then there's about 20. five just guys you know. what i mean like not dads. just guy you see somewhere. there's 25 of them and then the rest are cyclists and dogs and that is on the sensus uh that is the [music]. census the amount of cyclists in my new neighborhood. is like hey what was there. a [ __ ] i get mad dude i gotta you know what i have got to. really really really got to. recalibrate now that i've lived i'm i'm. i'm living in a peaceful non. weho place non hollywood place. i'm living in a peaceful pl. dude it has 8,000 people. in it you talk about [ __ ] like what where'd you. where'd you get those that um attachment for your motorized uh thing you take your kids to. school in or whatever oh i ordered. it online it was like you know you can get it. yellow or teal those are. the questions you ask and it's beautiful. but i'm like microm mudin. ass i'm like damn dude. i can't what am i how can i just drive. by b you know cyclist and just be like these [ __ ] they're happy and i get it here's the thing. about cyclists that i just no. hey cyclists get less dorky. uniform don't why how come when you're cycling. you're on a team. period it doesn't matter if you're on a team. or not you you nobody cycles in like sweats and uh like a throwaway shirt. they all wear if you're if you're if you're a cyclist you've got all the [ __ ] you've got you've got uh like you know spiderman jumpsuit. that like looks like it. was it looks like it's uh what's the stuff. that venom used uh the the the syndicate. the symbiote uh and yes it's alien symbiote and and then you got like the the the the the the bike. helmets with the schlong in the back. you know to help. you go faster yeah you're really going faster. man you're really going faster you. manage [ __ ] head hedge funds. you're going faster huh. buddy and and and the just oakle glasses. hey just trying to. faster arnette those glasses you know. and then the the the 100% worst. part the shoes dude. the shoes that you absolutely need. to take off immediately as soon. as you get off of the bicycle. because if you don't all of a sudden. you're gregory hines dude. everywhere you walk dude. it's so annoying i was at this. coffee shop though i found one by the way. dud seven cyclists walked in i i thought i was at a kinera. dude it was so [music]. [ __ ] i'm i'm just like dude come on guys put on a different [ __ ] shoe no we're sorry we're cyclists with their big schlong hats and alien symbiot with the ar neck. glasses or the glasses. that come over their head like this. you know you ever see those. glasses and um it's just super annoying. why why does it why. does it make that. they don't have to. make that noise it's not. like golf cle dude golfers coming in to. the clubhouse you know i'll have a grilled. chicken just yeah have nancy. set me up with a grilled. chicken i like the way. she makes it just fat. you know how come you could be fat. and play a sport that should be like something. that just god figured out. a little better you know. i i like like for real. you can be fat and play. baseball that's crazy you can be fat well. football kind of makes sense because you're trying. to get as big as you can. and if you're a lineman you get as big. as you can so that's okay. but like basketball is a sport. you cannot get fat and i actually don't know why basketball players. aren't all completely 100%. ripped like that guy from tekken. or like they should all look. like uh the the attack on titan. uh big whatever you call. them the titans how are they not. all rip like lebron looks ripped. some guys look ripped but some guys are just like guys. like how was sha shaq was never ripped. i mean he was leaner than he. is now of course he's 71 you know. if you're 71 and 50 you're going to. be fat he cannot be. fat um but yeah they're running. all the time like soccer. players are all ripped soccer. dude um my shoulder's feeling. a lot better been doing. pt with my buddy anthony he's case. killing it there i can. i can do a lot. i get it past my ear. so that's a real old man. uh back you could be young. and pull your back you. [ __ ] your shoulder up dude you're old you're you age i i never felt old until i hurt. my shoulder cuz you can't reach for [ __ ] and you're like and you you you got to. bend down for stuff you. got to go all. the way down and dude. i never but he's working. on my [ __ ] that what they called the mya. fasal release or whatever the hell it. is i don't know it. feels good what do they call that ah whatever shout out to. politics for the shirt they sent. me a bunch of stuff. i like their stuff um so yeah. so i moved my second son is saying d it's awesome. this is this is him. the other day it's so cute. so funny um where is it. here this is really. cute look what he did. what home how come hi. billy i love you where you going i got to. go do the podcast just so disrespectful. just screaming out um and it's so cute. and and when he sees. a car he goes cuz that's the no. that's the noise the car makes um uh yeah. but had couple's therapy today and it was fun. in a new house it's crazy. how much i got to. work on my tone. you know it's just like i got to. work on it i guess. i guess i got to. work on my tone. i just want you know. what i want i saw a couple. the other day online and they were like they were older. and they were like he was they were like going. to the airport which is stress. when you're going to. the airport there are times where you should be. able to be just dicks. and and you know it. doesn't mean anything you know. like going to the airport. like uh you know having a a worker. a guy fixing the dishwasher. because you know you can't. get your dishes and so like you know. your your your wife or your husband. is like hey you know. when's that guy coming and you're like i told you's coming you. know i me or like you. know if someone's parent is dying and you're like okay. this is stressful he's obviously going. to snap she's going to. snap or if you're moving. houses you get it but it's just like i saw a couple. they were going to. the airport airport comes to. mind that's like the number one. traffic is another one you know uh and i saw this. couple and they were older. they were like you know. 50s 60s maybe i think it's 60s. and the woman had uh a uh was in front of the man. and the man had a suitcase. and he was dragging it. and it was like clumpy been like clunking. along and she was like pick it. up you got to. pick it up you're not doing it right. and he was like i'm trying. to [ __ ] pick it up but it's doing this. is how it has to. be cuz and i was just like man. that kind of that kind of energy. that kind of level is just so dope. to me and it's just all. i want like just talk [ __ ] to. me like that baby but i can't i you know. seven and a half years. in you can't really do that. anymore because it's like the other day. i was like is this. i said are we were in uh the house. and the door was open. from in the back and i was like why. is this door open. and uh she was like oh i left. it open my mistake and i was like oh okay i'll close. i just want to. see if you need to. have it open or whatever. and then later on we were like tired and cranky. and [ __ ] and she was like and then and like the other you like asked me. like the way you asked. me like why is the door. open like uh no no no i said this's what i said. i said does this. door need to. be open or something i don't know. she's like why didn't you just ask. me why didn't you just say. hey hey i'm i i would you like to. would would do you need this. door open or or should i close. it for you and i'm just like oh dude. caught off my balls. how oh you mean be a different. person i go why his door open. here's why i did it. i'm like i'm helping i'm i'm going. help if she doesn't need it open. i'm going to close. if if she needs it open. i'm going to leave. it open either way it's helpful. hey why is this door. open oh i just and then later on we're cranky. it's like the time when you opened when you let the door. is open when and she just asked about. ask about it about it. oh f i'm sorry. saw my goads off dude. and we're talking about it. in therapy and i'm just like i don't have any ill. will when i'm saying something. like dude it's so funny. man and it's like how do you get out. of it cuz once you're in it. you're in it the second that. happens once dude it's like quicksand you you can't. you know the next day. you're in whose sandwich is this. wow oh [ __ ] i just want to. know if i could eat it. and then you're you're extra mad because of the thing. that happened earlier and you can't be you cuz your testicles. were yanked so it's like but look growing. and changing is good and obviously. as a couple you need to. grow and change and i don't know. how people stay together. for 50 years that's insane but it's like because you become how you're not even the same person. as you were i'm not the same. person i was tuesday. dude sometimes i'm like i [ __ ] love love blank and then on friday. i'll be like dude. that [ __ ] stuff sucks [music]. ew um so i don't know how people do. it but my parents are still together. and they're killing it. so that's cool we love him. for [music] it listen i want. to talk to. you guys about ship station. here okay when we first started. this podcast in 2017. you know uh we had some stuff. to figure out with the workflow. it was tough okay. you work at it though. you make some things better and boom. you're off to the races which we were uh if you run. an ecommerce business you have to. improve certain parts of your workflow. period uh ship station ship station is the multicarrier shipping. solution that integrates wherever you. sell online it's really great. it really helped us. big time when you optimize. your shipping process and connect. to a network of expert. partners you reclaim valuable time. for what truly matters. and that's growing your business. don't lose sight of that right. uh merch is an important. part of our brand here. and ship station is crucial. and key key in helping uh me. run that and have the merch. run and ship on time. and all that stuff so it's got an easy. to use dashboard it. makes managing orders smooth. label printing uh reporting and customer service easy scale your business. and reduce warehouse costs. with ship stations reliable enterprise. solutions you shave you shave thousands off. of the uh shipping costs it's great. disc it's up to. 89% off ups dhl express and usps rates. now listen 130,000 companies have grow. their ecommerce business with ship. station you can too all. right 98% of those companies that stick with ship. station for a year become customers for life. what else do you want. you're missing out work. less and ship more with ship. station the innovative tool that helps you turn your shipping. challenges into opportunities for growth. go to shipstation dot com. and use code congrats. to sign up for free. 60day trial that's shipstation. dot com code congrats. [music] crazy okay i took a bathroom. break guys i'm back i took a bathroom. break wanted to take a bathroom. break and take my magic [music]. mind nice dude. um i um i loved this. dude this made me laugh. hard here we go hold on. hold on i no gun. free zones more guns. yep can't fight fire with. water got to fight fire. with fire you can't fight. fire with water oh my god yeah. depends on what's in the fire. fight fire with water. yeah dude oh my god dude. the way when he drinks. his jimmy johns dude. when you when he when he nods dude. he wants to. get whoever [ __ ] say something you want to. get the you want to. get the hell out of there. so badly because you go. oh i [ __ ] it oh no see you okay just own it. immediately immediately the only way. to do it it's like when you fall down. laugh the hardest be the one. who laughs the hardest. it's funny isn't it. just cuz it's you doesn't mean. it's not funny maybe it. hurts too but like dude. i mean i can't this is the most insecure. thing i have seen in the 2000s. this is unbelievable dude. why are both these guys. brent moren here look. let's i no gunfree zones. first of all both absolutely brent moren. can't even believe it and then the i mean. wow everything adds to. it too this microphone. is so [ __ ] and then the guy so he's already into. secure he doesn't even want. to be on camera. and and and he [ __ ] up so bad more guns. y yeah can't fight fire. with water got to. fight fire with fire. ah dude the oh god. if you are married to. that guy and you saw him. do that you have to. divorce him right then right. like you got to. go so we heard his wife. in the background after it's over. dude i can't can't fight fire. with water got to. fight fire of fire. what he goes in the middle. you can't fight fire with water. dude can't find fire. with water dude a gecko vomiting you know. dude no the most [ __ ] dudical whoops ever. no depends on what's in the fire. double down made it worse. made it even more made it. even more [ __ ] dude ben's in the fire. no it doesn't if fire's. in it water helps you only fight. fire with water dude. the worst general they specifically do fight. fire with water yeah dude. i can't believe this. guy yeah yeah i yeah i give up. oh my oh my dude. this video dude. is out of control. bad and good it is. out it is out of control. i wish there was more of a caption than [ __ ] why is every other thing about the tesla cyber truck dude it says the tesla cyber truck is an all electric battery powered light duty truck av by tesla incorporated why do instagram accounts have that we got to. watch it again no gunfree zones. here we go wa so. dude i i i know i know i shouldn't be stopping and playing it so much oh [ __ ] the only hope you have with your woman. after that is if you be super vulnerable with her. afterwards and be like i don't know what i was thinking. i was trying and i just got really insecure. that's the only way to. keep her if you are like [ __ ] that guy that was stupid you're divorced. in 6 months dude. because you dried it up. because you were super [ __ ] right right there you dried it up because you were super [ __ ] in front of your woman and that's not her fault. that she can't get she's the sahara. right now the only only way to. get this nail trout back. is to say is to. be fully vulnerable and open. up and be like look i know. it was stupid and i don't know i just couldn't i've been going through. a lot lately you know. use that thing i've going. through a lot lately and and then when she says okay. i won't divorce you just. go like this yeah more guns. yep can't f fire. water you got to. fight fire with fire. jesus christ fight fire. with water yeah depends on what's in the fire. they specifically do fight. fire with water yeah blind. completely blind by the end. blind got so insecure. his vision went yeah. just walking anybody got a cane. dude are you blind. yeah that is un. unreal dude that is just [laughter]. unreal dude i love it. dude look at this. hurt me i hurt. you too than of [laughter]. thees 100es overdrive working hard. dude working hard working. hardre [laughter] by% loed in thinking for over. 160 glizzies and doing gizzy. overtime dude [laughter] this why is this okay dude hey hey b he's not eating a hot dog huh he's sucking crank g ban. him huh hey tick tock. the worst loophole dude. you can't do this on youtube. right on tik tok. you just eat glizzies all day. long 7% tighter grip like it's an infomercial. with new 7% tighter grip. ice cream ice cream so good thank you. the ice cream thank you the heart. me i heart you too thank you. thees 100 glizzies and dreamzy overdrive. the music dude this guy works. hard the sunglasses dude somebody just said imagine you're a imagine you're a parent. doing this like you have kids. in a room like your kids. holy [ __ ] dude dude and he's not even a comedian. like dude this is so [ __ ] up dude you can't knock the hustle you really can't this guy writes what's his [ __ ] at bro. 100 glizzies overdrive and he made. $70 you know oh dude. gizzy overdrive oh man. as a comedian you could do. this stuff though that's why i love being a comedian. that is hilarious dude. guy's killing it and that's why. he gets drilled here and he slams the bat. now he's making a move. and here come here he comes. that's funny um oh man. oh that made me laugh. dude this is so this. one's good too this. one's good too i've seen. it it up again. [music] [music] [applause] help. help help come down down. just keep coming down wait. i'm in the way all. right come down please i'm begging. you somebody come come down come i can't. the machine not moving i don't. know who says when you're in peril. who says who actually says i'm begging. you dude like like you're staring at the riddler. dude who says i'm b yeah. yeah dude wow this is fantastic. two things i love about this. can't tell if the guy is 90. or 25 and this caption is true. what it says he sounds. like he is an he's anime dude. like it would be close. upon on him and he would just be like please. i'm begging you also look. the the com ness of everyone. else is just fantastic. let's here we go oh. i know this one getting in elevator no. dude bro the guy tried. to cough over his fart. and his timing was terrible. dude he goes the [ __ ] dude and then the guy responded with the how dude how about if you blasted a fart in an elevator like that it's like if they took a family feud survey of what the things people would say after what do you say after someone comes into. the elevator and farts loudly uh. what the [ __ ] dude bing number one. 90 people said that like it would be it would be overwhelming like there's no way. that what the [ __ ] isn't the number one. thing people say to. that and and then number two is a huge drop off. like it's 90% and then 5% say ew. and then like the rest of them. are 1% but i mean this. guy just came and tried to. cough it out [ __ ] dude you're going to. act like that was a cough sorry. no seriously get out get out. of here w so the the fact. that he tried to. was trying to click the you know. you try to click it. nine times to. make it go faster you know. be real baller if you walked in blue. ass like that and then just hit the button once. that would be real baller. you know rather than uh i love it. so what's i i what do. you think is more gross. fart farting or burping i think [music]. um burping is way worse. i'd rather someone yeah i know. nobody ever agrees with me. but it's disgusting. dude i don't want to. i don't want to. like smell ew i can't even think about. it what you just what. you just ate like on the way. down yuck finish it and. then i'll smell it you know. let your body do all the work. it's so disrespectful to. just eat a little bit and then be like hey by the way. and you're like nah bro. let it do its thing i'll take a fart. um yeah it's disrespectful. to burp it's it's not really that. disrespectful fart because it was going. to be poop anyway soon. and that's really what i think dude. look how mean this. is this dude haley welch. the haw tua girl. wrote meme of the day. y'all and she just got she's her it's her getting out. of a cyber truck and there's an explosion in the background and somebody just quote tweeted. it and wrote does. this stupid [ __ ] even understand what a meme is something dude that's free speech but like that's so not a meme though you know but like hey hey dude lay off huh like just like she's just having fun oh [ __ ] like yeah this will be fun hey i'll just put it on the internet oh meme of the day y'all just not even thinking about it some dude at home ah stupid yeah what a [ __ ] you know i mean it's just so shitty and then people in the comments like seriously oh man the the internet is just too much dude it's just too much it's not allowed. you know what i mean. it's just not allowed but here you know. what i'm saying it's just like not allowed. no absolutely not like when my son. wants to eat two. cliff bars no it's not allowed. but he's doing it you know. unbelievable here's an old dating. video in 1980s watching this. tape smoking your cigarette well hit the fast. forward button cuz i don't smoke. and i don't like people who do smoke. dude i guess having it surprises. me that people in the ' 80s. had such boundaries you know. i don't like people who do smoke. hi i'm maurice i'm an i'm who warus oh maurice dude. um these are all fantastic. dude let's let's start. it from the beginning. here hold on and i don't like people who do smile. if you're sitting there watching this tape. smoking your cigarette well. hit the fast forward button cuz i don't smoke. and i don't like people do smoke. god hit the fast. forward button is is amazing. hit the fast i got to. start using that for real. hi i'm maurice i'm an executive. by day and a wild man by night if i don't say so myself i'm a wild man by night like dude imagine this guy being an executive in the day and then at night just tie. around the forehead just holding three coronas. and some shots dick. out of his cargo pants just like being like oh it's awesome. call phil early to. rise makes a woman healthy. wealthy and wise dude. why are they talking like they are each guy. that happens is more like the last guy. and this guy is dressed too imp. this guy has a dope outfit on for real. what was he [ __ ] saying a pitcher in the'80s that's why you're wiser than me. it's steven hi my name is phil. uh most of my friends. call me big phil. i'm not afraid to. get sand on my tuxedo if you're not afraid to. let the wind mess your hair. up a little bit when i take the top. down i mean and then all that's that. that'll be the that'll be the moment. that i slice you in the neck. i'll slice you in the neck. if you take your hair. down and it gets out. of place cuz i get here to. be in place and psych. i didn't even want to. take my uh get get uh take my tuxedo to. the beach so i'll yeah i'll cut you like a [ __ ] i'll cut you like a stuck irish pig. you know um the spongeball was pulling. him out of a little girl's. ear and looking for the goddess. are you the goddess. oh that no there's no way. that guy didn't die. die of cancer at 38. there's no [ __ ] way he got so skinny you know who is the goddess. the goddess is the woman is a woman. has no idea has no idea is all women. has no idea what he's how do i know. it how do i know it. dude had no idea what who is. the goddess the goddess. is a women the goddess. is the woman the goddess. is any woman the goddess. is all women dude. just [ __ ] diarrhea mouth you know just a figure that is sexy slim. tight excellent legs excellent. legs dude that's that that is the most 80s. part about this they need excellent. legs dude if somebody in 202 24. said one of the things. i like on my women. is they have to. have excellent legs you'd be like oh dude. this guy [ __ ] sucks you know like are you what like where do where would you say it out. at night at a sandwich. shop like walking with someone she needs. to have excellent legs. that is just crazy 80s. it's [ __ ] patrick baitman in the a playground. and i want somebody to. play with i'm interested. in most phases of data. processing i'm really oh that that'll get him wet looking for somebody. i can feel special about and i don't encounter. people like that very often and i'm hoping you're one. of them remember when there was like ah there's someone for everyone you. know remember when you were growing. up you'd be like ah there's someone for everyone. even the [ __ ] weirdo terry you know from in social studies we have social studies together and it'll be even someone for him and then you grow up and you're like no no no no no there are people that are for everyone and those are cool people and then those people [ __ ] all the cool people and then terry is alone because there's no one for terry because brad already [ __ ] everyone you know and then you see a thing like this and you're like wow these guys for hi my name's mike and if you're sitting there watching this tape smoking your cigarette well hit the fast forward button cuz i don't smoke. and i don't like people who do smoke. the guy literally looks like a potato. with stuff on it hi. i'm maurice maurice an executive. by day and a wild man by night early to. rise makes a woman healthy. healthy and wise oh that's why. you're wiser than me. it's steven hi my name is phil. most my friends call me. big phil i'm not afraid to. get sand on my tuxedo if you're not afraid to. let the wind mess your hair. up a little bit when i take the top. down has it straightest. face when he just stabs over and over again. up into the jugular. and make sure he gets under the jaw. too get your you got sand. on my tuxedo your hair's. out of place a newscaster this. guy took a spongeball was pulling. him out of a little girl's. ear and looking for the goddess. this one's the best. are you the goddess. who is the goddess. the goddess is the woman is a woman. is any woman is all women. that is sexy slim tight excellent. legs crazy excellent legs m. then this guy looks like casey kasm there. a playground and i want somebody to. play with interested in most f. dat i'm interested in most. phases of data processing you. know hey guy skip that part. hey guy talk about a long. walk on the beach or anything. else hey guy dude. a what woman would give a a rat's. ass about a guy being like i'm really into. data processing i'll go one further who knows what data processing it is besides just the obvious oh you you just kind of look at [ __ ] and figured out uh the internet is just not allowed. they're just not allowed look. at these baby boomer i just now. i'm just clicking baby boomers. names that are uh on the brink of extinction. you can't have a name be extinct. but here we go chuck. that's a good name chuck. bernie well that'll die with bernie sanders. maybe um al al's al. will come back hal okay. just a lot of i just added. an h to that people don't. like that al sound timmy really yeah. yeah you don't meet many. timmies anymore do you young timmies dom dom will come back i feel like so far i think al and dom super tian ones they'll come back bob. that's not true so many. people are going to. be named bob forever. vern dude that's one that. is if your name is vern. i'm going to name. if my third kid i'm gonna name. him vern [ __ ] it that vern. is dope vern hey ver vernon right. yeah mitch that's not a bad. name woody that's a cool. name carrie yeah that's a cool. cool name stan well. you can't even you stan. anymore nikki that's a cool. name vinnie well that's my uncle kurt. that's a bad one. walle is kind of bad all. right this is who cares. huh lauren that's a terrible. [ __ ] name um lauren what is this. what is this mate central. sea freestyling oh hell yeah let's get it let's get it let's get it let's get it let's get it let's get it heyy yo let's get it bring it back bring it back i said that my [ __ ] was gay got a billion streams on my mainstream ra he sh c house my brother trapper they come around and get dead f for free we don't pay these b don't get it confus us 90% gr and 10% talent i want to. get paid and stay out the way. so what's with all of the chatting. if i'm feeling sad. then how only imagine dude. british rap is awesome. i don't even know what they're saying. and it's english not used. to the lifestyle but i'm slowly. adapting i'm planning the exit. route i ain't trying to. be 30 years old and repping call. me a cheat but own. up to it so you can't. call me a li i never did. drugs all i did was sell them. so you can't call me. a fire if i die. before i get rich you could call. me broke but at least i tried. i'm not the type to. hide my motion even though a g. i cried as pros and cons. to the life i live so i may. never find a companion this. is like not yeah he's good. you know i'm i'm not saying it's bad. but like he's and and dude. let me just say the guy's handsome. i don't really know a thing. about this guy handsome. dude chicks obviously going. to love him. or do love him. i don't know how big he is i've heard his name. before so he's pretty big but um this. is like honestly if you gave him four more. tattoos he's an island boy. and and you know no. disrespect to him or the island. boys i'm too rich to. go back and forth with a [ __ ] but i'm misunderstanding and i'm too rich to. go back and forth with the o. don't get a reaction i came from the trenches. now i'm expensive hitting a [ __ ] from the hamptons remember the times when the line went ringing i never had nobody calling like 8 in the morning. poy storm and and not going to. give you a warning i'm missing the times i'd walk. down shortage without fans. recording first time that i stepped in a band or bro. was only school kid growing up quick. i don't know i i i straight. up am old i don't. know what he's saying and i can tell it's good. but i don't know i don't have a clue. and only that's one talk walk that's why. i got a backpack back. the fcking stacking back. i'm stacking i don't know dude i'm a british. rapper um and that's it we did it fellas thank you very much i'll see you oxnard i'll see you soon in oxnard uh and i'll see you in uh macallen texas and bowmont texas and uh k. uh uh kentucky am i going. there lexington yeah i appreciate you. all go to chris dot com. to get tickets uh and that's it. for the episode on youtube. and if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. the uncut the uh longer episode. you go to patreon. dot com christalia and also you can. get right now the uh you can unlock all the previous. episodes that are only patreon only episodes there's about 40. of them so you can go. check them out right. now for just six bucks. you get access to. all 40 of them uh and i appreciate you. thank you very much you're also become a producer. of the show and also you uh are if you're on a patreon. you're the only reason why the show exists. so thank you very much. i appreciate you byebye. [music] 