 if they want me. to be blind. look i'm not a proc comic but whoa. dude wait careful what is this. a [ __ ] poco loco. pollo loco but that's my point. that's my point dude. poco loco where is. this pollo loco i can't. i can't see it smells like chicken. oh it's just thanksgiving dude. what you it's turkey in thanksgiving. drunk [music] hello hello hello [music] no. no no all right dude. lifeline and i got my feet like this. right up until the middle right. to so you can see the the shop. you can see my face in it. see is the reason you put those shoes. up is it because you like the bottoms of them. and you want everybody. to see them no i was just comfortable okay. and that's how it goes but i guess. i'll take the feet down dude. it's good because i'm wearing pink the bottom of your shoes. are pink but no you just ruined. it no i was pink that's red. well they're dirty so it. looks better it's dust the dust it was the wrong. poetry so it wasn't wrong. dust on the red makes it. pink um people say that i plug my dates. too much on this. tour on this uh podcast what do you think i don't care. i simply don't care i'll tell you what let me. tell you why because we barely do any commercials. or ads so i plug my dates. okay you know how many times i hear oh. man come to. kansas city i was just in. kansas city i do it. so until that stops happening i'm gonna plug my days. okay so i will be in kansas. city yes right okay coming up. next and i will be in springfield. and i will be in a bunch of different. places minneapolis and austin. chrisley dot com go get tickets. columbus ohio everywhere dude. i'm coming everywhere you'll be in sugar. land texas no i already did. that oh he already did. sugar land he had a great. time in sugar land everybody. yeah yay so go ahead. we love you sugarland. uh hey and if you want to. have a oneon set oneonone session. with me matalia your boy. baby i'm bad about it. every tuesday and thursday sign up make this freaking flapping flippity. session no i can't say a bad. mormon a mormon i can't. say a bad word okay. so mormon we're mormon in the first. five minutes of this. yeah podcast we're mormon. so we don't say a bad. word so they don't right. so we're mormon in the first. five minutes so we don't get to. monetize and we don't get uh. messed up here is that. cool thing true or is. that just a thing people say. it and i just adhere to. it oh okay i'm a follower. i don't have a mind. of my own okay so it's all good. um but yeah we're having a good. time no i don't want to. do that we did it. last time uh i gotta stop saying we're having a good. time honestly because sometimes we don't even. have a good time. no you have a good. time doing the podcast but when we come. in often i say we're having a good. time and we don't i don't know. how what kind of time. you've been having well usually here's something. usually when i come in everyone's head. is down and everyone's extremely rude. to me for no reason. today because i called everybody out. on it the last time. i was here i said you guys. are the worst ever at greeting. people okay all of you made a big. deal except one who was still a rude. so prick holdout was it still which. was you i did i i but you were doing. it facetiously chris and anthony meant it. dude they were doing it. facetiously they were but i could tell that they meant. it you were being facetious. and evil how could you mean. it and also be physician because it was like hey remember aha i love you. that was them this you. were like oh that was stupid. interesting yeah i didn't. do it that way no you did. i did do it i found it. so unbelievably interesting uh i just think that um you you. don't have to. say super highs to. everybody that that you see all. the time anyway and do text. chain with every single day. you don't but it's you do you do. have to do something other than this. when someone walks i say hey sometimes. but there are times yeah totally yeah okay all right. well i you know what i i take. accountability with that and i'm sorry. and i shouldn't do that. and you're right thank you no. but don't be like thank you. because that makes you something. the way you said it. is i got my way. huh okay well thank you how about that. okay okay i have my own. feelings about that that i have to. work on again and that's fine. so how do you reach for it. and my tattoos itch yes yes dude which one's new. let's have it this. is new this is one. news here but i'm not done. with it it's only halfway. done not gonna tell anybody what it. is i didn't even know about that. i knew about that show. the world it's a lotus. yep that's cool yeah it's very cool. and i have another one. here and i'm getting another one. actually at this point i'll already have it. because we recorded it i'm getting it. on thursday i'm gonna get you know i told you i'm getting completely added. up yes you've mentioned that many. times yeah so i'm gonna look disgusting. in a good way oh i'll say yeah. okay why did you get the lotus. yeah no that's for me. oh no i didn't explain my tattoos you. can't get a tattoo for the world. to see and then be like i'm not telling you. what it is but it means why would you get it. because he likes white. lotus i have a steve. zahn tattoo on my uh abs. oh that's a bad that's his face. and then the text bubble coming out. saying hi matt so like stevo would get i just like wake lotus. man um so yeah so uh yeah i'm gonna get completely added. up dude i'm gonna be a legs. guy i'm gonna be a tattoo i'm gonna get in my tattoo i'm getting tattoos on. my legs i'm gonna do that. i don't want you to. but what do i care. that's fine i'm great. that's great uh sibo has a tattoo that. says what is that his him. on his back oh my god wow wow and then he's got something. on his butt yeah your name. right oh your name what's weird. about that is how bad it. is yeah it is bad. but he knows that you know. and it's fine but like uh you know. that's just weird huh. he's kind of unsettling it's not good. yeah it's bad that's real. huh wow oh yeah that's real. yeah okay well people have crazy. don't approve of it. you know um would you ever. wear bracelets do you wear bracelets i don't wear bracelets and i never have but i don't i don't. thought about that i thought about it. you what i thought about. being a bracelet guy and how develops the arizona. yes dude um i thought about it. on the plane i was like it. would look really nice just something. like just dangling off me like that. you've worn bracelets before. though no well like when i was 20. uh i thought about just how nice it would look just dangling off. me you know would it look that nice dangling off. of you i mean i just feel like if i had a bracelet. on and it was like shiny it might be like oh [ __ ] he's got something. extra going on maybe i might look. that like you're saying you're gonna get the cross earring. yeah okay i guess [ __ ] jury's out everyone said that. you should get the crosshairing oh yeah really yeah. i mean i'm not gonna get it. but i'm just saying maybe if i was like the dangly i want. to be a certain type of guy. and you took my thing so it's like what do. i do now i could be guy. who has the the bull. the bull what about the we talked about the gauges. you could get that no i think those. are terrible yeah yeah what else. is there you get your lip. pierced no that's i don't want a beef. i don't like piercings dude. do you nose pierce. no i'm not that guy. i'm not that guy are you gonna. get all over the neck. and stuff like to. other places on your neck. yeah i will i told you i'm gonna do cityscape. i don't know what i'm gonna. get maybe not a city. skate but i'm guessing. something like that i want. you to see me and be like whoa. that guy's trouble he might fight. us you should get the cityscape. of loserville not a place or loser. land all right on your neck. so that everybody knows where you're from. imagine if i got loserville loser. land that would be the worst. because i get stevo on. my back um population one so yeah. um uh yeah so i don't know. okay well what do you think what. do i think about jewelry. you have two rings that are the same. ring yeah i like i like rings. i like the way they feel. on my hand uh and i like to. do stuff with them like tap. them and punch people. in the in the head and so they get knocked out. i have one ring mike. is unplugged again yeah so it obviously is though. because it's sitting under chest there. is it good now. yeah okay how long was it. unplugged i don't my mic. keeps getting unplugged it's not. my fault so what's going. on well considering it's happening. to you and not me somebody tells me something. that you're doing is causing. it so it is your fault. or this is faulty. no faulty towers stance. got so offended felt it. in his heart yeah um i don't think they're faulty. i handmade them i am. i has a tick tock. channel that has like 150 000 subscribers hand makes uh and so um hey this is how i make podcast. equipment wow um god i i'm not a tick. tock well i was just doing it. basically but it makes me. mad flat with him what is don't. flirt with them oh that's what. song you're doing wow you didn't know. dude no no well not until you. said the don't flirt with that. don't flirt with him i'm not. gonna flirt with him that's a trend. from like two years. ago uh bro i'm kind of how you build mics. you know with a hammer. and sickle that's the whole. thing they're handmade i'm joking. don't flat with him i'm not gonna flirt. with him why are you doing. that song because it's a trend. dude it goes like don't flare with him. i'm not gonna flirt with him. right and then it's just a really hot. guy and she's like it. was like a picture of me. like this coming out of water. no you're not that hot um so yeah. so anyway he didn't know what i was doing. that's funny anthony did you yeah. that makes me so happy. i know it dude i knew it. dude i can you do it. can you play it or can. we not play it i mean. we'll see okay we might get to. monitors warnings says it doesn't. seem worth it here wow [music]. i hate it yeah. it's awful don't flirt with. him look i'm not i'm not okay. dude you guys are idiots. you guys are idiots. no it's the record everyone here laughed. at that except me. dude someone because you don't need to. get dude and put it on someone make it yo listen. turn it off that one. was funny was that one. funny no no it's stupid. okay dude dude dude someone make it like this. put me on it. don't flirt with me and then have. me be like this was your neck. hurt no dude let me. do it so they can bump right. in and then okay okay go go. go post it on my thing. don't flirt with me anyhow. like this why is that this. goto sexy thing oh cause i'm sexy. a big fan don't. flirt with me dude dude someone put it side. to side and do it. do it for me. thank you oh [ __ ] the fans come through. dude the trends on. things that goes so bad. hey that dude they hate it. how about when they do they're about mental. health and they do that. oh dude for mental health. it's okay to. take a mental health. day yep yeah it's not your fault. it's his fault dude. how about how about how about when hey it's never my fault. it's my dad's fault. i should have done all. those things to. me dude dude i i i hate when i hate the most right. now is the am i is. this 25 and 50 and they're just like why. are they doing that because it's a woman. that's like uh i'm 50 if you can believe it. because you're like oh you should she always. looks 50. right and they're like haha and you know she's not 25. because she's doing the [ __ ] challenge anyway you know when i saw i saw young like boys. like teenage boys doing. it like if i was my dad. in my dad's yearbook when he was my age. and they had like a letterman jackets on and they were like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but they had like nerd. glasses on or something. yeah all they ever are are people. trying to look sexy. look how good looking i am. yeah but they're under the guise of like right. i'm playing along with this. silly challenge i know it's so stupid. i hate it yeah. it's it's halloween just everyone's dressed as hot. as they can yeah right. i mean it's like one of those. things that's like i'm gonna do something silly. i'm gonna be like uh wario for halloween. and then it just got like a yellow. hat and like their tits all out. and they're just like it's me. it's a me wario yeah the ones. with the young guys that make me the most mad. though because they're just like well yeah because men should never be doing that. but they obviously get a ton. of likes otherwise why would i be seeing. them i'm not even on dig. talk yeah they get a ton. of likes but there so many. of them are like cringy. and ironic not ironic on purpose. no no no no no the people who like it. are they're like oh that's hilarious. like oh really yeah. i like to see that. [ __ ] it's so funny that somebody would stoop solo to. do that [ __ ] we're talking about to. worry about young people man. it's sad well i think every generation. worries about the youth right. no they'll i feel like every generation. hates young people they're like when i was young. it wasn't like that we had to. actually skin the animal. before yeah yeah you know but well like i feel like bad. for younger people now everything. sucks nobody's gonna have a job. everyone's gonna have an embarrassing video. of them by the time. they're trying to get a job. it's just like yeah yeah they all are. [ __ ] but that stuff will level out and then it'll be a new generation. and it's just like y'all are [ __ ] okay anyways that'll be the most beautiful generation of all. time that will be the most pimp and pimp yeah. because they're gonna be so i don't give a [ __ ] it does go in cycles so maybe there's hope for like cow's. age by the time we're 90. yeah like cows kids no no. cow oh no cal's age. i guess yeah cow's age. so by the time um all the hope is in you all. the hope is uh on your shoulders. cal so i can't wait. to be 60 and should just be leveled. out don't get your hopes up. you know yeah yeah cow. would be like you know. 20 and you'll be so worried about him. i know dude i know being being a dad. is is tremendously stressful you know. oh god all right okay let's uh let's see what's up. so handsome hey lifeline guys. so beautiful my name is greg. and what's up greg um. my girlfriend jules is a big fan. of lifeline hates us. and of you guys that's great. i'm sorry i don't know you guys. names uh we watched episode 42. and i pretended like i was gonna make a video so i can come. in the bathroom which i did. and um now i'm making a video. but how do you guys feel about. pooping in a new relationships. bathroom yeah and not making a weird. what are your thoughts i could tell you anytime i can tell your thoughts. another story i can tell your thoughts. of the story would you like to. hear a story dude don't flat. with me no no no no no dude. i think would you like to. hear a story oh yeah okay. so when i was uh uh god i might have been only 18. years old and now i lived in new york. i was going to. school in new york but my girlfriend lived. out here in la and she visited me a couple times. and when i came back to. la with the first time. i visited her at her like offcampus apartment. whatever yeah she went. to usc and thank you and uh but i was technically. staying with mom and dad. because they lived close. and her she had this tiny. little apartment and we had just started. dating actually oh i know this story so uh wake up. early in the morning. and um again new relationship. i had to grump it. out didn't want to. grump it out right. next to my new beautiful. girlfriend who is sleeping beautifully right. next to where the bathroom. is i didn't want her. to know i was going. to bump it out she knew. i had to leave. early anyway under any normal circumstance. i would have just grumped it. out you know what i'm saying sure and uh i was like i'll manage this. home is only like 15. minutes away poetry i get in the car. and immediately on the 110 i hit traffic. now i'm like okay this is getting. pretty bad i'm like looking. for places to maybe pull over or going. to a gas station try. to grump it out in one. of those disgusting yeah and what i realized is like by. the time i pull off with all the traffic. and get to a gas. station that's only gonna be like a couple minutes. less time than i would be to. get all the way back home. okay so i'm just like all right. i'm just going to. do it i'm committing i'm going. to go home and i'm just going. to make it unfortunately i'm like by the time. i'm just about to. get on off on the off ramp i'm i'm just like i'm i'm doing. the thing where like i'm literally. looking at myself in the rearview mirror. right yelling at me by name. saying i'm like come on yeah. yeah come on matt like don't. get sit your pet you can't. you can't grump it out right. now perry movie you know. and uh i'm just like i'm like kinda standing yeah. because like if i sit it's just bad. news okay so i'm like as tense as i can. you know come on man. randy savage oh yeah slim. jim and then i get off. the freeway i get home. and i'm just about pulling. into their driveway and i'm just like i don't. know if it's like the brain. relenting because you know you're close. or whatever but it's getting. worse and worse and worse. and i i realize as i'm parking. like i now have to. move right and there's no moving. when you have to. go this back of course the first movement. there she blows okay okay. so i step out of the car. yeah and and my and mom happened. to be out for in front of the house. yeah and so um yeah open. the door i'm gonna go to. bathroom and i say step out. of the car it's just like there. she blows what okay. but i like it was like just like a like a mushroom. cloud because i had to. like a little bit out. you know and then so and i saw just like this. i was just like and i finally. get to the bathroom. and mom is like dying. and i had to like throw everything. away but i threw mom away. we sold the house. and everything um got rid of the car. so uh but yeah she their girlfriend never found out. so wow jokes on who dude. i think by the way. like and subscribe um i think honestly. that um i think that it's you here. i had a friend that said texted me. recently it was maybe a month. ago maybe not even he was like hey man. what do i do if i just i'm over. at uh my i know what you're gonna. say about the house. her house i'm seeing her and for the first time. and i gotta go number two. he's like do you do it. and i'm like yeah man. just do it he did. it texted me you're not gonna believe. this the toilet doesn't work oh what like a matthew perry. movie dude in 1990 you know what i mean. or 2002. so i'm like oh my god so i was like what do i do. i guess i gotta try. and fix it he and i was like dude. just go tell her go be like yo i i took a grump in the in the toilet. yeah that i didn't know. it was broken you should have told me. like what the [ __ ] i'm the man. though yeah that's what you say. to her and he was like really and i was like yeah. just do that who cares. only she'll think you're sexy if you own. it and he's like and then i gotta text. a little bit later he's like i fixed. it yeah i wanted him. to not be able to. fix it oh wow so he got away. with not telling her. i'm pissed off no. good for him no why why. did you want him. to get busted for grumping it. out into. her toilet because i hate my friends. oh okay well that now i don't know. why i don't know i don't know. why but it's okay. to do poop in your uh girlfriend's. toilet in the beginning well yeah totally i mean the moral of my story is just go yeah but also what's up with the dude he was saying wait but real quick look i was 19. when i that you sir. look like you're pushing 40. you should know by now. that you just gotta do it. it's like what's the big. deal it's like you just got humans go. to the bathroom what is she gonna. think you never poop like that's not what a human. does yeah what's the what's the thing. yeah but you don't want you. don't want them to. smell your brand of poop but like that's stupid. every brand of poop is bad. who's got like a great. [ __ ] brand no you have a terrible. [ __ ] that's not true. you have the one of the worst. [ __ ] brands i've ever even laid. my nose on is that. true yeah it is dude. you the thing about you and your brand. of shooting is that you [ __ ] right after you eat it's like an open vessel it's just like one big pipe inside your body. yeah it just comes right. out just like an elevator yeah yeah uh don't flirt. with me dumb and dumber. i just don't know man. uh basically i think that you do. it also was the guy. saying he wasn't a fan. or he was joking. but if he wasn't wow. so wanted to get back. and that's cool so long you've been trying. to get back to. that part about he was making a joke. that he doesn't know what our. names are okay cool. he does of course he does. i know he's not going to. submit a a video yeah asking about taking shits. at his girlfriend's house. when he doesn't know. who the people are he was pretty handsome. i wonder if his uh if they broke. up if you got a chance no. i wonder yeah i want to. date him um i think he's got a lot. of leeway with his brand. of [ __ ] could be really bad because he's handsome. yeah because he's so handsome. yeah put it put your brand. of [ __ ] on another person who is an attractive thing. uh you might be worse. off yeah you're bad you're all right. bro you're all right you're doing good. okay so dark hey matt. and chris love the uh the show. love the content oh hates it. i'm looking inward and i think that. i i think the problem is me oh shoot. just got even darker. okay but shoot you didn't start. uh get out yet. so yeah just lost in time. and space but uh but anyway uh vehicles. when they're when they're um behind me vehicles. so proper uh cars. uh with their headlights. they have uh halogen lights. and the lights are they're allowed. to be they're legally. allowed to have them that you know. fluorescent uh uh like that blue. because we're walking the blue tent. but yet it's like and they chose. that you know what i mean. like and like the truck and this is i have a problem. but the truck the wheels. on the side nurses are like sticking out. they made that choice yeah. you know what i mean. so someone made choices to. this to this suv they've converted this. thing okay and one of the choices. is the halogen lights halogen. they're so annoying like it's just so bright. and you can't you can't escape. it you can just like close. your eyes but yeah why would someone do that. okay does that how do i um you know. what i mean nope. how do you what that's the end. if it bothers you that much. pull over slow down get behind the car. no escaping halogen lights. no that's that's what you need advice. about you're living large dude. that is the least concerning situation. about the question how do you escape. halogen lights yes close your eyes. also the notifications that stick. out not if you're driving well yeah but then he's saying if you're driving in the car behind you has the halogen halogen lights. this pulp pull over yeah i guess. right yeah or anything that much. or anything else i've got sincere problems. or also here's what you got to. work on not the halogen light. thing halogen light thing but you got to. work on that because he was saying. it like that well you got to. work on is saying words. in the right order and and i don't know this. kind of thing with i might be the one. with the problem and then talk about how dark it. is where you are. and then at the very end only then reveal. what your question even is yeah. hey um so yeah i just got a question. oh man i might be the problem. oh god it got so dark. halogen the lights what's up. yeah dude that's the worst. this guy honestly uh uh this guy literally has has killed at least two people in that lot. he was parked in at the time. i'm gonna say get out. of my country guy even though. he's born here oh. wow go ahead yeah i'm racist. against a white guy. next one that's okay. sleeping what's up guys can't. wait to uh hear what you guys. say about my uh patchy beard. and whatnot but i just love. you man been following you for a minute. uh matt you're [ __ ] hilarious thank you. man um weird question i'm watching this. weird movie and uh it's a good movie um it's called. about time i don't know. oh yeah like uh rachel. mcadams anyway get on with it. you know what i mean. um why do the british. people wear like um george. washington uh wigs and [ __ ] when they're in court. yeah why do they still do. that right like it's so dumb. really dumb like even in 2023. they're still wearing like wigs. dude what so bad i'm [ __ ] yeah you know wow just wanted to. show us his tattoo the fact. that there's people that are being annoying. out there in the real world because of [ __ ] that we say is unbelievable [laughter] um that's the cult dude uh yeah it's ridiculous and i always think as a matter of fact i just found this out i was watching a tv show and they went to. court in britain and they had the wigs. on and i was like oh is this. like a dystopian show or what you. didn't think that was going. on and i was like they still do. this also the lawyers do. it too it's not just the judges. it's it's it's uh dude it's it's it's actually so many. more places used to. do the same thing traditions. are awful but so many like african countries. your other european countries australia. new zealand all these countries used. to do the same thing. the only one that still does. it is the uk. britain is so dope except for it sucks because of the tradition if it did just drop this [ __ ] it would be so much better. the problem with the wigs. is they're so dumb. looking they're dumb they honestly. you should have a dildo. coming out of their head. like this dude you know why. you know why people started doing that. in the first place it. wasn't even judges it was like a. high society because of the [ __ ] disgusting. how disgusting their hair would smell. no close though what they there. was sometimes because of lice but they think the main reason. was because so many people had syphilis and one of the symptoms of syphilis. one of the main ones that everyone got man. and woman was random hair. loss like patches and no one. wanted it to. be seen no one so everyone. that had it started wearing it. wear a hat well there weren't hats back. then i guess there were but like you couldn't wear a hat. inside and [ __ ] hello oh right. you know hello um i can't. stop [ __ ] my hands here's the thing we're not gonna stop [ __ ] right so we lose an eye in real really weird random. places on our heads. wigs that's what we're gonna do. they're all gonna be white [ __ ] is hat nonsense. camera that was inside. braided wigs braided. big wigs and powder you know. with the rosy cheeks do. you know what they're made out. of here [laughter] [ __ ] man. it might be the kid. the use will grow up. not wearing eggs but i cannot do that. i mean how happy was everybody. when somebody came up with the thing. that got rid of syphilis. dude how annoying is it. that they still are like all. right is what we're gonna have. go on uh you're on trial. for murder i don't think you've done. it all right i'm gonna be your lawyer. i'm gonna [ __ ] fight your case. and we're gonna get you off. and you're going to. be free now let's go. to court hahaha [music]. is it straight or what. is it it's crooked hold on. hold on oh you count. your handcuffed here let me. get that i'm so done. with your handcuffs in in court. you know they got these against the thing. you know where you're like that. oh look in the mirror and the other cops. are watching the lawyer do it. because it's a twoway mirror. all right let's go. lawyers don't usually wear it. anymore they can it's not it's not required. i like to do it. still you can i like to. do it a lot of female. and minority judges do it because they it. like some it symbolizes that we're all equal. in the eyes of the law. i like to do it. on black and i like to. do it because it symbolizes well just taking the exact words. i said you're all equal. literally just saying black woman. just saying the words i said. i'm a black woman but well i was born a woman. but i think i'm a man. i'm trans and i'm also a little person. a barrister oh equal in a lot. can you say little people little people. is what that's what it. is yeah oh okay. you shouldn't say midget yeah okay. you know you don't have to. spell it out well uh i just i actually didn't know. what the little people is the one. okay okay relax you can either. call you can either call. them that or it's politically. correct either call them out or when you see. them go oh so dumb. yeah that's our next one. all right a killer love. lifeline love congratulations and based on your specific advice. before it spins the deeper. for me um i had a specific uh question that i wanted. to ask you all the whole windshield. um i've been dealing on. and off with um with nicotine addiction. i've been smoking cigarettes ever since i was about. 17. i was just trying to. find out based on some of the solutions. that people have brought to. me that have not been um very helpful. to me well how would you suggest. getting off cigarettes and nicotine in a more natural way. again love your podcast. uh and i'm always going to. be with you chris and matt. through these trying times and uh i appreciate it. oh yeah dude um i honestly. think it's a lot of it. has to do with an oral. fixation so start uh giving moral sex. then again what do you know because you never had a cigarette. in your life no i know. but i i feel like i you know. sweetie oh sweetie i want a cigarette. and then what you go. down on her oh okay yeah that's okay. i need a cigarette or if you're gay. even better because it's like a cigarette. okay um yeah the only times i've been able. to stop smoking is is at the times. that i actually want to. do it if i just i'm like oh it's because of my health or oh it's because of this person i'm dating doesn't like it. i'll be like this in the corner. and does act like i didn't do it. right you know what i mean. but like so obviously did it. because it smells like well yeah sure what's up. how's it going did. you smoke yeah and then it's over. yeah uh but yeah if you don't want to. do it it's probably not actually gonna happen. so give up and save yourself the end. it doesn't sound like he wants. to do it though exactly. so don't quit no no i'm saying. it does want to. quiz oh oh oh oh dude. what's the you you you. know the the what's the name. of that book that everyone says is. great alan carbuck yeah yeah. that's a great book. what's the name of it. uh yes what the name was right. now the easy way to. quit smoking there you go. there's a book called the easy. way to quit smoking. by alan carr is that his name. yeah i think so yeah and uh apparently i've heard like several people. say that the only thing that got them. to quit smoking is this. book that's crazy i never read the book. uh i don't know but too seriously. like at least five people have told me. that what's on me. dude it's weird yeah yeah it worked on you yeah. it's like hypnosis in a book. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah repeating the same. thing and then you start. thinking don't smoke don't smoke. don't smoke don't smoke. don't smoke don't smoke. don't smoke stop smoking don't. smoke what the wow. that's crazy chapter five don't smoke. all right what else who else. we got sick missy. elliott jacket what up. matt and chris what's the drillio. i live in germany i'm stationed. here i'm in the military yes. thank you thank you for four. and a half years been with my girlfriend. who's a german cool for three. years cool uh and i love her. oh cute my issue is i get out. of the military in june. and then it's time for me. to find a civilian job. um uh there's there are jobs for me. in germany but not as many. as there are for me. in the united kingdom. so my question is should i uh accept. a job in germany so that i can stay in germany. which is where i want to. be but the job might not pay what. i wanted to and it might not. be what i want uh to. be doing or should i go. to the united kingdom where i'm pretty. sure i'm gonna get a wellpaying job. and it's going to. be something that i want. to do i don't want to. do a long distance. thing uh because i just kind of don't think. they work so basically the it's basically if i move away. we break up sadness. what should i do thanks. i mean stay yeah. you know if you don't yeah i mean maybe the job. may not be high paying enough. uh and that's okay because it's also you're in the place. you want to. be in and then number two you don't have to. break up with your uh give me going. on for four years. three years the woman that you're in love. with and then also um and then also uh the other thing. i was gonna say is uh um i don't remember go. ahead yeah i just you probably. can always go to. if you can get a job now. that's good and high paying or better. paying than the one. you would maybe get in germany. i'm assuming that would also be true. in like six months. a year or whatever but if you start. out in germany with possibly. the worst job oh yeah but you get to. be with the woman you love. what if you realize that that lifestyle is amazing. yeah and you don't have to. risk losing the love of your life. like i i don't think see if you can i i get what. you're seeing yeah exactly start. out in the germany because this is why you don't have to. move it's all the logistics. and [ __ ] the potential the in the two different spots. the best potential the most potential. is in germany it seems like it. to me too yeah you'll have to. try that first your girlfriend. you're doing fought because he's moving. sure doing what you're moving. but also can't she move to. you the uk well. i don't know it depends on we don't know. we don't know she might be. like have a really great. job right okay yeah she might not. she might not speak british. you should have said that. yeah true he definitely should have it. i thought that while he was saying. he's like you should definitely yeah. he should have addressed that at least. obvious thing that we would ask right. right i mean maybe she's out. there maybe she like [ __ ] does the she loves. like the what are the the festivals. the [ __ ] october oktoberfest okay wow or maybe she makes um you know i don't know doesn't know anything needs my help. for every single one of the jokes. or whatever what benches yeah. germany's renowned for their wooden. benches we make wooden punches. this is what we do. look at this how comfortable to. say oh oh boy look. at this one uh you could fit nine. in this one uh this kind of sounds. actually no that sounds yeah yeah okay. all right so don't [ __ ] with me. actually okay all right next next. one mario lopez man. chris long time listener first time. caller i'm wondering about um elevator manners. okay when you're going up. in an elevator and just one stranger. hops on that ride with you. are you supposed to. chat with him shoot. the phrase small talk all that. stuff um i work in an office. on the 15th floor. and i generally hate when people try. talking to me yeah. not a fan of small. talk not a fan of i don't know. just giving information to. some random yeah person um but it seems like a really. common thing at least where i'm at. um i usually try to. keep headphones in to. avoid that at all. costs so yeah what do you guys. think what's the best way. to do that should i be more sociable try. to converse with with random. folks or you don't have to. you're gonna have it all right. look here's what you do. so when you say both. of you need to. relax because who cares just do it for. the amount of time. you're on there like don't worry about. it just get on the elevator if someone talks. to you just be like oh yeah and that's it. you don't have to. like be like oh i got to. put my headphones oh i gotta pretend. i'm texting true oh i gotta pretend. i'm on the phone that takes. up too much that is. true but i wish that i wish that i was not famous. sometimes so i could just be like i don't speak english. you can do this you can do. that and that would be awesome. to do it sorry. i don't speak english i. don't know words except for these ones. i'm about to. say i cannot talk to. you here in elevator that's like the joke. in that uh episode of the critic. remember that we laughed so hard. no he gets into his. uh taxi cab and he says like a bunch of directions. uhhuh and and the cabbage turns. around in a perfect english. he's like pakistanian middle but in perfect english. she says read the sign. and it's just oh i love drive. around in those three words oh yeah i read the sign. yeah yeah okay wow so mad no. that's great okay that's cool. i mean john loves had a cool. little cartoon i guess wow no but i oh this. is what you can do. and this is the most gangster thing. you can do okay. you're in the elevator or you're somewhere. somebody comes up to you. and talks to you without doing anything. different you just look at him. and say sorry i'm on the phone. [laughter] i mean you can do. anything yeah yeah uhhuh yep. yep actually you know what you could. do that no that's crazy. because they could think they would think i just had some technology. thing i don't see right. yeah now that would actually work. if you if you do that with confidence. that would work like this. and they say we're talking about yeah. technology moves much faster. than you think just like that. with nothing in your hands yeah hey matt. so hopefully you guys can help. me with this problem that i've been having because honestly i'm at a loss at this. point so any advices would be very helpful i. know i know so i just moved into. this new place and the neighbors. right next door to. me uh have this exotic bird. oh it showed up. right on cue i don't know. if you can hear that. it's going off right now. it's incredibly loud um i mean. the wall is kind of dampen. the sound a bit but it's so quiet. otherwise around here that. it's so freaking loud when it goes. off in addition to. that they also have this muscle. car which they don't actually use they just uh every once. in a while rev it. up and it's just like so obnoxious. because whenever they do that. then it kind of rawls up. the bird and it's just annoying. so the latest i've heard this bird. make noise is like 8. 30 maybe nine o'clock at the very latest okay um but usually it's going crazy. in the afternoon luckily i'm gone. most days so it doesn't matter. but it just gets annoying. sometimes when you're trying to. have some peace and quiet. you know what i mean. yeah also for a little bit of context. um all the neighbors pretty much. hate these guys they're like yeah. the most hated person oh [ __ ] yeah and people have called the cops on them and the cops have never done. any bird cops come so that's kind of where i'm at. and you know i'm always trying to. be positive about things and trying. to understand that everybody's going. through their own stuff um but it just seems so selfish. in my opinion anyways help. me out put the bird in the car. drive the car off a cliff. but the guys but the rental. car put the guys in the car. drive the car with the cliff. uh the car thing. i can relate to. my neighbor who is has a an old like vintage vehicle. that i don't even want to. call a car because he doesn't ever. drive it anywhere but he does. just rev it once. every week or two because it's like he's gotta like keep it. fresh that's stupid you don't take it. anywhere you [ __ ] i don't uh just but the bird thing is like dude that is you got to. be such a titanic [ __ ] just to. get a loud exotic bird. when you live in an apartment. don't stop it you got to. be a gigantic [ __ ] to. have a bird yeah. if you live in seclusion though. like fine but if you live among. people very in very close. quarters you're such a dick. dude yeah you are a dick. it's like it makes you want. to cry like how could you be that. bad of a person what the [ __ ] is wrong. with you show this to. your neighbor yeah billy joe. from green day what the [ __ ] is wrong. with you owning that bird. also you're ruining life for everybody. also you know with the car. it's i think it's fine. with the car if you're gonna drive. the car if you're not gonna drive. the car just rev it. it's not cool look. i have a throw mobile okay. there is no what what i've my car's throaty when i started. well that's not a thing that's what it's called. well i call it that nobody's ever. said throaty do you guys. know what thrody is i know. it just because he said okay. so you made it up. okay but i drive it. dude and my car is very cool. and i drive it okay. so now see what you did. was you only wanted to. talk about that you have a cool. car no okay it's not. what i want because it's not. anything like what he was having throat. mobile and what i do. with it is drive it. i don't just sit there. and rev it that's awful. if you're sitting there and revving it you're just being an [ __ ] to. the people around you right. and when i turn the reason. is to keep it. fresh and up it doesn't get old it. doesn't get like that's fine. what do you call. it yeah but just drive it. yeah i agree i mean. i agree i have a throat. mobile and it's a fantastic. vehicle and i only turn it. on to drive it. and a matter of fact. whenever i turn on to. drive it i still feel bad. i also have two modes one. can go quiet mode one. can go large mode and i go quiet. mode a lot large mode. that's not what it's called. is it really quiet mode. though quiet mode and why do you ever not be in quiet. mode i don't you're always in quiet. mode pretty much unless i'm on the open [ __ ] freeway and i'm just killing it boom boom it's a throw mobile dude you got to. [ __ ] take advantage senator all right. all right cool let's do it. next onesie ponzi uh i want to. start off by saying thank you so much. for everything for all your hard. work all your advice it's been wildly. helpful thank you uh chris you've gotten me. through some messed up stuff. sorry to hear you. got me through high. school uh never failed to. put a smile on my phone. so thank you so much. um thank you guys happy. to be here for you. uh so uh i'm officially. 185 pounds down i've lost almost. 200 pounds completely changed. healthwise and especially physically oh my prior. to losing the weight. people were really awful. to me sometimes i mean. like i bet they're kissing your ass. now awful so the most ruthless. evil out of pocket. stuff yeah um and a lot. of it became kind of drilled. into my head yeah uh and i started to. believe a lot of it. and often still do and because of that i'm horrible. at receiving and accepting. compliments to the point. where i'll just be like you're lying. oh yeah okay no when somebody compliments. me or says that i'm pretty for example. and that's awful and it's super rude. and it's invalidating and uh it's not me. and um it's just trauma. it's a deeper so if you guys. could help me be a little bit. more or try to. be a little bit more. receptive to these compliments. i would really appreciate it. because i don't want to. come across as a jerk. yeah thank you all right the the negative. stuff is drilled into. your head because you thought those people meant. what they said and it hurt. your feelings you thought they meant. what they said because they said it. people are giving you compliments. now you can't just decide that the people. who were mean meant it. and the people who are nice don't mean. it if people say things that are mean. and mean it when they say nice. things they definitely mean it. so take the nice thing. and keep it and let it lay on you. just like you do with the mean. stuff that they were saying before. it's all the same value. like you just you're just like discarding. it because the stuff before. was negative but the things people. say whether good or bad need to. carry the same truth value. otherwise it's inconsistent and that's just not fair. to yourself so you have to. remind yourself that that holds. as much weight as the stuff that hurt. before so let that [ __ ] make you feel good because they mean it they're not saying it just to. they're not saying it for any other reason. then then they mean it. when you popped up i said now. we're talking because i thought nice things. so yeah she's beautiful yeah. uh that's yeah that's true. you're that was very astute and um you know. i would have said that. but probably a little bit better. in a better way. i think that that's really really that's it. i mean we are geared to. see to think the negative. [ __ ] you know it sucks but yeah you're right actually that helps me because you know people i don't know you got to. let it all in either. let it all in or let it. don't let it in you know. but they're not you don't let people tell you how you are anyway. you got to know. how you are which is a very sweet. you seem like a very sweet. caring person and um and that's who you are so [ __ ] these [ __ ] both ways you're you that being said it does make sense that you that the harmful hateful ones that really hurt. stick with you because we're still animals. and animals are wired memory is a direct descendant. of pain pain creates memories. because when you are hurt. you just think oh i don't want. that to happen again. investing energy and remembering to. have that thing happen oops. right and uh a good thing. is just naturally less important. to survival because you don't need it. to keep living not about. survival oops but in this case we've evolved far. enough that it actually is necessary. to your survival right. you need to. remember the good things to. have a life that you enjoy to. feel good about yourself. because it's true. it's not some [ __ ] you're making up these people actually think it you know it's because it's just true. they're just observing you know yeah i'll go. one further the people that are saying. the awful things to. you they don't even mean. it because they're more upset. with themselves anybody that's likely. to mean less likely yeah for sure. any time someone says some hateful [ __ ] it's because of them dude it's because of what they're going through what kind of person looks at someone says yo you're fat somebody who's upset. at the world or themselves. yeah otherwise we have something to. do with you why. would you say that to. somebody yeah there's no reason. you know you're pissed but yeah i get it. my heart goes out to. you that's rough to. deal with you know you being uh traumatized in that. way you know everything. that isn't nurturing is trauma. that's what some people believe. but um yeah so people doing that. traumatize you over a long. period of time and now it's hard. to take a compliment. you're not this is all normal. stuff yeah but you're a unique. individual and uh and let that let that sink in let that let that dabble do you you know. what i mean no you ruined. everything you said that was beautiful. all right who's next and let that. double do you what's up. man chris this is nate. here from central minnesota. land of 10 000 lakes that. means chris i'll be seeing you april. 1st baby oh yeah so my question. revolves around anxiety and job. interviews here so um i'm just finishing up. nursing school here and um i'm gonna be starting. some interviews with some hospitals. and so one thing i do know. is that they'll have a panel. of roughly eight or so. people and um and you so sometimes you just feel like you're under a microscope. and that gives me crazy. anxiety and everything that makes me qualified. kind of goes out the window. so my first question is um how how do i deal. with the preliminary anxiety. leading up to an interview with the hospital. and my second question probably most important. is how do i reframe my mind. to put me on a level. playing field with some of the interviewers. so i feel comfortable and i can really show. who i am you know. to get the job thanks. guys appreciate it i used. to know what what good advice. i forgot i used to. know how to do this. and i forgot those people they're intimidating to. you because you are the outsider. and they hold the key. to the future that you want. okay you want to. go no go ahead uh but they're just like you they just happen. to be on that. side of the table. what i'm saying is the more you realize that. that person is the same. as you in terms of value. it's not that hard when we go. into an interview like that. where the stakes are high. and their decision about us. is like a big thing in our lives. we tend to. think that they hold some power. over us but they actually don't if you want. to reframe your mind that's all. you really need to. realize that those people all eight. of them five and whatever. you said are all just the same. as you they're just on the other side. of the table you. here's what people don't realize you've already won. because when i realized i used to. do auditions i haven't gotten. more jobs than you'll ever. not get okay right. i used to. not get jobs because i would go in i said they're seeing so many guys how do i know. i'm right for the part. this and that that and this they what i when i realized this it. changed not only how i felt about doing. it but also the jaw. i would get more jobs. they want you the other side. of the table wants you. to be the person. that so badly they don't. want to have to. sit there and keep interviewing people. they want this on a job. interview to. be the last one they want. you to sit there they want. you to come in and they want. you to be like oh [ __ ] yeah that's the guy that's already. what they're thinking so you're playing with house. money baby and once you realize that you've already won. okay because people go to. job interviews and they're going. they're all going thinking what you're thinking. whether it's conscious or subconscious but if you go in and you actually realize oh they want me to. be the guy you're already the guy. dude you've got such a leg. up that's it when i started. going into auditions and i was like oh. dude they want the guy they want me. to be the guy yeah. i'm gonna walk in and i'm gonna do a hell of an acting. job if i had to. play a pirate oh my god. you know what i mean. yeah [ __ ] she's [ __ ] wow right. imagine me saying walk the plank. community or if they want. me to be british. hello governor what's going on. if they want me to. be blind look i'm not a proc comic but whoa. dude wait but careful. what is this a [ __ ] poco loco. pollo loco but that's my point. that's my point dude. where is this pollo loco. i can't i can't see it. smells like chicken oh it's just thanksgiving. dude what you it's turkey. in thanksgiving so what what you what. you need to. do is realize you've already won. and you're the guy dude. i'm basically that guy. who talks like this yes um yeah yeah and they want you this. is how you know. they want you to. be the guy okay just to. put a cherry on top. no one really wants to. be anywhere and certainly no one. wants to be at work. yep they want to. go home give them a reason. to go home or at least. give them a reason to. check out so they don't have to. listen to the other people. who come in go go. in sit down and be like you guys. can go home and they say what. is it yeah exactly. exactly yeah take a long. sip like that spill a little bit. and then before you get to. it say do you guys. have a napkin or something. like that wow wipe it you. really milk it wipe it. and then be like this i'm the guy. and then go like this. so as far as you can until the door and if you have to. keep scooting a little bit you go. all the way to. the door and then get out. and then leave the only thing about that. is that if they don't have a rolly. chair bring your own. rolly chair or have your own. realtor just outside the door so if you walk in and see they don't have a really interesting one second oh yeah oh [ __ ] guys um actually be right back yeah or bring a buddy yeah bring a buddy to. carry to bring the rolling. chair in oh right. and then just like this you look at the chair. and say like this hey guys go home. this is how it goes go. home you guys do a napkin. thanks oh wow. i mean this is really hey yeah bring the royal children. thank you paraplegic wow wow. wow carrying a big marlin. what you just did what carrying a big. marlin marlin like a big. fish like a big fish. dumb of all things no. wow i'm smart i'm not dumb. okay so it's not so what i said. wasn't dumb because i'm not. that you imagine watching that. happen i mean i would be crying. i would be out of breath. and then i would die. people with no sense of humor. that like just work for a company they'd just be like he's okay. all right yeah they would be saying words. before he got to. the next thing yeah all right. oh he's got the job. and then just like who who was that. one yeah she's got the job. he's gonna be great. here kaiser permanente all right that's it. yeah i think that's it. that was good we got it. yeah we did it all. right thank you very much. for lifeline chrissy dot com. for tickets minnesota austin. texas i'll be there mad today. dot com for oneonone sessions. tuesday thursday [music] [music] hello. hello hello [music] 