 runk hello hello hello hello hello drop it like it's [ __ ] drop it like it's [ __ ] drop it like it's [ __ ] no we didn't start okay let's start and welcome to. whoops welcome to. lifeline it is episode pull it back. up pull up the thing i want to. see it is episode. 117 and of course it. is sunday welcome back. everyone we love you. it is july 7th. and guess what day. it is it is happy. it is world chocolate day. and we want to. wish you a happy world. chocolate day world chocolate. day for the fats so what do you think about chocolate. i in the worst interview i love. chocolate have you always loved chocolate. uh i i haven't always loved it. this much me neither dude. so you nice you like it. i love it now oh yeah i love but dad. always love it i love it. i love it i love it. dad would and we were like why. more than dad loving chocolate. it was also the only sweet thing. he'd ever eat yep and it made me want. to slap him never pct pct dad. with an nowator never that did. you ever want to. slap him because of it no. in the face no okay. i did uh get our patreon. patreon dot com lifeline lxury. uh we got our live. episode up there we got our a bunch of different. lifeline luxuries up there it's a lot. of stuff a lot. of content go over there and sign up we're pumping them out. yeah we're pumping them out three. a month baby oh so unimpressive. great great i can do that. uh if you have a question. go to script uh go to. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com and if you want a oneonone advice session with mt. go to mata. dot com and get the mer. lifeline merch dot com. uh and check out matt's podcast. private record and my podcast congratulations. you know what i mean. subscribe to congratulations. subscribe to the private. record subscribe to all right. uh other stuff oh hey that hat. is off my head what does. it say big what big virgin. energy oh god i'm a virgin. nice 40y old 40year old. version like like a movie right. i'm 40 but i'm just so young. you know what i mean. okay like even when i turn 40. or when i turn 40. in the future i'm going. to just be so young. you only turned 40 once though i'm just going to. be so young it's crazy. i'm kind of sick of it. okay well so um yeah it's officially. freaking summer officially i mean it. is hot i look hey dude oh i got a tan. okay i got a tan. you're a little you're got a little more. color than yeah i got two. i got i went i went in the sun. three days in a row. you look you actually look you never look. non vampiric don't have to. be rude about it and now you look non. vampiric does that even matter vampires. are hot so anyway i i got i i got two or three days in the pool. so might be why i'm a little bit tan. yeah you are a little bit tan. uh i'm so annoying because it stays cold. for a little too long. in la lately like it. stays cold kind of into. may and i'm like why is it. not su the second day. it's above 80 i'm like this. sucks it's too hot. get me out of here. not me as soon as the heat. turns up it can go up. and up and up and up. and up i'm just like w. w w let me do my stuff. dude when it's hot. dude when it's hot. i love the heat dude. i want it hotter. frankly i want it hotter. let me do my stuff. in the heat no you've been saying let me do my stuff. all day even before we started. recording and i want to. know why cuz it's in that. kendrick lamar song dude let. me do my stuff why does he say. stuff dude cuz people like you start it's the kind of thing. people like you want to. say and then the song becomes memeified and everybody's saying let me yeah maybe dude people try to. do meme i i people the clickbait. not that that's clickbait. clickbait is crazy there was a i meant. meme in the broader sense. i know yeah okay the the uh there was a a thing. today on something that was like it. was like people magazine and it was like woman. goes to sleep to. get uh her colon cleansed. and wakes up to. u and to. a hysterctomy oh what and it was like i was and and and she divorces. husband after that and it was that. was like theine that's not the right. the headline was just the worst. you know and then you look and it's because he was the do went. to go check to. see if everything was good down. in her colon and noticed that. there was stage three cancer. in her uterus so the doctor was like well. w w let me do my stuff. so he took it out that you have to. get oh you can't just do that. well probably stage three and the yeah if if there's cancer. up in there and it's three stage. three or four i think doctor's got to. do his stuff is that. i mean i don't know but that would be i would think you'd have to. wake the person up and be like hey listen. we got to do. this yeah yeah i don't know that. that was that was on the people. on people magazine so you know whatever. it is is very true. but maybe the couldn't do his stuff. right after like you got to. be right he's like i i can't. do my stuff yeah right. yeah i got do my stuff. right now i got to. do my stuff right. exactly yeah get me. the uterus remover wow that's so hectic. dude i don't like that. story little it's brut it's that kind of stuff. is brutal so why'd you bring it. up uh cuz we were talking. about clickbait yes. dude we were talking about. clickbait and weren't really i said meme. and then you started talking about i know. i know i know but people uh really don't care. about um the art anymore. you know it's more of what of of whatever. it's more about what what. what kind of clicks can you. get of journalism of you. know anything well the internet's never been about art appreciation. though the internet's always been about click click click click click traffic click click click click. cck click traffic that's you know. what i'm saying no that's uh as bad. as do my stuff okay. i think like do my stuff. uh i go back and forth. saying it you must like i go. back and forth i go. back and forth he goes back. and forth folks um so yeah. and it's so hot and i was swimming with my my son. trying to get him to. learn how to swim it's really hard. but then then i looked it up. today like i looked up. how to teach your kids. how to swim and it's uh it's really. uh they're like slow dude. you got to you got to. be patient so i'm like all. right cuz i you know i i don't get mad i've never yelled. at him i don't yell at him. but like i i i i'm like come on buddy. you can do this no i know. you can do this and no no. you know and i'm like is that i got to. push him a little bit you know. yeah yeah but yeah yeah i've seen you push. him like that yeah yeah yeah you got to. you got to get cuz it's like at what. point are you raising there there's you know there's it's there's the way to. be and then there's too much. one way and too much. the other way and it's like you don't want. you want to. try to ride the middle. there and kids are just like well. let me do my stuff. and parents have to. be like well you can't just do your stuff. you got to do. some stuff that some stuff. that i want do man. yeah yeah um anyway i i made him i made him uh you know. he just like wake up. and eat a cliff. bar and what's the cliff. bars bro your your your kids. eat cliff bars that's like only something. people over 30 should be doing yeah. man i know i don't i don't like it. oh okay got real real real fast. and it's it's fine. but it's just kristen want we started doing. it and i'm like we got to. stop doing it and now it's like my son. wakes up and needs a cliff. bar he's like a cliff. bar junkie tell them they're all. gone but they're not but tell them. all the cliff bars have sold. out and now we got to. eat something else you know. that's a lie it is a lie. i don't know man it. is what it is but it's just like uh you know. as long as he's running. around and outside and doing stuff. doing stuff doing his stuff. um anyway it's lifeline episode 117 which is pretty uh up. there huh we've done. 1177 episodes so far little over. two years and on chocolate day. why many days world chocolate. day it's so annoying well chocolate. day would be world chocolate. day i mean come on dude. not always not it's i guess. international chocolate day should be better. we don't recognize it. not every day is is an international thing. fourth of ju i know that. but it's like yeah fourth of july. but that's so obvious b steel. day what bas steel day. boxing day boxing only canada. is i thought it was is it. canada i don't know i thought it. was england i say whatever. what's boxing day i don't. know it doesn't matter it's the day. after christmas christmas know canada it's uk. i'm smart europe it's in. it's a canadia thing. canadia canadia canadia cool um i watched the. omen last night oh you know. how i do it. you you do know how i do it. though i don't know what you're talking. about well how do you do what. i watched the the the movie the first omen the first that. one i've seen wait there's a remake. right no no no it's not. a remake i didn't even know about this. no not even what is it. it's a prequel to. the 1976 movie and that re really recently came out right. this year yeah okay i had no idea that it was a prequel. i just turned it. on and i was like i think this. is part of the franchise. what franchise i didn't know. i was looking it up. as i was watching theie the first omen oh and um and so i'm watching it. it's it's good i liked it. a lot and um then i was like i looked it. up and it said it's the prequel. to the 1976 movie and i'm like you know how i do after that movie got done. i immediately turned on the omen that. movie is good be because it has a high floor. because george c scott is in it. and he's the best no. no no no uhuh george c scott is in the omen um uh uh uh gregory. peek oh what am i thinking. of i don't know but you need magic. mine i'm not i'm just looking up. because now it's going to. bother me and so yeah. it's good it's pretty crazy. uh and i i didn't know it. was like an actual kind of good. movie um you know gregory pek was in a downward. uh career traa trajectory i'm thinking about the changeling okay. and completely different and and and it was um and he was gonna he took the movie took the movie for like a nominal fee of his what. he's used to $250,000. and 10% of the gross. oh wow that's so much. of the gross. dude i mean it's $6. million but back in the day. that was that was a big. chunk of change anyway. but because what there was another famous. guy that was like i'm not going. to do it this. is funny he was like i'm not going. to do it because i don't want. to do a movie about the devil. okay and then in the sequel. he did the sequel. that other actor yeah and who was that uh wood. or something robert woodle or something. wood look woodward something wood. hall i don't know but anyway uh he was like no i don't want to. do it i can't do it. and then he was like oh never mind. i'll do it let me. do my stuff what movie. the omen wasn't lening at all. number two the omen two uh nope. william holden oh william holden yeah damn these movies had banger lead. actors it's so funny though. because like in the first uh he's the man. one in the first one. he's he's having a baby. and he's 59 years. old and he's having a baby. well i mean you know men. can't get pregnant that's why i said so uh it's not alienation. it's not like the movie. junior it's not like the movie. junior or or the tv. series alien nation where the men have. the babies and so don't know what that is. what don't know what that is. alien nation yeah really. am i supposed to. know what that is a man. i don't know what is that. it's just like it was an old. tv show it's like you know. back when like maybe when xfiles was on and stuff. it was like after that huh. alienation and the men had the babies. interesting anyway um the chair's too squeaky. huh your chair's been squeaky for weeks. does it show up on the podcast. some okay sometimes yeah uh no sometimes yeah he said dude. i'm not going to. move okay it's fine. we got to get wd40. on this though but um anyway uh oh we have wd40. yeah we do let him. do his stuff oh wow. all right so so what were we talking about. though the the movie yeah 59 and it's like he just had a big. and it's like no they didn't address. it at all yeah it. so imagine like a 59yearold in a movie. right now having a baby. it would be like so weird. they'd have to. address it yeah yeah they'd have to. be like wow you're so old huh. in old movies getting getting. a butt exam getting wd. foring my he's wd foring. my my my chair gonna wake up. without a uterus matt. i think it's i would say so you just sprayed so much wd40. we're going to be sick. all day smell oh it's a lot. better smells smells like yeah it's a lot. better yeah let him do l. better all right it also has to. soak in there great so anyway. um yeah they'd have to. say something dude. in old movies though it. it's so weird cuz back. then it was was pretty frowned upon. to not be married. when you were an older. guy so many movies have leading. men mhm that like the men. are clearly over 50 and they're just single guys. they never address yeah i. mean right now i'm thinking of a rear window. and it's like about a woman. trying to marry him. he's like no i got to. stay single oh wow yeah. it's weird single stuff yeah. i got to i got to. do my stuff i got to. do my stuff and stay. single i can't be married. i got to do. my stuff w w w. w w do my stuff off. um all right so all right. let's start yeah let's do a video. [ __ ] oh my god guy remember him this is the unhinged oh yeah double your money living out. of his bmw guy oh. yeah oh yeah i just wanted. you guys to know. uh i'm doing better now. i don't need anyone's capital. i'm i'm growing my own. myself doing doing okay things are things are on the up. and up that's good but i i do have a new question. uh how can i get women. to stop running away from me. after 45 seconds dav shortest the shortest. date of all time hi. how you doing so good. to see you so anyway. i thought we'd come here. where you going why you running. why you running why. you running i mean if you were acting anything. like you were acting in that. first video that would be why if you're not it. could be a number of reasons. one could be you're living out. of your car women don't typically. like that it it it's also women. just have too many. options they just they they don't. you got you got to. show them that uh it's you. but like you have to. not care about it. as well it's a weird. balance you know now. what could that possibly mean. you any of you said you got to. show them it's you but also what was that. hey baby it's me. but what do you mean. but i don't care that. if if you like me or not but you also have to. not care hey baby. it's me oh do you like me. or not cuz it doesn't matter. the worst date the worst. opening salvo on a date. i'll tell you right now. yeah if i had a date walked in did that. got out and just you're leaving. you're oh yeah why are you. leave that's how much i don't care i hope. hey it's me hey i love. it i'd love to. be with you but also don't care. so the woman has to. be like excuse me wait. don't go she would literally be like she probably would say. anything i'd leave go home sleep. so peacefully and see if she hits. me up but that's what he doesn't want. he doesn't want the date. to end after 45. seconds he specifically wants the opposite. of what you're i think. what he's saying is he wants. another dat like he wants. he's saying oh you know. what i'm saying like he's not saying. why are dates so short. he's saying why how come i can't. date women for more than one. or two days i think that's what he's saying. yeah yeah yeah and so i'm saying you got to. have the hey baby it's me. attitude but also behind that. but i don't care i don't. care okay i've got a bunch if you don't have women. i still have a bunch of women. in my mind and if not i still i've got xbox. you know what i mean. i could do that all day. long and i don't care oh that. would be a great. thing to say you know. what i don't care if we go. on another date i have xbox. guess what's going to. happen you're never going to. go on another date with that. woman again that's terrible. that would be hilarious. if i saw someone do it. but it would be the worst. idea of all d just the best. man uh but yeah i just the if if what you're saying. is desperation is repellent you're absolutely. right that is true. cross the board and is certainly true. when it comes to. the dating scene like you can't seem like you need the thing. to work out because the truth. is you don't need the thing. to work out right. right right because according to. what you're saying it typically. doesn't work out and look at you you're fine. you got those sick. sunglasses on you're doing better. you're growing your own capital. like out of the car. you're fine and you're going. to be fine if a hundred women. in a row reject you but like there's gonna you gotta here's what. you got to do. you got to know. because it's true. you got to know. eventually you're going to. find the person that's right. for you relax so relax. about it relax it's not like oh my god i got one. to say yes to. a date it's it's got to. go so well it's it doesn't have to. go so well yeah it's got to. go the way it's going. to go you do your best. if it doesn't work out she's going. to do her best too. if it doesn't work out so be it it's good. you don't go on another date. it's not going to. work on the long. run anyway you don't want to. just be dating you don't want. to just be like oh great. success in dating now i went. on 10 dates woohoo that's not good. that's not better yeah you. just want to. find the person that's right. for you it doesn't matter. if you go on one. date with again a hundred people ifund the 101st one. is someone you're gonna end. up with or spend a long. time that's all that matters. yeah no you don't have to. have sex with right so don't don't do. that so you won't get hpv. but if you do you might get hpv. all right well and then you know what that causes. cancer a lot of men. are carriers that don't even know it. i know i know ah he's a carrier. you ever know about that. on so much i love music. you're on so much. coke this episode it's crazy. i love him he's a carrier. dude my friend who is not with us. anymore he legitimately rode a motorcycle into. a pole oh dan. yep that guy was crazy. oh god god was he ever. and i loved you did. yeah him god i love god. i loved him dude. i'm so sad he died. but he um i thought he was popping. a wheelie yeah right. but he and then he ran into. a b oh my god the worst. one too um poor guy. anyway he was young dude. 26 26 oh my goodness. 26 um and you know how people are like wow. i i had no idea that that's how that is how he would have died. yeah right you know what i mean. people are like oh you would have never known. oh what how'd he die. a papa wheelie into. a pole right yeah dan. did that sure right hey guess who died. what' they do pap. b dan so um that's crazy. look a lot of time. is pass and i do think of him. sometimes but my gosh dude. he was obsessed with like i knew him. in college and when we were in college. in new york i went to. college for8 months and um i was friends. with all business school. stern school of business ohsh is is where you went. oh yeah stern it was a business. one what i just said yeah. stern so um yep so so german stern so uh i had another buddy. who went to stern. from my high school doesn't matter. who i remember him and dan. became friends with him outside of me. oh really because he's like yo there's another guy that want. to oh he used to. i remember how he used to. sound now too hey there's a guy who uh go went to. your high school you know. i was like oh yeah yeah yeah what the [ __ ] yeah you don't tell me. i'm like i don't know he was from. florida okay and he he got to. nyu and was like so now i'm one of the good fellas you know what i mean. and and and he was like man. that's what i love about. him he was talking about the guy. he's a carrier and i don't know what he means. to this day and i think he means. character no a gun i think he meant. i think the guy from high. school that i was friends. with with tried to. convince him that he carries. a gun around what but he doesn't no [ __ ] so that's not what it is then is what i'm saying well he's not an hpv carrier but then he i think he was saying character. like your other idiot friend. who said uh alzheimer's. dise dan was very smart. like your other idiot friend. who literally thought alzheimer was called. oldtimers well a lot of that. guy is kind of dumb. a lot of people think that though. and that that's just kind of a stupid. thing that's like saying supposedly that's dumber. than supposedly cuz that's just one letter. off oldtimer disease dude no i disagree. because i think let me tell you why. alzheimer's is something that old people. get so you might think alzheimer's. people like oldtimers i totally understand. that and they should change the name. of the disease i totally understand. that if you're 8 years. old which is totally acceptable to. think why is it it's it's oldtimers. he said he's a carrier. i love that he's a carrier. he did not mean car. how did you of all. people not ask him. what he meant it was early. on in the relationship okay. god forbid you ask him. what he means it was either. drugs or guns oh it. could have been drugs for sure. yeah he was on molly. all the time probably or whatever. ecstasy it was back. then uh anyway anyway yeah just just don't don't be desperate. don't it's tough because the harder. the the more you whatever get rejected. or it doesn't work out. the more it seems like you need to. like fix something or do. more but that is not necessarily the right. impulse because you end up. being even more desperate. just work on your keep working. on yourself on a separate. track eventually it will happen. london on the track. all right dude i'm goingon to. uh do your stuff on. this track and eventually it'll work. out i'm going to. listen to uh real [ __ ] g's. when i get in the car. later ah it doesn't matter nice. dude but you ever get that. like where you're like a [ __ ] yeah i remember a song and then you're like i'm g. listen to it later it. happened yesterday and today it's going. to be so dope. i'm g to. get in the car [ __ ] jez has something in his throat. jamaican song um all right but you know. what i'm talking about i do. i do i do getting married. getting married to a polygamist in a polyu. all right no okay don't make it dorkier. what i said was funny. don't make it dorkier. by saying a pole in a polyu said it. again don't respond to. threats okay next one. george bush all right mat. chris big fan from new. york i'll keep it short. a friend of mine blocked me few. months ago because i stopped lending. him money to. gamble oh i've known him. my whole life we gamble. together he led me money. back in the day okay. damn to even you know. to live and even to. play poker so i had enough. i stopped lending him money and he blocked. me and said we're no longer. friends hey the tongue move. he lives nearby i can knock on his. door and apologize but should i even apologize for not lending. someone money to. gamble with like yeah he said. he would do the same. for me but the tongue. like i'm not you know. those days are behind us i don't know what to. do tongue movement should i apologize. knock on his door. why why why would he apologize. for not lending him money. because the guy lended him money yes but he did. but but but he am i wrong. that this guy did lend. the guy money from i don't think so oh he never did. wait no no i don't think you're wrong. i'm saying no he did you were asking. am i wrong lent each other. money okay so this guy's like enough. yes he's out the other guy's out. of control now i mean. depending on the discrepancy. of how much it was i i don't think that. this guy's in the wrong yeah. me neither but i i mean. i think the guy who blocked. this guy is more if anybody's in the wrong. that's just so extreme also who is that. guy to say you the person. calling in has enough money to. lend yeah yeah yeah yeah like people are who knows what. people are going through financially. at any given time even people who seem like they're loaded. might be going through a rough rough patch. also like this guy i don't know if he gambles anymore. but if you don't gamble anymore. and you're like no i don't want to. be a part of that. world you're not going to. lend some money gambling. cu it's going to. [ __ ] activate you wanting to. gamble again i get that. yeah but you're really assuming a lot. no i'm just saying it could be it. could be anything you don't know. the bottom yeah i mean that's oh man. i really wish he was still if i could ask him. do you have you guys. historically paid each other back or do. you guys have an agreement that. like what's mine is yours. cuz a lot there's a lot. of variables here that. could make the only the guy who called a little more in the wrong. than it seems yes well there's obviously more. to the story but this guy the one. thing i could think is if the guy lent him. 20 grand and then he lent the guy two grand. right then that's not and then was like i no i can't. do it anymore. yeah then it would make more sense. but the i would say knock if you can knock on his door. he lives that close. do it and be like hey why' you block. me can we at least talk. about this like just because i said no. i won't lend you some money. you're just going to. block me we've been friends. forever been through a lot we've both lent each other. money i said no this. one time it doesn't mean. we're not friends our friends four. only lending each other money. like what is this uh but also you know. if we're trying to be understanding. clearly that guy's going through. a hard time yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that is very clear. so maybe be a little understanding. and maybe go go knock on the door. if it's important to. you yeah go knock on the door. and be like what's going on. man i can't lend you the money. but that's not important you're important. to me right let's figure this out yeah yeah yeah yeah that's good. do that for sure sounds like sounds like everybody's. spinning out a little bit yeah. but stay strapped dude. be a carrier when you go because you never know. no that's a bad idea you know. you don't know i'm just saying you don't. want to get caught slipping. right if the guy is at his house. you're huning his property depending on. where you are if you're in texas. he's [ __ ] so be a carrier stay strap. new york all right well then you know i mean. don't bring a gun. obviously okay next oh tape. it behind your head like uh bruce willis. and have it always be like he'll be like what's going. on with your head be like i don't know i got an itch. the whole time okay. well so you still want the money. huh all right well so anyway no. anyway ow and then the gun goes. off yeah i guess i don't know. oh it's all right next hi. chris and matt uh my name is kelsey. i'm responding to the sweet. sweet girl who's talking about. getting her dream job and her boyfriend. has his dream job. and they live together. and they have to. move apart if they take these jobs. um i just wanted to. let her know uh that my boyfriend. and i are currently doing. that we're about uh four months. into it um i took a dream. job in california and we are currently. living in virginia together. um but it's been really great. we plan on seeing each other a lot. he's only been so supportive of me. taking and pursuing this uh career. and there's a foundation of trust. and respect and uh it's been really great. for us so i think it. will be really great. for you i definitely don't regret. taking my job um and uh i think that doing the longdistance. thing will be worth it. for a while so we'll see. how it goes but good luck. to you and i really hope that. you take your job. so sweet very sweet. just a very very very sweet. person even offer uh advice. on just like totally doesn't have. a question that happens. i guess it's her podcast. now you know what bye guys. it's now this if very nice redhead. woman's uh podcast and it was just her. dude i feel like i guess yeah i i think that's kind of what. we said right that is exactly. what i said and here's the c. the proof is in the pudding. right here she she's she's living oh right. yeah totally and she went. to california byebye. money but it's all good. it's like you know i mean. i know you're going to. have a career now not. just a job but also buy by money. you know and why is it. buyby money taxes yeah taxes are tough uh in california. but they're also tough everywhere. in the country because federal taxes. st right but state taxes byebye. state money byebye state money. dude you know what i mean. i do know what you mean. but you're dumb no uh yeah. i mean thank you call. california you're living proof that the advice. that we mainly i gave previous. caller uh so yeah great thank you. very much thank you very. much all right next one. hey madden chris hello i love you guys. so much all right. so here's my questions. i want to. know what are your thoughts. on the secret the law. of attraction do you guys. believe that your thoughts become a reality. do you guys believe that. whatever you dream you can. achieve it you know how how much of the law. of attraction do you guys. believe for example uh do you believe well the law. of attraction only works if. you work hard for it. and you don't think just because i wanted something. i'm going to have it. and i'm just asking you guys. um i'm trying to. have a now i'm sorry. let me rephrase that i am going. to get married on july. 6th in houston texas congratulations. and everyone knows how hot. houston is and i want to. manifest a 72 degree wedding. that doesn't work on july. 6th or i will manifest it will. happen so what are your thoughts. do you think someone can change the weather. oh god really get the isue one. single person can change the weather. locally you know or is that crazy. went from working hard crazy. as believing in crystals. went from your thoughts i am michelle. obama she ends it. dude dude no is the [ __ ] answer hey dude in the beginning. is working hard can you really. agree that working hard you can get what. you want yeah can you change the weather. i'm michelle obama okay. look you know dude no it's not going. to be that degrees. and it's going to. be hotter not. going to be that degrees. it's summer in houston dude. you everyone at your wedding. is going to have swamp. ass it's going to. be awful swamp ass. is the most going to. say after you say do you have swamp. pass and it's going to. be so bad dude. but it's going to. be great and you're going. to love each other and it's going. to be so sweaty the secret which for those who don't know is. a is a is like a what what what would. you even call it was. it a book first the secret. and then there was like a uh video that was very popular. ideology selfhelp basically and now it's literally basically you can manifest things. make things come true. just by focusing on them and thinking about them. meditating on them now obviously just in general. that's [ __ ] there are things that again. she as she said if you think about it. put a lot of energy. into it and then actually act toward those goals. of course of course that's a real thing. have a better chance of becoming actions. than nonth thoughts so yes so there you go. but it's like you know the amount of the amount of not true. about the what but sorry. i'm just finishing up here your thoughts. have nothing to. do with the [ __ ] weather no metap met metaphysical evidence okay nobody's thoughts have anything to. do with the [ __ ] weather well i mean indians would oh is she indian. i don't give a [ __ ] i'm just saying nothing she thinks is going. to affect the weather ever whether it's on. her wedding day or any day. go ahead yeah i mean i'm just saying if you you you've got pretty. much no shot you've got a fighting. chance if you invite the cherokee tribe a day. early to houston and do the rain. dance or the sue. talking out of your [ __ ] dude. don't even know which tribes. sue do the things you're sue. or cheroke or another one. well that's true because you that technically. any invite the cha ch. is such a sick name. yeah is that my name a lot. of those tribes uh or nations or whatever. have the coolest invite. the ch indian invite a group of ch. indians a day before the. wedding to do a dance. for 76 degrees hey stupid stupid. to do the last part. but no honestly stupid to. do the last part what what. was the deal with you. could say you weren't supposed. to say indian then it was supposed. to be native american. now indian's good again whatever it is. i don't care simply don't. care that's what what do. you mean don't care what it. i don't care call whatever. whatever it doesn't matter but if you call. whatever whatever then no one knows what. anybody's talking about they saying trean instead of sky. i am a i am a rightwing. extremist and what does that mean. i call anybody anything and it doesn't matter. and it's not a that's what a leftwing. extremist is you [ __ ] idiot you call anybody anything no i'm saying i'm not afraid of certain words i'll say whatever i want oh wait hang on cuz i'm a rightwing extremist i got a fantasy baseball update it doesn't matter about doesn't matter it wasn't what i thought it was going to. be anyway noar garcia pierre noar garcia. piia yeah french no garcia yeah he hit a home. run goes and runs the bas say all right. now i already did that you didn't. love you guys love. the pod and um that is my name is kayla keing. i'm not related to. lizo though i do be eating cool. anyway so my question today is about dreams. i've been having dreams about this. guy that i didn't even have sex. with that we talked for a bit. and i'm in a relationship now with someone. else and i keep having these dreams. where we're like resolving conflict. this guy ghosted me. by the way well there you go it's just like [ __ ] with my head and then i wake up. and i don't know if i'm supposed. to like tell the guy. that i'm with now like i'm still having dreams. about this guy but like i still love. you but like this guy's in my head. of course what do i do. do i tell the guy i'm with that. i'm dreaming about this guy. who i was only talking to. for like a couple weeks. but i still see this. guy like on the regular the guy. who goes to me. i'm having dreams about all. right well at least that but we don't talk. so do i tell the guy. i'm with now and also like how do you stop having dreams. about someone who you don't want to. have dreams about thanks love you. i mean i think that you don't. say anything it's like this. is just a you battle. it doesn't really matter though. the dream you're having a think about that. guy obviously sometimes this is not the case. but often times it certainly sounds like in. this case it's it's true. it's not about that guy. people represent ideas and things. feelings whatever in our dreams. like just because if i'm if i have a serious. girlfriend and i'm deeply invested in the relationship. and i'm having some random i randomly happen. to be having dreams. about someone i dated years. and years and years ago. who keeps popping up in my dream. it doesn't mean i'm like thinking about her. or i miss her or my current girlfriend. has some reason to. be jealous it's totally out of my. control your mind's trying to. work something out who knows are you crying. yeah but like you you don't. know you if your boyfriend got mad. about that that would be weird. if you want to. tell him if it's bothering you that. much and you want to. talk about it then then talk to. him about i can understand. why a a certain type of guy. would feel uncomfortable about you having a dream. about another guy but i mean. i i wouldn't but like i would be like if she keeps having it. i would be like huh. and he goes to. you huh well i think the ghosting. is the thing you want to. think about plus he's what is this. thing you say you always see. him but you don't talk to. him what was that's weird. but maybe they're like in a class. together or they work together oh yeah okay you know well it might be maybe he's wearing a muzzle here's what you don't want to. do and this is coming from experience. because i've been on the other end. of it and it's so useless. and uncomfortable don't get the idea that. it would be a good idea. to talk to. that guy who ghosted you to. try to sort out. your feelings so you stop dreaming. about him oh wow. i've had that happen to. me the dreaming thing too what what you. uh an ex of mine. has been not this was like a couple years. ago had been dreaming. about me a lot. lately she's married with children. okay she was like hey and i hadn't heard from her. in a while you have you. have like some time to. talk one of these days and i was like sure. whatever i i didn't know what. i had no idea what she wanted. to talk about and uh she was like she told me. that and she was like then then she was like i would like to. resolve our issues because then maybe i could stop having good. my dreams and i was like what. are you involving me for resolve. the [ __ ] without me she wanted the e. i don't even remember you. she yeah she wanted you both. laying horizontally in the same. room together doing that e. that's what she wanted maybe underneath. but certainly not i don't i i didn't. get that sense but maybe i don't know. she probably didn't either but she wanted that. e maybe that e you know anyway. yeah just don't involve him. it has nothing to. do with him it's all about you. like keep it to. yourself well it'll go away. it'll go away we can dream about the guy forever it. might not go away if you're like ah i need to. stop dreaming about it then it might stick around. yeah relax rel about. it you just thoughts it's just a weird. thing that's coming up it'll pass. it's going to. be fine don't feel like you're hiding. something from your boyfriend. if you don't bring it up. bring it up if you really need to. it's not that big of a deal. though also and keep in mind. that it's not that big of a deal. because then it'll be more likely. to go away also i want to. know how many how many dreams. she's had of the guy if it's three that's way. different than every single night. for four weeks you know what i'm saying. of course every single night. for four weeks then i'd be like uh yeah that's b. maybe if that is happening. then you got to. talk to everyone about it. well he told us so well i mean. hopefully your boyfriend now doesn't watch the show. yeah okay i i strongly believe that. your boyfriend should not have an issue. it doesn't oh yeah okay. so you so you're saying it doesn't even. matter if she tells them or not it. shouldn't yeah yeah i wouldn't care. i mean kristen's had dreams. of exes and stuff i don't. care i don't s and it's all. good man i wake up. even happier it's the best. thing that ever happened but i i um no but like she's told me. about it and i just like laugh. if it's like something i'm like because dreams. are usually funny and weird. yeah and also we don't have control. over our dreams and it's not. people think oh you're dreaming. about somebody that means you're thinking about them. and you care about them. that's not what that means. at all i dream about the most random. [ __ ] and people that i've known over the years it. has nothing to. do with them yeah true. sometimes it does like if it's but even then i was going. to say if it's like my dad. or my most recent ex. but even then it's sometimes. not specifically about them you know. yeah right and sometimes they say everybody. in your dream is you anyway. you ever hear that yeah i have heard that. i don't know who made that. up but that sounds kind of cool. i'm not sure if it's true. or not but maybe you're just dreaming. it yourself which is really conceited and you should take a look. at that and maybe not be in a relationship. i think not only is everyone. in my dreams me but everyone in my life. is me yeah now. you're sound now you're sounding like the girl. who thinks you can change. in weather you're me the girl. who can change the weather. is me chris is me anthony is me okay. that's literally calvin said that. last year that's a cool. thing to say um. all right so okay. well let's do another one. then yeah hey man. chris you guys briefly mentioned. in the last episode i watched. that your mom will add like s's. and stuff to. movie titles my mom does. that same exact. thing where like sausage. party with sausages partying like. she'll completely [ __ ] it up like tenses to. the verbs and [ __ ] that don't exist. or add or subract the why. do you think a lot. of old people do that. like sausages partying that. is galactic guardians instead of the guardians. of the galaxy or what was the other one. um oh yeah it comes. at night was uh the night comes right. why do why do you think that. old people kind of like roly [ __ ] up movie titles saw your pueblo. show chris absolutely insane. it was insane thank you that one. was insane um what what what did. he say that he saw my peblo show. which was like i did. 30 minut yeah i did 30 minutes of this gang. talking about this gang member. there anyway um it's on my youtube. go check it out but the um i i i i feel i'm 44. i feel like it's happening. to me because i'm like i could give a [ __ ] it's it's what it's called. so you think it's about the lack of [ __ ] giv. i do yeah i think it. starts as that and then just becomes i don't. know what it's called now. you know but but that's not what people. say what what the people like mom and the person. he's see talk about his. mom i for i didn't catch what yeah. i think so then they're not saying i don't know what what the name. is they're they're saying the name. with confidence and then putting an s on the end. so it's not like i don't give a [ __ ] it's like i know the name this plus s it's not that i don't give a [ __ ] it's that you know who was one. of the worst people in history hitlers it's it's the fact. that they don't care enough. when they're hearing it. for the first time h. that they're like uh this. information is they're old they're like i i've heard everything. i don't this is not impressive. if it's really something i need to. hang on to i'll hang on to. it but then you end up saying troy. aman and my mom doesn't give a [ __ ] so later on she's like uh tro uh rob aman's and then it's like cuz she didn't process it cu she doesn't care cuz she know she doesn't need to. she's 76 yeah she's not 76. but yeah she's 75 she's 74. no yeah she'll be 75. this year really yeah she not 76. nope i mean 75 not. nether one of them. she'll be 75 this year. like i said already he already. turned he just turned 76. i thought mom and dad. were the same age and then one age up. same age one that's not something. what you said the same. age and then one age up yeah well. you know because oh the year. okay 48 and 49. it's 48 and 49. yeah dad and then mom yeah. so it is right. so then so then they're both the same. ag birth hasn't come i know but then so she's gonna if he's 76 already yeah then she's got to be. oh because he turns. yes exactly a little bit before. her so so they're never the same. age never no really yeah wow. they're a year and a half. apart almost exactly actually okay. cool almost to. the day a year and a half. apart oh to yeah. yeah okay yeah um that. i think it's like a like a true. mystery why old people just suddenly start adding s's to. words and names it's crazy. funny to me but it's not. just adding s's it's also other things and those things. that are accompanied with it are. messing up names. saying different places so you think adding an s is. just another okay yeah maybe yeah i i think so yeah. yeah maybe that's probably true. actually i'll give you that one. okay cool okay hey i may have done some gardening tonight as the kids. call it these days i was thinking no i was ing. the kingsman movie i wasn't thinking. oh so different um and he said you know. humans are the only species. that have to. live with the knowledge of their mortality. like animals don't know that. they're going to die. someday like the spyer demon so like would you not want to. know that you're going to. die yeah cuz in theory. you'd be like well if i know i'm going. to die i'm live my life. to the fullest steven yeah to. the fullest steven what it doesn't seem like we do that. anyway so maybe we would live our life. to the fullest if we didn't know we were going. to die okay accurate. yeah probably i would rather. not know yeah uh i may not i mean. like look not everybody in the world. that ever has been born. has died so of course not so what does. that mean it's not proof. that everyone dies oh oh. so stupid um yeah it's weird. that a you hadn't realized that until whatever age you are but b that what made you realize it. was the movie the kingsman. well call fro good actor uh because this. is something i've literally been thinking about since. i'm years old and i've even seen kingsman. and i didn't think of it. you still never thought of it. until she said it when that happened. i go and then now i hear it. on lifeline got it okay yeah uh yeah. i i i don't think i i guess. but see here's the thing. my instinct is kind of to. say yes i would like to. not know that i'm going. to die but then i'm human. and i would learn it because i'm wait a minute. it be where's ralph. it would just it would happen. natur these old people keep going away. there's no version of being alive. as an aware adult. human you realizing [ __ ] idiotic. that other people die and then realizing wait i'm another person. too and there just no. version i take it. back just like that i take it. back yeah and i cuz i i grow and change and learn. i'm not the kind of guy who's stuck. in my ways like that. nice you know um but yeah i i what. did you just look at you. looked at something over. here dude what why do you ask me. that kind of [ __ ] i'm looking at something but why do you care you committed. the sin of letting me. see you look at something besides my face. why do you even now. i'm making you pay for. it what is it see. you what is it dude. there's one piece of beard. hair that's sticking out sticking out. right this is why i asked cuz i knew. cuz i thought it might be that. cuz it's i saw it. earlier oh yeah so now take back. being mad i'm not mad pull it out. pull it out no no no no no. oh so scared dude but it's a whole. hair it'll hurt no. i don't i don't feel pain. i mean you know all right. we'll do it later cut. it later but i'm scared. of it cut i have someone else. hand scissors but um i i just think uh yeah. that is weird that you always notice. when i like look at look. at that look over. there on me. oh it's prettyy i know we've talked about this. a guy i know named. rob ward way back in like fourth. or fifth grade whenever one. of us him too weal. we face gets touched right. no no he would go like this. but isn't that him no oh is it. is it the guy. don't touch my face i have a thing. about my face getting touched. no that's not rob no. he would go like this he'd be talking to. you go like this just look at your forehead. and look your eyes like why. you look at my forehead. and then i brought it up. to him and he was like yeah. he does do that. to me too i was like what. what are you looking at a forehead. for it's weird also especially cuz he's he was tall. right yeah weir up. at my forehead yeah if you're watching rob call. into the show make a video do make a video about why. you used to. do that maybe you still do it. wa his wife's watching right. now and she's like oh my god yes. yes exactly um finally someone gets my plate. uh yeah uh what what was. the thing about what was the last. one about the the the essay right. was that the last one. no it was the uh the the animals. dying oh right duh du du i mean both how could i i have the worst. shortterm memory i have the worst shortterm. memory in the history of humanity it's mindboggling. how much i forget stuff. that just happened and remember everything. that happened a long. time ago i have the best. shortterm memory and the worst longterm. memory and i have the best. shortterm memory it's a joke. wow dude it's a joke. no it's like a [ __ ] steve martin joke. you know wanted to. wanted me to. say steve martin not uncle. vinnie you know steve. martin him and i kind of [ __ ] vibe like that have the same. thing the least similar sens of hum. well we're both silly right. wants to be like ste mar. i mean i'm just saying i could get a suit. um all right next one. oh here we go hi. chris and matt i love you. guys so much um i'm a day. one baby day one listener. of congratulations of lifeline the private. record um i'm a huge fan of you. guys and what you guys. do um my issue is that i just really don't enjoy. being around my boyfriend's family. um they're very prim. and proper and formal. and my family just isn't so i'm just not used. to the formality um but i've been with him. four years um uh we're planning. on getting married in the near. future but i've yet to. just really relax and be comfortable around. them his two brothers and their girlfriends. are really close to. our age but they have huge [ __ ] ginormous sticks up. their [ __ ] and just give off this energy that they're so much. better and more put together than us. and it just feels like a constant. competition of who's doing the best. and who's most successful and it's just obnoxious. and it's gotten to. a point where i really just dread. having to be around all. of them it's definitely not. a situation where i can just avoid. spending time with them. um we've tried to. just you know try and get them. to let loose i'm always trying to. lean in and deepen my connection. with everyone anyway but i just feel so different. from all of them. that it doesn't seem to. help or make anything more pleasant. so you know is this some sometimes. just a part of having inlaws and just buying. the bullet for your partner. and getting through these little family. weekends or is there. a way that i can make these family. gatherings a little bit more. enjoyable any advice is is greatly appreciated. love you guys thank you. it's at some point it. just it's not on you anymore. you know what i mean. like it sounds like he your your soon. to be husband a agrees with you. which is i think the most important. thing if that's the case. which is what it sounds like. you guys need to. figure out little things you can do. while you're around them. little signals little exactly little code. words oh like that uh that you can it's like little moments. where you can be making each other. laugh or at least. feel like you're in something. together oh i thought you meant. to signal to. each other that is what it. is oh you're signaling i've got to. take a big [ __ ] yeah that might not be the best code. phrase for that because then you actually have to. get up and leave for a little while but your boyfriend. like it in i'm trying. but yeah you gotta up. the enjoyment of the tiny. unit within the bigger group. otherwise you are destined to. just suffer through them and then and then obviously you talk. about it afterwards. you know you but but you want to. be able to. do that during so you can at least. have little spikes of enjoyment. throughout but yeah that is part. of that is it's why. people say oh the inlaws are coming. to town and everybody knows what you mean. yeah i mean like look. you know at at some point. you just got to. divorce yourself from the actual you. know other people that are adding to. this if you're trying to. fix it and they can't then that's on. them yeah you know i i i it's hard. it's hard it's hard it's probably. one of the hardest things to. do in life i think is actually uh not take on. other people that matters feelings. like that you know. um explain that a little bit. well like you you know. you you said i was you said i'm actually. good at it but i was thinking. about it after you said that. you said this last time. and i'm like i am good. at it unless they like matter. if it's kristen or you or you. know mom or dad my kids. you know it's like if if i did something that made them. feel bad my world is. way different but if it's somebody i work with or somebody that. i was like i i don't care. like that didn't i don't care. what if it has nothing to. do with something you did. yeah uh that's good that's a good. question um does it affect. you no really it only affects you. if it has something to. do with the effect. of your it's my codependence. it's my codependence is what i'm getting. at wouldn't that be the opposite. though well like if somebody like okay look if somebody came up and if if somebody came up and said oh man i just lost my job. of course i would [ __ ] feel bad for them. mhm is that what you're asking. i mean it's an example of the kind of thing. but like i'm talking about a little smaller. scale stuff like you send someone's just down. and you care about that. person it has nothing to. do with you but i would feel it yeah. i would if i cared. about the person okay but but you did. say i'm good at that. last you're yeah you're good. my perception of you was. that you're good at not taking on. other people's feelings of of people. you care about uh it. depends really it really depends all right. i'm the worst at that i take. on you are you are. the worst at it yeah. yeah you are the worst. of it okay i mean. making me feel you're huge gaping died. flatl uh one more no yeah yeah okay. hey m and chris love. the con content keep it coming okay. i actually made a submission ag. ago uh about my fear of flying. you helped me so much. actually because you you said that. like i'm not that special. to be the one to. die in the play cr. but you also said that. um you give my family. a million pounds if i died. in plane crash and i kind of feel like you. saying that i was like well if i [ __ ] die. a plane crash then like this. would be the maddest coincidence so but i feel like it. would be kind of sick. in some in some respects. but um i've been thinking about this. thing i have a feeling that. chris is going to. agree with me agree with me. and matt and matt might not but i'm also going. to try and explain this. because i find it kind of hard. to explain this but um when i'm watching films. or listening to. music um you know it's like it's it's subjective. and certain films will. be or music will will say you know. take from it whatever. you get um but with me. i feel like i'm watching or listening. to this thing because i think that like i think the the person. who's making it is sick. so i'm i want to. know what you're thinking and what i should take away. from it because otherwise if you just have a song that's really vague i might think oh well i just be really biased and just take my idea away. from it and just kind of keep going. with what i'm with what i'm doing. because it fits with my life. whereas what i want to. hear is like that person who's so. [ __ ] clever to. make that i want to. know exactly what they're telling me. and what they think like for instance. m making a film um. you might say take from it. whatever you know you get from. it um but if i'm wanting to. learn something i want to. know exactly what you're thinking and why. you're making it so i can take away. whatever you're telling me. because you're [ __ ] way smart than me. probably probably but um yeah i don't know. what you guys think hope that makes sense. interested what you guys what. you guys think about that. back thank you so much. keep doing everything you're doing. um you're the best you. you yeah you only own. 50% of what you make creatively though. because it's like once you put it out. into the world it's what other people take from it. is that's what's important. to them i mean you know and and and that's kind of one. of the things about art right. i mean i don't i i always want to. know like if i see a david david lynch movie i i wish. i knew what david. lynch was trying to. say you think part of you want wishing. it so badly is. that you know he'll never tell. i'm in the middle on this. because i i as a person making there's two versions. there's me as an audience. and me as the maker. as the maker i'm i'm kind of interested. in being like okay. this is what i meant. right in the right context. but sometimes you just want to. be like well it's more more important. what it meant to. you because at a certain point. there's like a tipping. point i think where you're potentially diminishing someone's enjoyment. of it by explaining too much. but i don't subscribe to. the thing that lynch does which is. like i don't explain anything. at all it's just there's it's beyond. explanation even for me. it's all up to. you it's like i'm more in the middle. side i get both. and it can be very frustrating. when an artist is. like i i i don't know it's not up. to me it's like well. you made it though you went. through all the pain in the ass. work of making it every single step. you went through because you just had to. make it so bad you didn't feel. nothing about it we want to. know what you did i tell you about the i saw the tv. glow movie that i saw it. yeah i didn't see it. but it's uh it's like that. like it's it's kind of like what. is this about and then you think about it. and i was watching it. and i was like man. this is really good i think i know. what they're saying but i looked up. an interview of the director afterwards. and she just [ __ ] explained it. mh and i was like oh yeah oh that. ain't it or oh you like no no no that that was what i thought. but a version of what i thought. it's never going to. be the same right but like i'm i'm like that's i was like oh cool all right. and i liked it more i guess. a bit of a cop. out i think when filmmaker filmmakers at least are like no no i don't want to. explain i think they're they're sort of backing. away from the risk of alienating. the most of of the most possible. people liking the movie. because it's safer to. be like i don't know it's up. to you and then that person can take whatever. they want and so can everyone else. who heard that interview but it. takes kind of like a bigger. nut sack a bigger onor de bak right. i don't know to. not sure what that is to. say this is what i meant. and if you thought something else you're [ __ ] wrong that would be sick if every director was like you know or every writer of every book was like this is what i meant if you think that other thing and and that means a lot to. you guess what you're [ __ ] wrong. and you wasted all your time. doing that and they did this. right then that would be absolutely. insane but that would be the ballsiest. [ __ ] to do. literally the balls is cuz your balls. were almost just [ __ ] uh steven spielberg that'd be amazing. was 's list meant about bfg. about bfg what's that. the the animated movie about the big friendly giant. guy oh yeah big big friendly. giant big [ __ ] giant uh. not enough people know what bfg is though. i bet more people watching this. show know what bfg is than schindler's. list no way that's crazy. bro i you're so out of line. look well what i mean. that's we i'm just going. off what's more recent people know things. that's shin is a classic. alltime it's classic classic. all time movie bfg i didn't even. know what it was when you said it. dude it sounds like a rap. group but dude you're like 55. you know what i'm saying like most i'm not 55. i'm 44 and let me do my stuff. dude most people aren't paying attention. to movies that came out 30. years ago man you're completely you're that's off you're off bro. and we figured it out. so that's great comment yeah let us. know in the comment and don't be afraid to. be like i know what bfg is. but i don't know what shin. resistance nobody cares everybody knows everybody. knows movies don't mean anything. to anybody in oh [ __ ] i'm going. to be in australia. i forgot to do. my dates god dang it. man i wanted to. do it in the middle. i'll be in australia. dagit uh duth minnesota and. a bunch of different places. just put the link down. there go see chris leon tour. i'm going to be in uh memphis. tennessee dallas witchita. kansas oxnard california macallen texas bowmont petersboro. or no peterboro uh london duth uh thunderbay. speaking of thunder uh chris dot com thank you very much guys. thanks [music] everybody. hello hello hello hello hello hello 