 [music] lifeline is an advice show. for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or a licensed professional. [music] hello [music] we're live do it. live now how annoying was it. when we started yeah let's get it. what they need to. know about knowing that it. was like a seven out. of ten so we started and he turned he turns the air. off he turns the air. off and then gets the cameras ready now why is that bad. well because it's very very very very very hot. outside and therefore very hot. inside it's 102 degrees. outside it is that's awful. right and he turns the air. off and then gets the cameras ready when he should get the cameras ready. and then turn the air. off right the air. should be going as long. as possible right until up. to the moment we're about to. start so we get the fullest. extent of the air for the longest. amount of time correct scientists. ought to work now that's the truth. okay number one now look at me look. what i'm doing i was gonna ask who wanted. to go first but i guess. you do pure spectrum. gummies i eat them it. helps with my restless syndrome he's been complaining about restless. leg syndrome for [ __ ] ever. and guess how annoying it is 10. out of 10. okay but and now it's not annoying. right because i take it. to them whatever it's called. what's it called pure spectrum. okay it's pure spectrum. no thc but anyway i'm gonna provide. a link i'm gonna provide. a link for you guys under this. and you can get ten. percent off of this uh by using the code. oh congrats my other podcast. i'm so sorry oh congrats. no congrats all right well why are you [ __ ] hacking other. shows [ __ ] i know my show i know i feel like my [ __ ] show because i'm up because i'm a brand ambassador my baby now i put this under my [ __ ] tongue anxiety. levels the [ __ ] down i'm serious and no [ __ ] wrestle saying i don't understand it's like a magic are you gonna know if it performed well here if you're using the other code i'm using the congrats code he's using the congrats code that's what i'm saying say like you should say use code lifeline and tell them to. have a code oh so confusing. what you're saying let's see what you're saying. well right now the code's congrats if you want it you can't change it it's the code's congrats guy says or lifeline. it's not lifeline okay you know. and in other news so worst. news already a lot. of you guys uh dm me. and you're like hey because i give i'm the one. that gives good advice. chris gives whatever the [ __ ] i don't i give good. advice take pure spectrum. cbd for you russell. sager during the show you give also generally stupid advice. you know okay uh i give good advice. and you seem to. all uh recognize that and appreciate it. the problem is sometimes you write to. me via dm asking me for advice. and let me tell you something. i'm not gonna do that. because that takes up. too much of my time. time and also this is a [ __ ] job not a recreational hobby. so now that being said i have decided to. give private advice sessions available to. you all go to. my website mattalia dot com. you can book 20. minute or 40 minute. sessions it's just me your [ __ ] boy. don't say jesus like that. and uh oh it's cool. yeah yeah you should do it. you need advice on a lot. of things you can sign. up i'll sign up uh yeah. and that's the deal so do that. now matt dalia dot com. go schedule private advice. with me will you be a [ __ ] boy will you be saying give sp. will you be giving will you be saying the spin move. stuff at all absolutely never okay. well you i will make sure i will i can't. guarantee it because that gets into. legal issues but i will make your life. more pimp and pimp and i promise. you oh more private payment. definitely okay to. be you could say that. yeah well well your honor. his life he did make his life more. pimp and pimping um and also i will say this dude. um completely forgot what i was. gonna say nice yes dude. too much of that [ __ ] thc no he's not that. that's yes dude word recall. is terrible wow dude. wow uh if you take apart. let me finish i wasn't gonna. make a comment about the cbd i was gonna make a comment. about thc which is not in there. right have you ever taken. thcs nope have you ever. drinking alcohol no took a step i was there. when he took a sip and guess what you did. spit it out i didn't mean. to take a sip once. uh [music] [laughter] [laughter]. anyway dude uh i forget what i was. gonna say it was funny. as [ __ ] and now you guys don't get to. have it because you know the first time. i don't actually i haven't even taken. that but in a long. time though after ex. of gabapentin gavin penton gavin penton i was kevin. clinton gabapentin dude the name of the why. don't they make [ __ ] medical names. easy they don't want to. they want to. make it so you can't. say it because then you got to. pay the guy who knows. how to say it. right it adds to. like the separating of the dumbasses. like us and the professor. yeah definitely you thought. that before i mean. not like in a conspiracy. way but i do think that terms in general. groups come up with terms to. exclude not for any other reason. they'll be like i'm going. to make up this like fancy. [ __ ] term so that only we understand. it and people outside of this. group won't understand it and they got to. come to us to. gain understanding i'm smart. do you think that that's why. we came up with rank. no runk was on this. on the [ __ ] fly on the spot but what i'm saying. but people don't know what it. is unless they come to. us and they say hey what's wrong. yeah but you were making a joke. you didn't think oh i'm gonna exclude people now. you just said something. funny i love excluding people. okay well that's your own. problem um i will say though. that i was on the road. this weekend okay and how was that i have a video out. there it's called the tor report and it's on my crystallia. channel but on youtube and it was awesome. yeah it sounded honestly. you you're really transparent on. text like i can always tell when you're in a [ __ ] mood in a whatever. mood uh in like a ditzy mood. which is what you usually. are in and then also when you're in a good. mood yeah and it was very obvious. from before you went out. to dallas it was dallas. right uhhuh and while you were in dallas. your mood was like crazy. crazy elevated yeah i was. down before that i still have ups. and downs you know when i'm on the road but uh it was great to. get to see my family. because kristen and calvin were in st. louis and then they met me in dallas. and when i saw them it. was great dude when he wears the [ __ ] uh your earphones it's so cute. but um so i was in dallas. and i was in uh wichita and it was great. and uh opened up with some btk killer. jokes in wichita i bet. those killed i don't like jokes. like that but i don't care. i don't care that you. don't like them other people. like them you're not the only person. in the world that's how it's gonna be by the way when you sign. up for his advice. but uh i don't care bloom. yeah and uh and so now i have uh atlanta which is sold out. hey would you look at that. good for you and and then i have washington dc. limited tickets left and then stockton coming up in california. yep been there wow you have yeah. why have you been to. stockton just going through you know. i'm a rambling man i used to. be around with a man. oh no i'm kind of more sedentary but i used. to be a rambling man. cool just learned the words. and uh today class and when i was a rambling. man stockton was a place. i ended up [ __ ] a johnny. cash song when i was a rambling man stockton was a place. i would end up in ended up in two. times not would end up it's not theoretical. i did end up there. too i was a rambling. man i used to. uh i would end up. in stockton when i was a rambler man. i would end up in auckland when i was a rambling. man well two times in stockton i wanna. what two times in stockton would be the name. of this song when i was a rambler man. i wound up and talked in two times. when i was a ramon man. so i'll be in stockton and then oakland. uh i've been thinking about getting. a bulletproof vest no. yeah a nice segue. i think about getting a bulletproof. vest and just rocking it. dude tupac did it. and honestly he looked [ __ ] fantastic. he got shot to. death in public he got caught. sleeping he wasn't wearing it. oh well if you're gonna here's the thing. if you're gonna get a kevlar vest. you gotta wear it all the time. you don't like have it. on sometimes you don't go halfway. with a bulletproof vest you. got to wear it like when you go. to sleep only take it. off when you shower. sharing with the bluffer i guess under it. [laughter] yeah exactly um yeah. dude i want to. get a tan one. it would look really cool. but you know like for style. you want to. get them for style well dude. i want to. also look good a full black one. that's long is the [ __ ] um with a chrome hearts. cross over it you know. and then uh um a tan. one is also a [ __ ] a high tan. one that leaves your belly. exposed so you wouldn't get shot in the [ __ ] stomach but a high tan. one is good and a long black. one is the [ __ ] that's something that has always bothered me. about bulletproof anything it's like you gotta get the full. body everything mmhmm or else they're just gonna. shoot you in the head or hands. just go out in like the full like yeah. with covering up your feet. picture the guy get a onesie. ah dude steve navarro with the [ __ ] with the kevlar. vest on get a bulletproof version oh dude. see i wouldn't that's the one. i wouldn't get we got to. show this on the on the thing. make sure you keep these for the show. but this is the one. the these are the ones i wouldn't get the the cloth. ones i want a full with the plate. in it but that one's the [ __ ] dude cloth doesn't work so why would they be no it does they have like material that. like bounces and it won't penetrate yep. that's 125. that's it that is cheap. that doesn't get up oh get a pink. one those are dope. right right right right right. so anyway i think i'm going. to get one but i don't know if it'll be here at the time. for stockton but god damn that would be so ill dude. i would be cool like that. there's the pink ones you know. all right dude now we're talking now. i now i would wear a pink. one let's see chris is being colorblind because he clicked on. the only red one that was of course and there. were pink ones those are pink ones. that's for look they have it. for chicks that's hilarious. um i will wear it though. so i'm not a chick so it's not true. um i guess we could start okay. yeah yeah uh let's get into. the advices what's up mate. and chris thanks for what you guys. do lifeline [ __ ] rocks congratulations [ __ ] rips and not enough people know about matali is confused that podcast is awesome too coming back later this year baby throw that out there look it up anyway speaking of confused that's where i come in i'm an extremely extremely nostalgic person to. the point where everything. i think about and do revolves around. the past gotta be careful. uh looking forward stresses me. out the future stresses me. out i've never been one to. have goals or want a career. um even today stresses me. out um so i wasn't sure what to. do as far as being super nostalgic. to the point where that's where i am. 24 7 just about. um obviously it's comfortable in the past. you know what happens. it's easy to. go back to it. and the future is scary. so i'm 31 years. old living like that's not productive. i need to get my head. screwed on straight any advice. would be great how do i get out. of the past how do i get to. the future thanks guys well. it's a simple question. it's it's it's complicated. but it's a simple question. do you want to. be a mega [ __ ] or do you want to. not be a mega [ __ ] because that's the whole. thing that magga is based on what it's looking back. and longing for a time but it's a trick. because we think of the past and it's like we think of it. as way way rosier than it. really was and like he sort of alluded. to when we think of the future. it's unsettled it's up in the air. like you you know we could all get [ __ ] shot next. day just walking around not. if you have the vehicle. no we didn't get shot yesterday. so yesterday's better because we can our memories. are [ __ ] up our memories. trick us our memories can't. trick us right. everything i've always said that. what retrospect candy coats everything. oh you you said that. that's me thinking that's i mean. i've never heard you say that. yeah it was me. i said but i've never heard. it well i don't say. it to you i say. it to sometimes. different people why don't you say. it to me it's cool. is it cool did you make it. up here i made it up. yeah well that was me. not john lennon oh well i didn't i didn't. suspect john lennon but no i didn't cause he brought him. up but retrospect candy coats. everything and that's something i made up and if i was a rapper. i would wrap it in my songs. and people be like oh that's interesting. well it's true i mean. i'm not i'm just a comedian. people look back on the past. and remember that's why when we like break. up with someone and then a couple years. later we're like god i shouldn't have done it that was the best relationship. in my life right no it wasn't right. you were unhappy [ __ ] you're only remembering the good parts. our brains are not perfect they're imperfect and when we look back. we remember times as better. than they really were and when we look forward. we think of we get like uh doom. doom cycles like we think about all. the bad [ __ ] that could happen because it's unsettled. it's like entropy second law of thermodynamics. you gotta [ __ ] think of it in a smart. way but what what confuses me. is that he knows all this. he's not confused about. why it's because it's still scary. it's does the future. is unknown you're scared. of what we don't know. that's why a lot. of people don't that's why. a lot of whites don't. like black people because they're not around. them well sure but that's a little bit different. it's about experience versus like dude. i i think that yeah that here's the deal. everyone is scared of the future. period that's fine feel that it's okay. to be scared. dude it's normal it's okay to. be scared you would be weird. if you weren't scared you. know what you'd be a [ __ ] mouse or a frog. right just you're a human. it's okay to. be scared make your body take the steps. forward one at a time. dude and you're wearing that hat. that says life rips life rips. life ripped isn't the slogan. he thinks it's life. ripped life rips it continues. to rip you know what rips. now you know what rips now. you know what rips now now. keeps coming [ __ ] right that hat was cool. but when you put that [ __ ] skullenbones [ __ ] hand on it it upgraded you didn't used to. have that you don't think of the things. that you could be doing and you could be doing. some bomb air [ __ ] and guess what you're going. to have in your life. pain and that's going to. suck too but your memory. is going to candycoat. it and you're always going to. go back to imagine if we all lived. hundreds of thousands of years we'd. be like man remember what it. was like in [ __ ] 14 you know 60. that was so fun. we didn't have technology to. ruin our lives and you'd be like forgetting. about all your friends. that were beheaded yep. you've seen the tudors. or got like some virus. and died exactly dude. those [ __ ] four waves of the [ __ ] uh the sweating disease. or whatever the [ __ ] they had in the tudors. wow and not something but yeah no they had the sweating. four ways of the sweating. four waves of the sweating. disease oh okay it happened. during the i saw the two you know. when i watched the tudors. right yeah which is basically. just instructive and educational tutors well i googled it. afterwards and i said okay but but we'd be like oh man. remember the time it was so great. we didn't have to. worry about nuclear weapons. you had to worry about. famine you had to. worry about candles setting a whole. town on fire you had to. worry on [ __ ] you had to. worry about losing seven. children before you had a [ __ ] son because your wife couldn't give birth. because all you were eating. were [ __ ] taters you know what i mean. yeah i mean the life. expectancy was like 12. you know. and the reason is because it was so hard. to get past birth. exactly yeah so my point. is make your body do the physical. things about moving forward and then you can make your mind. do it but like you know. take the steps try different. things dude i feel you retrospect candy. coats everything but here's the thing. that's not real bro. the way to shift. it around is this the past. you're being tricked by. your own brain the past. sucked the future at the very. least might not suck. it's possible that the future. won't suck the past. i promise you [ __ ] did okay because it was life. and most life is [ __ ] hard and shitty the future. could be good okay. that's it yeah think about all the times. you cried in your life. bro maybe you won't cry. tomorrow yeah and that's in the future. you'll never cry again. [ __ ] yeah live let's do it oh my gosh it's chris or it's christian. matalia i love him. this guy has crazy happenstance. that i'm submitting to. a video for this. one i wanted to ask. you guys oh man. when it comes to. talking to new people and in social situations. how do you know. when next to. speak to them and in what order. you talk when conversing appropriately. between two news new people. hope that you guys are. doing well and best believe that. i'm listening to. every episode of lifeline dude. okay this is uh what is his name. stony raymond right steve raymond stoney raymond i don't. know tick tock everyone's got a [ __ ] silly name. this guy how does he do. this i don't know okay. he's a good actor he's like yeah. but like he must have a little bit of this. in him yeah the cnc on this. [ __ ] dude how does he act so insecure. so yeah over the top. but also real yeah it's unbelievable. yeah it's the funniest kind of [ __ ] like it's the jim. carrey [ __ ] like he's going so overboard. but it's that funny yeah he's taking chances. you know him i mean no we've only conversed. online but i'm a huge fan. of his he's on ticktock he's got like millions of followers. oh he does yeah yeah yeah steve. raymond he's hilarious oh stovy raymond is. the thing on his thing. that's why i the thing on. this thing okay anyway stover i mean so anyway dude. this guy is talking about how do you know. when to talk next first. of all if this guy was really like this. guy this guy would have a lot. of [ __ ] um you got real a lot of problems oh yeah. you gotta you gotta breathe. first of all breathe really more i feel like when him every time. he makes a video he needs. to he's almost gonna [ __ ] pass out. you know what i mean. like when you're doing adr. and you're just like you gotta do a quick. breathing thing you realize how [ __ ] hard it is in 30. seconds you start seeing spots. yeah yeah yeah uh you oh you know. what dude have you seen. love on the spectrum. no these guys are amazing. man like they uh they gotta they gotta like learn. how to go on. date and they gotta learn. how to talk to. people and they'll just be like yo. you look very nice today. i think i'm falling in love. oh they're autistic they're artistic. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and then there and then the woman. the girl is like oh that's really nice do. you have a dog and it's like they don't know what to. say to each other but it's very sweet. and very uh nice and very uh pure right. and they're saying what they want. and what they think is right. and like um i mean i think that's quite charming. and good because a lot of people think too. much about it and come off. as cool yeah collected. like they don't want to. see literally whatever [ __ ] that 100 people are just like you know dude what do i say i'm gonna do this yeah i'm gonna wait six days just like right yeah be the way you want to. be don't be [ __ ] cool yeah being cool. sucks anyway and here's the other thing. too there's [ __ ] seven how many billions of people are. in the world how many eight billion. dollars right eight billion yeah yeah i know. oh okay and that there. is somebody for everybody. there's probably at least five people. for everybody i mean at least dude. so get out there. and be cincy and find a scentsy person. find an insecure person. find somebody that matches your rhythm. of talking right that guy's hilarious. yeah although i don't know about anybody could ever. match that but no they maybe definitely be entertained. by it that's for damn. sure yeah i'll tell you what if i was a chick. i'd give you a shot yeah. i mean that's so fun. dude plus i need i need a nice man. you know okay i do i don't need a [ __ ] guy that's all you know how much work it is to. be cool bro well that's why. it sucks it's it's not real. i know it's it's you have to. if you have to. work on it it's not authentic. right right right you know. i wish more guys were like that. honestly and i know that. that guy is a good actor and [ __ ] um i wonder how much he's like that i i don't know cause to. be able to. know how that works you. got to either be like that. or really observant. and uh it's one or the other he's also been very cool. to me online uh uh all throughout my [ __ ] i like that guy a lot all right well we like that guy follow him on uh tick tock he's [ __ ] funny dude you've sent me a lot of his [ __ ] i think it's still v stovey raymond i think can you keep raymond making dovey or something you keep adding an ie or a white stove raymond okay okay it's stove raymond all right i like when shit's cute i guess hey all right next hey chris and matt my name is stephanie i'm a huge fan of your show chris i've been listening to. your podcast for forever now. but i need some advice so i work. in an industry where i'm surrounded. by people all the time customers people that work there just people in general. i'm getting really sick of. the comments that they make on the way. that i look and how young i look oh god. 22 almost 23. i'm 411 i'm very much aware. of the way that i look. yeah i just really hate when people get out. of their way and make comments like are. you old enough to. work are you still in high school. and where are your parents. so it's getting really old that people take time. out of their day and say stupid comments. like that to me. i know i should be thankful. that i look as young. as i am but it's starting. to get old and i never know. a comment to say back. to them i hope you can help. dude how are you so eloquent the way. she was speaking don't act. like she's so young she shouldn't be able. to do that that's not what i'm saying. like dory no stuttering and it was like she was. like she's very common. collected it's why she's got a job she's very good at talking to. people so now you're saying she's too young. to have that job no. i mean that is so so annoying. dude when people it's like they think they're the first person. that ever saw you and they it's like they don't think it. through like um she's probably heard there's a gazillion [ __ ] times filter use filters. you're not that clever [ __ ] stop talking to. this person like she's nobody's ever seen. her before people have seen. her and they've made the exact. comment that you are gonna make that you think is [ __ ] funny and is not okay that's addressing everybody. else as far as i just said they should call. into lifeline yes yeah they should but as far as what you can. do i mean that it's hard. coming up with like a blanket. response to the for this. kind of [ __ ] because sometimes you know the tenor. of the way people say. things are sometimes more acceptable than others. no uh so it's hard. to be like you know. the worst is when someone's like thinking they're really. [ __ ] funny and clever that is the worst i'm sure some people are like maybe actually being genuine and not thinking about being funny but still it's annoying. hey like so concerned hey right. hold on right where are your parents. right yeah exactly that's probably. very actually uncommon but uh yeah i don't know. what do you want to. go look for your parents what do i want. to tell her yeah oh well if they're commenting. on how you look you. comment on how they look that's how it is. tit for tat dude you're at. a job that this happens. okay all that warfare i know why. she would be hesitant to. do that though because they could report her. to this yeah but she can do. it first and are you kidding. she's a young woman she could get i mean. she could get [ __ ] fired left and right people that work their customers she's talking about dude. customers like her and say [ __ ] that it really bothers her about her appearance oh god. that's actually really shitty even. phrasing it like that yeah. that sucks dude i mean. it's you know it's fine. it's it's really not you're taking a little bit. too far no dude. like 20 30 times a day someone would be like you're so small. imagine that i mean nobody's saying. you're so small that's how she's obviously hearing. it she said she's 411. it. was a hundred pounds. she literally is so small. okay see this is the problem. i didn't know that until now. and that's not the first thing. i'm saying i said it. though okay said it so you weren't. listening i was thinking of the tutors at that. point okay that's [ __ ] i think i i think that um you say you you know oh well you look like a bird okay so now what and she's and they say i'm sorry what and they say that's offensive and i say you're talking about how i look young and where are my parents. and you talk about how i should still be in high school. you look like a bird. now let's move on. and do this work right. right i think tit for tat. yeah right i think she could maybe say something. like like oh how cute you. think you're the first person that came up. with that that's good that's so cool. oh you think you're like the first. person that ever thought of that. thing like great now. can we move on. yeah like maybe condescending. be patronizing they've done it. to you feel free. to do it back. yeah don't do it in a way. that sounds angry but be angry. and let them know yeah how about this. plausible deniability how about this say where are your parents. this is what you can. do too go ahead. say i'll be i'll be here go. say where are your parents. oh you look so young. where are your parents. dead that'll be 1995. that's a good. one too that's that's an amazing. really good one that'll be amazing. yeah yeah yeah they go like this. oh sorry they turned into. stevie raymond and they give you more. money they give you double. the amount that you requested. that's a good one yeah. yep yeah cool so yeah think of the version. you have for all of them. think of the version that. you can turn it around. and make them feel really. bad look the whole thing about spin move mentality. is dude have fun with it. man have fun with it. good qvc but have fun. the whole thing with spin move. mentality is have fun. with it right not only do you need to. you don't necessarily need to. do a spin move right. but you can also simply feel the mentality. we have hoodies we have. shirts that's the back do we have hello. can we go for this chuck's. saying it's too low. but i'm going i'm going. lower chuck you know what. one how many do we have left. we don't have that many. left so you be lucky. god you've been doing that. for so [ __ ] long four you might think you'd have them for 100. you are not that's my favorite part. yeah you are not getting. them for 80 you are. not the pause getting them. for forty dollars you are can we go. you are not so loud. getting them for ten. dollars right now for a limited. time only four simple payments. of 12 cents [laughter] dude. spin move mentality all right. all right next one hey [music]. football fans yeah so football's huge right. and the first sunday of the nfl. season is here and draftkings. sportsbook an official sports betting. partner of the nfl that's official. so you know it's real is giving new customers a can't. miss offer to celebrate their return of the nfl. season yes dude right. now new customers can bet just five. dollars and get two hundred dollars. in free bets instantly instantly if you're like me i could be like well if you get five dollars then what do you get double back maybe you get like 10 but you get 200. 100 so this is a nobrainer uh and as an added bonus there's more yeah believe it there's more as an added bonus for week. one everyone can experience the thrill of draftking's. early win promotion so so look it's simple. look bet on an nfl. team to win if your team. leads by 10 at any point. during the game any point. then you get paid instantly. boom kaching even if your team. loses what download the draftkings. sportsbook app now and use promo code. lifeline to get 200 in free. bets instantly 200 that's like a pass. and go in monopoly. and when you place. a five dollar bet. that happens this sunday okay. so that's code lifeline only at draftkings. sportsbook an official sports betting. partner of the nfl minimum age. and eligibility restrictions apply. see show notes for details hey chris hey matt. huge fan of the podcast. um chris you're looking really fresh. today love the fit love. the hair super funky love it she said chris. matt yeah you have really nice hands. i don't know if anyone's ever. told you that but i just really. felt like you needed to. hear it that's a kink. but i have no chance too. i need some advice because i'm moving out. for the first time moving out. of my parents house i'm going. across the country to. a writing program in a film. school really excited but i've never moved out. before so um i'm going. to be going to. vancouver british columbia i'm wondering if you guys have any tips. for like moving out to. the city art to. a bigger city moving. to the west coast. um kind of like networking getting. into the entertainment industry anything. that you could possibly. offer me oh yeah. i will take um any stories from like when you guys. were moving out in your early. twenties yeah um huge fan bro. i just love that she's [ __ ] moving up dude. this is exactly where that first guy. needs to be dude. living in the future. but not so much but she's a you know. honestly women live in the future. way more than men. you know that they're better. at planning they're better. women are like longterm thinking what is it. going to be like when dude. kristen is just like i can't wait till we die. together you know what i mean. it's just like dude let's have lunch. yeah yeah you know. it's so crazy dude. literally chris chris would literally be like when we're old and our kids. are out of the house. and just how amazing is going. to be when they come over. for our last thanksgiving right. just like what the [ __ ] yeah yeah but dude she's um yeah first of all vancouver i love vancouver besides the rain. but i was going. to say that so don't jump. on me right but besides the rain. dude oh my god i don't know where you're from. if you're from a cold area. that's fine it's gonna. be cold to. ship but let me tell you it. rains a lot besides the rain. but dude christmas in [ __ ] vancouver is absolutely awesome. dude the lights the beautiful. coldness all of it i flew an event. i've been a venture a few times. and one time i flew into. vancouver and got in a cab go. where i was going. i rolled down the window. and the air was hitting me. in the face and i was like this. sounds like horseshit and i swear. to god it's not i was like intoxicated by how [ __ ] fresh and crisp the air. was i like felt high wow. dude i felt high from the [ __ ] air. in vancouver so what a [ __ ] did did this [ __ ] so many doobies before that and didn't realize i didn't even i mean you're right dude just just on the car are you serious right now hey uber guy i've been known. to do [ __ ] some doobies on the doobie. brother out of the tour. but i did not i did. not it's just the air in vancouver. but we should talk to. her are we hot boxing. in this weird colored cab because it's a weird. color because we're not in america. and they don't have yellow. ones what wow um okay. so advice though but she needs. advice now opinion about the city. she's going to be fine. but also the way yeah. um you're gonna be fine. trust in you you know. what dude trust in yourself. but i would say but not to. be too overly cautious i know. but trust in yourself but don't be too. trusting of other people because everyone else is trying to. get ahead too you're out. in the big city. you're a very kind person it's very obvious. and obviously you're a gogetter. that's clear but don't blindly trust other people. who seem to have. your interests at their heart. very good trust me. they have their interests very good and let me tell you another. thing too about vancouver. especially um don't take a wrong. turn yeah yeah dude the [ __ ] opiate addiction. and the [ __ ] heroin forget it. i say here on like that. because like i'm like a rapper what are you what word. are you even heroin. heroin okay i don't do. that dude even though that's the word. not when that's not how naz. says it heron i mean. heron is a guy. heron in your veins oh okay. you know still a bird. so um what it's a bird. heron harry yeah but that's all. you're saying right no it's not yeah. does nice rap about birds. no herron and a blue jay. so um yeah so you take a right. turn dude and seriously it. is the it is the [ __ ] you gotta be careful. you step on a syringe so basically always wear shoes. watch where you're going and don't trust. in too many people too much. but trust in yourself and bro. i can't wait till let me tell you. something i know you're probably gonna want. to get home to. your family for christmas. but right now if she's not christian. well yeah she could be jewish. you're saying she could be a lot. of things i'm just saying she might not be christian. who does it you can. be whatever religion you want she can yeah. it's up to. her but i'm saying most people okay she's probably but it's beautiful. that time of year. is your point yeah. so right now holiday a lot. of people go home for the holidays. yeah dude like you're trying to. like catch nah dude. i'm just saying it's not about. christmas it's about the time. of year that's all you're getting. pissed no i'm not getting pissed. i'm just saying she wants to. ride out december there. it's gonna be cold but it's so nice too. yeah yeah it is so nice. yeah and vancouver has starbucks across from starbucks. yes and i go in both. and tim hortons tim horton's too yes uh i wonder. where she's from but the thing. that you said about don't make a wrong. turn that's true but vancouver. is very safe because they are safe places. to do those drugs they're not. like drilling and dealing on. the streets addicts go to. a safe zone and get a clean needle. right so it's like not as [ __ ] up. as say skid row. in downtown ola that's why there's so many starbucks. because they have them in starbucks. uh yeah let me get a tall. maca a tall mocha uh thing there. and then herron i'm sorry i said because i'm like and then call it. out they're like nas. all right okay you're gonna do great congratulations. on moving out going to. the big city stud what's up. guys my name is daniel. my dad's 63 and he's an accountant. uh he says every penny. he earns which is fine. i've learned a lot from him. cool but anytime my brothers or eyes. spend money on something that he thinks is unimportant. oh god uh i wouldn't say he's disappointed. but he kind of disapproves um so i guess. a question would be how do you guys. handle trying to teach your parents. things uh even though they seem like they're kind of already. set in their ways [ __ ] yeah dude uh yeah let me know it's tough it's so tough dude. it's so tough i mean. we deal with that i don't think you can teach them. anything i think the only thing. you can sort of get them. to understand is is that you are. your own person and the way you do. things has validity to. you so therefore it has validity in general. so they shouldn't be so uh looking down. their nose at you like that you're a [ __ ] adult. and you're clearly a rational one so if you want. to buy [ __ ] i don't know. rims on your car and your dad's like oh here we go. this he's treating like a child. yeah yeah and that's not right. that's shitty dude so you could i don't. know what kind of guy your dad. is but you could at the very least. just be like look dad. like just because you don't want to. do it doesn't mean that it's absolutely. a [ __ ] thing to. do i want to. do it i make my money the way. i make it it's my money. i can do what i want. and it's a thing to. do in the world relax [ __ ] get the stick out. of your ass and you want. me to be happy. don't you like isn't that. your goal for your child like that's the thing. about it is like what. makes you happy like sometimes. i spend money and i'm like i shouldn't have done. that and i'm like but it makes me. happy though and it makes me happy. and because i'm happy that's good. and you're gonna die. what are you gonna do with that. money when you're [ __ ] dead. i mean not everybody. in the world has died. but they're gonna i said you don't know. that no everyone who has been born. is going to die. has everyone who's been born. died not yet so then that. doesn't work but they're going. to i didn't say they did. die you don't know. that yes i do give me a version. of the future that somebody alive. now is not going to. die anthony hopkins what about him. he hasn't died yet. he hasn't died yet. the guy who played he's gonna die. the guy who plays the first who's that. guy not give me an example. of a person who isn't going. to die give me an example. of someone how someone alive now. could possibly not die a few. days ago i would have said michelle. to gorbachev but he died. so there's there's one in your favor. there's one in your favor. you think is not gonna die. how could a living person. not die i'm just saying. you don't know with like uh what what's the tren. what's the [ __ ] movie that johnny. depp did the transcendence what's that. [ __ ] one transcendent trend what is that one. transcendence yeah trying to. send us google it instead of just thinking it's just like just [ __ ] you got a computer transcendence transcendence you. don't know about that you don't. know about uh synchronicity and what the [ __ ] gonna happen. but he did die. his his consciousness lived on but he his body. died gotcha technicality also that's fake. that's a movie [laughter]. using like meet joe black michelle. black brad pitt's character didn't die. i mean look he pulled. up bicentennial man so different. so different so different he brought up. bicentennial movie he wanted to. look up yeah oh movies. oh i like this other movie yeah. dude thank you there. you go like i stinking ass. said look at that look how dumb his face. is there i hate movies. that the poster is just one. big picture of the actor's face. you know what i don't like too. when movies give a character. a name and then center that name in a tagline. like what yesterday dr will. caster was only human. who the [ __ ] is dr. wilcaster dude cause that's johnny. depp [ __ ] like we already care about him. yeah like what the [ __ ] so that's [ __ ] hilarious like don't. send her the name that. means nothing to. you yeah that poster. sucks that poster is way. better yeah but some fan made that i guarantee. you think yeah dude. or it's a foreign thing. please show it on the video on youtube. cause polish polish [ __ ] german. [ __ ] latin american [ __ ] all those posters are always better. american posters are just like some photoshopped face of matt damon and unrelated. to the movie and then another photoshop face. of jeff bridges on amazon. and it's just like this. is true grit this is true. great look at that. the the bluray cupboard's so inactive dude. dude that bluray cover sucks. just faces look at the chick. with their hair like look at like at least get a still picture. of her well that sucks of course morgan. freeman's in that movie you know. yeah is that morgan freeman it's just all. like someday we will all travel wow dude so true all right next one dude oh wow okay oh that that but well how about this i will i will go to. say find a bluray cover that's actually good. yeah i bet you number. three isn't just based on. the poster of the movie. number one bad [ __ ] thing uh art bluray post. because blue raiders were only around. for like three years you. know yeah dude so true. but wait just to. wrap up that [ __ ] guy before you start the next video oh yeah you're your own person. you may not be able to. teach your parents anything. but you can at least get it. into his head that he was once. your age and he can remember that. it's not that [ __ ] long ago. so just get it. through his head that you are your own. person you have the things that you like that. are willing that you think are worth. your [ __ ] money that you made not his [ __ ] him and it makes me happy dude. it makes me happy yeah. right yeah if you ask your dad. what's the number one. thing you want happiness for my son. i don't give a [ __ ] dude. if calvin isn't happy i'm not. happy i want him happy. i don't care if he wants. to grow up and be a [ __ ] train conductor i don't even. know if that's a good job. but i'm just saying i would never see him. because he'd be on the road a lot. but whatever calvin was drink. conducted perfectly honestly yeah that is true. they have cool outfits yeah hats. but my point is whatever then bad example. you know working at kinko's and no. shame if you work at kinko's you're trying. to get by whatever but like no. one would wish that on their son. i guess right because kinko's will probably be out. of business soon it already. is it's fedex there you go. so right so if you work at kinko's pretty much. you're done you're living in the past. like that guy right. the first guy yeah first okay. so um yeah dude just happiness. man it's what makes you happy. in this man yeah uh great. okay great uh great. next one bing bong bing bong what. up y'all this is luca. magnata uh the homie that was asking about. asking a girl out at work. oh yeah um i ended up getting to. meet her just in passing um. and honestly wasn't really my vibe um you know. part of the reason i had said that. i was potentially interested in asking. her out is because i just was going. based on jeff's looks right. and everything you got to. get to know them. a little bit um it just wasn't my. thing so i didn't ask her. out um but here's a separate question. my brother and i do a podcast. about movies we talk about movie. news and like we review movies. and stuff like that it's really. fun for us we look up. to you guys we you know. we're inspired by your guys's. podcast um what are some ways. that we can make our podcast. more um entertaining or successful. or interesting what are some ways. that you guys have found helps you. when you're having a conversation like being entertaining. and also being yourself i don't know. just some advice on having a podcast. that you started with your brother. where you talk about movies. so thanks guys peace do it. naked well no people yeah no people. are you have to. remember that people are subscribing. to not necessarily the actual uh idea or the content. it's you yeah 100 so. let your you come through. as best as possible. and it's a lot harder. for some people you know i think for comedians it's generally easier. because they're already figured out. who they are as a performance. uh uh uh performance wise. and um you know for people who are not comedians or performers. i think it's a lot. harder so it may. take you a little bit longer. to catch your groove. i don't know how long you've been doing. this podcast but um yeah i think that uh people are subscribing. to you ultimately uh so that's what you gotta uh. focus on having that come through. oh i was gonna say something. similar which is like you. um if it's your brother. especially you guys have a rapport. that you know brothers and sisters. siblings brother and sister. whatever they they have a rapport. that is common among. siblings but their specific rapporters are not. they they are not similar. they're very unique every every pair. of brothers pair of sisters. brother and sister has a unique bond. and whatever that is try. to tap into that it's almost like try to. do it as if the cameras or microphones. are not there because people will want to. tune in to. the see a unique bond. people like whatever you want to. call it realness authenticity they want. to see or listen. to people being themselves. and when you have a unique. bond with someone in particular. they want to. see that even more so again. i think just sort of echoing. what chris said don't talk. about the movies yeah but that's the buck. and background noise it's actually. about you two and how you guys vibe with each other. so uh assuming you guys. do have a unique. bond which i'm sure you do make that front and center. and lead with that every step. of the way every time. there's a question about what direction. to take the show. lead with the unique bond. that you guys have not the kind of movies. that you're gonna talk about not whatever. whatever whatever it's always gonna should always start. with the bond that you guys have also how about that's great. that you realize that girl's. not for you see this. is the thing about you know. not realizing you this is the thing. about living in your head. you know what in addiction. we call it magical. thinking it's like you think that. you you see someone and you create this. scenario that doesn't necessarily exist. that you want to. you play out like this. movie you know like oh i saw her. she was in the corner. you know we're supposed to. meet or whatever the [ __ ] it is and then you meet somebody i'm glad. you let reality sink in yeah. that maybe this isn't right. because a lot of people especially like you know addicts. or me or whatever they might be like oh this. means something i need to. you know i need to. talk to her because of this. or whatever it is nothing. means anything there are no. signs stop it with that [ __ ] nothing is meant to. be things happen and when they're in front of you. and they seem good or are good. you follow that path what. senileist no no i don't i don't mean. that from like the whole world. no matter what i just mean. that things out in the world. there's no deeper meaning to. them you make of the world. what it gives you what. it offers you and you take it or don't okay. so it's a nihilist. then it's like okay okay absolutely not. um but yeah i mean i think that's that's like uh there's that. joke in jerry seinfeld's book that you know when we were kids sign language. yeah i remember he talks. about how he doesn't have the problem. with dating anymore because he just stopped approaching people. because he can see it someone a beautiful. woman and then he can see play. out their whole trajectory right. or like they're getting starting. to get into fights. oh gotcha butt heads. and like they hate each other. by the time they're dying it's like you know if you don't live. right then in that moment. you can see ahead a little bit for see. maybe what it would be like to. be on your tenth date and it might be awesome. and it might be what's happening. are you playing a trick. on yourself oh boy. it's a nihilist so yeah. no no i'm not okay. we're gonna talk about that. after the show okay cool. wow gonna let me out hey chris matt thank you. guys so much for all you're doing. here i'm a huge fan. so my wife and i have been trying. to get pregnant for about two years. now and we've had no luck. we haven't gone to. the doctor or anything like that because we just don't want. to know that if you know. what i mean yeah still young. as crap i'm 26. but my wife is 30. and she feels like we should start. talking about other options young. is crap um the big. one is adoption and i would love. that kid with all my heart. don't get me wrong. i i want a kid. so bad there's nothing that. i want more than to. be a father um but i just feel like having one. of my own might be a little different uh i i feel like a dick. saying that but any advice. you guys have at all would be great. a lot of people feel that. way yeah i understand. i feel like a dick. um yeah you want to. go ahead or i mean. i you know i i actually think about this. sometimes because i i you know obviously calvin. is mine no dna test. needed you get a [ __ ] you know. nervous like i mean you see the [ __ ] face he looks like me and my dad but like so there's no way it's not mine but um so but my point. is i i do think about that. sometimes like what if i adopted. a child and it just it. didn't look like me or and and and i wonder how much of that. is ego based and how much of that. is uh just evolution based to. where you feel like you created. this life with you and your balls. and how right there's more to. it but it starts with your balls. and uh started with a pair. of balls that's how the bible. begins um here comes adam. and so so yeah so i wonder how much it. would you know you've tried for two. years that's a [ __ ] sure and also though it is hard to. get pregnant sometimes dude sometimes like you just like aren't busting. at the right times and you can't seem to. get to bust at the right. time like four days ago. sometimes women have shorter windows it doesn't mean anything's. wrong yeah but but uh semen or sperm. lasts for two days right. but maybe he busts and his [ __ ] goes away. he does the job quick. and he doesn't have the it's not in there. for the same time. period if he busts yeah. then it this the the splurt. lasts for two days and if you're in the window. and the sports chilling and the window. opens the splurk goes up. hey look the window's open. and they run in two years. is a long time. so maybe something's going on. and he said you don't want to. go to doctor why he said for he doesn't want. to find out what could be bad. or whatever but i would say you're fine. you're 26 you don't need to. go to doctor right away. i would say it's only 24. tries though that's not that many dude. i guess so keeps a lot. but it's not crazy just keep sparting get her. to [ __ ] uh roll around with the knees. up or whatever the [ __ ] i mean i don't know worst. doctor ever have you got her to. roll around with her knees. up but take two of these call. me in the morning. but the truth is you gotta if if it's if you're starting. to think that way about other you don't go. you don't start thinking about adoption. as an alternative without exploring yourself. and her self to. the end you got to. go to a [ __ ] doctor buddy yeah you have to. go to the doctor doesn't mean something's wrong. it could be something super simple. you could have a low sperm. account and he could give you some cbd you know. what i mean 10. code if you go to. the link and it's congrats. you hit type in congrats. but but you could you know. it could be something like that. it could be like oh i see the problem. yeah right easy fix take this. pill once a week and yeah. like you don't even know. you're thinking about oh my god you're you're infertile. or all this scary. [ __ ] dude that if that's true you could think about adoption but there's no reason. to be thinking about that. now i don't suppose don't suppose. anything dude you're not a doctor and a doctor is a doctor but do go. to the doctor you definitely go. to the doctor you don't want to. live with this like maybe i'm this. maybe i'm that maybe nothing's wrong. maybe this is wrong you. don't want to. live in that constant state. of doubt just go get some [ __ ] answers. i'm sure it's not even. that bad in the first place. and then once you get the answers. you go home and do some busta busts. and lead to. a little wham wow. and uh pablo francisco and honestly the the um the last resort. can be adoption and that's fine. and that's a beautiful thing. or a.i so well you never know. how the future what it. holds right again you're gonna pull up with johnny. depp poster again transcendence is real. synchronicity is real but yeah just don't [ __ ] think the doctor means the worst. possible thing it doesn't does. not yeah does not people. don't like to go. to doctors i get it. he was probably pricked with a thing. wrong they couldn't find his vein. or something when he was younger. now he has trauma but okay. such a bad therapist you. know why are you coughing so much. dude what's going on talk. about doctors oh god damn. dude all right all right. next next hey matt and chris i'm hannah. and i'm from georgia and i need some advice. my mom is an alcoholic. we don't get along or have a relationship. really and she has the rest of the liver. she's not doing great um my siblings. really want me to. build a relationship with her. because she's not doing great. we don't know how much. longer she's going to be here and i'm really against it. because i don't want to. give her the power to. hurt me again i already was hurt. when i didn't have a mom. to help me pick out. a prom dress or sign. a lease on a car. yeah you know so i don't want to. give her that power to. hurt me again if she's only gonna disappear. again yeah i don't know what to. do do i just suck. it up and be at the hospital. with them because that's what my siblings. want or do i say screw you i'm fine. without you and i don't want to. get hurt again help uh yeah this is the kind of thing. i would love to. be able to. ask questions about uh making me want. that [ __ ] private session with her. but for for for what you're giving us. the amount of information that. you've given us i think first of all that's [ __ ] painful. and i'm really sorry that that's your experience. with your mother that's not fun. uh i know some people who've. had similar experiences with one. parent or another and it's just it. kind of colors your whole life. and it's sad and it's [ __ ] really really difficult. so i'm sorry you got to. go through that but uh don't i would advise. you to not do anything. just because your siblings are saying. you should they have their own. relationship with their mother that. doesn't mean yours. should mirror that doesn't mean that yours. you have your own unique. experience with your mother. that doesn't they shouldn't be able. to tell you exactly how yours. should be or how you should operate in your relationship. with her you have been hurt. by her in number of ways. clearly and you're not ready to. open yourself up to. being hurt again and that totally makes sense. that being said if she's actually close. to dying i would give it more. consideration than than i'm that. i'm initially inclined to. advise because i just don't i don't think that it's worth. uh the fear of her. hurting you again i don't know. if that's worth spending the rest. of your life knowing that. you could have maybe tried to. open up some kind of one. of communication with your mother. again but she's gone too early. that you that you know. i feel like the best yeah. that's a very good point. but i also think that you know. it's not just about you ultimately it. is but here's the thing. it's not just about you it's about. your siblings too if you. do care about them. and you love them. you need to. consider them but ultimately you are the most. important to you so the whole deal. is you may not know. what's best for you. at this moment and to. live in regret with not giving your mother. another chance might be something that you might experience. for the rest of your life. between the two things letting your siblings. down and also you might not know. what's best for you. right now i would heavily consider. uh being there for everyone and being with your mom. through her final moments but only you know what's best. and you are most important. so if that supersedes all of it. then i understand you not being there. i definitely understand you're not being i don't think you should feel bad. about it did i miss something did. is her did she say. her mom's actively dying she says she has cirrhosis and it's not going. well okay uh i i i mean. maybe i don't know how bad it. is yeah she's maybe she can't even really. have a conversation but it might be if she's up. and able to talk and communicate. and totally lucid it. might be worth having this. specific conversation with your mom. just tell her like you know. i want to. be able to. be here for you and i want. to have a better relationship. you know before you might leave this. earth but like you know. the truth of the matter is you've really hurt. me over the years you. know your disease has not only alienated one. of your children. me but it's totally ruining your body. and leading to. very possibly your death. so like you know can we meet somewhere. in the middle here so we can both get what. we want i know i mean. your mom doesn't want to. have you alienated either she's got this disease. that got in the way. she's got her own [ __ ] demons. whatever i'm not making excuses for her. i'm just saying like she doesn't want. this either and if there's a way for you. to figure out you know. if you stay in your lane. and approach it in a way. that you're careful but also caring. to your mother and to. yourself it's possible that that could open up. some kind of relationship with her. that is positive before she goes. and then you know not to. sound crass but like end her life. for you on a positive. note would be i think extremely valuable. to you in your situation. um yeah man we like to. keep this uh podcast sometimes. with some levity but i'll tell you that was a serious. one yeah so i like the serious. ones though yeah and i like the serious. ones too i mean we should talk to. you know the producer about maybe you know. maybe there's more funny ones. whatever um i do feel i do feel uh i do feel for you you. know obviously addiction is rough. it's it's stronger than your mom. and it's stronger than your family. and it [ __ ] sucks but uh you know uh let us know i guess yeah follow up something. changes let us know for sure. yeah and that fan was. working hard up there did you see. that it looked like she was. gonna fly away jesus. christ all right she's got one of those spinny hats. on you yeah yeah all right. next oh hey guys oh he's cute. it's mal and bowie here. yeah we were just watching videos. of cal and he has to. kiss his face every time. oh you're cute um yeah that's a boy. and uh so my question. today is i had this. little man when i was 24. and everyone's favorite thing. to say to. me is but you're a baby. yourself oh my god you should have waited. and you're only 20 in your 20s. you should have enjoyed it more. i'm like this is what i want. to do so uh just wondering what some of my responses. should be and what i should say. to them because it's kind of getting. old but yeah thanks guys really appreciate it. that baby is so wait a second. wait a second i gotta get this. straight i know what she said but i gotta say. it out loud so i'm [ __ ] there are people in her life most people are miserable that tell her she should not have had her son because she's only twentyfour i don't know if they say specifically that but yeah she was leading to. what people were saying that uh oh but what about living. your your youth you know uh now. you're a mom something like that. you know [ __ ] those those people are miserable [ __ ] off also do they have like like dude i mean i i i love the way. i did it i have you know. but if i could have had kids earlier. now that i have calvin i'm like well. that would have been [ __ ] fantastic. you know i don't understand these people. that are like there are people. that show up and they're like hey man. i've had a great week. dude i got away i was away. from the wife and the kid. and like i'm just like what i never want. to be away. dude yeah i bring them. on tour i don't understand. these people's lives there's two different. types of people like this. man there's people that are just born to. do that [ __ ] which you are you had your child you're living dude it's also awesome. to be young with your child. yeah you know like we're both very. young i'm only 42 and like i get to. be with calvin and i can run. around and [ __ ] and my knees don't hurt. i mean you know and i and we we tackle. each other we have a good. time and he learns the you know. sounds like you need another therapist. the do's and don'ts but i'm joking. but like you can this. is great this is the best. time of your life i just can't. believe there are people that say that. first of all just to. be absolutely as clear. as possible not that you exhibited. any doubt here but those people are 100. in the wrong [ __ ] titanic [ __ ] okay they're also projecting they they are miserable and i'm glad it doesn't seem to. be you know any skin off. your back but like what you can. say to them is something like excuse me you're an [ __ ] or if you don't want to. be that direct confrontational you can just say. why in what world would. i not want to. have this sun in my life. right now like what what are. they even positing that like it. would be better if like you shoved. them back inside and this. never happened like wow. what if that's what they meant. he put him back. in there he's here and he's a beautiful. [ __ ] boy what are you talking about yeah say that like what are you what could you possibly. see she's so nice you could see she smiles. so much and she's like oh wow. when she eats it dude. don't eat it anymore. don't just be like you see. this baby yeah this is great. yeah yeah yeah what are you. talking about this is so fun. i get to be young. with this [ __ ] yeah okay well you don't need to. say [ __ ] let's go in the sandbox. dude don't project your [ __ ] on me. don't project your oh i didn't. live my youth to. the fullest your sad. life on me and do it. with your [ __ ] beautiful smile if you want you can even say something like you know write a note it sounds like with a smile. if you want it sounds like projection. like do i seem unhappy. i'm not unhappy at all i'm over. the moon happy yeah i love my son. i love my life. what about you what happened. in your life that you feel. like you can just say that. willynilly to me you don't. know anything about it like i seem happy. because i am happy. what about you turn that. [ __ ] around i don't know i don't like mom said to. me recently she was like you. know maybe get cal on a better schedule. or something like that and i was i said nah. we got it it's like sometimes. just that's enough you know. like nah don't say that. yeah but that's different that's mom. trying to be helpful. that's not the same thing. this person whoever she's counting in her. life they're trying to. actually they're trying to. be mean how could you justify. that i don't think they're always trying. to be mean i think that they have their own. [ __ ] going on and they do think they're definitely not trying to. help i think that they're asking because they want. to figure it out themselves. sometimes because like what did. i do wrong it's definitely about. them dude it's not about you. yeah well i mean most of the time. it's about them yeah but that's just so. [ __ ] annoying they're just like they're literally thinking like hmm well i didn't get to. have enough blow jobs when i was in my 20s. what about your you know. what i mean interesting. yeah i didn't get to. go do all those retreats. that i wanted to. go because i what about you and she and she's like my life's. different than yours yeah. i mean i i did the retreats. i gave the [ __ ] i wanted. to that is that is astounding people didn't know you're not. gay i'm saying her dude. that is astounding people hate annoying. and shitty and absolutely [ __ ] those people yeah i backed it up. as much as i wanted. to already yeah okay. you know what i'm saying i gotcha. i got you i got you i did. the horizontal as much. as i wanted to. and i have retreat i done. retreat i have retreat also also i have my child look at his smile look at my smile we smile so much we're basically the mask. in the first purge our faces. hurt we smile yeah dude. ouch just go like this. go like this when they say that. go like this ouch when they say what what's wrong. and be like my face hurts. because i smile so much that's how happy i am ouch. my face and my baby's face is basically the first bus. from the first purge ow yeah. that's good perfect and then they go. like this and they go like this. do you see what you're doing. you're projecting spin move out. of there i knew that. was coming lifeline merch dot com. get your spin move mentality. shits uh go to. the link [ __ ] pure spectrum. get your legs to. stop moving okay chill and absolutely [ __ ] get your anxiety. at an alltime low and be did i was at a wedding. the other day and i was looking around. and i was like why am i so awake. dude i think that's the answer. i'm telling you right. now 10 off use code. congrats hit that link and you know what's up. dude if you have a question. once you finish it take. them out all right. yeah and if you need some private advice. get some more details in there. like that second last one. i would have loved more details. to advise a little bit more. specific a little bit more. tailored to the person in this. situation go to mattdalia dot com. private advice sessions with me. and not him so it'll be even. [ __ ] better and more focused. on you and if you have a question. click the link in the description. below or go to. white's life go to. white's life and go to. watchlifeline dot com thanks guys. hell yeah love you. all [music] 