 [music] runk hello. hello hello will h hello hello oh yeah. oh god damn it you don't know. that that music is for this. i never click on it. man that sucks dude. it's the least funny thing ever are we rolling. let's talk about it it's the least. it's not it's the least fun. thing ever it's not supposed. to be funny you're not sending. it to be funny. get that don't get out. of here no no no i am. sending it and it happens to. be funny that somebody has made these things what do you mean. dude what do you mean. it's not funny that i'm sending. it that's what i mean. i send these okay look let me if you send it. twice that's one thing you literally send them. twice an hour it gets funnier. and funnier that's true. of a lot of things. but not of this man. i just get it and i'm like chris. come on man ai. art visuals ai. creative tvs i'm going. to follow this one. this one's sick they're all. countries as firefighters it's not the same. it's not the same account. show people won't know what you mean. make sure that when we air. this you play some of them. okay we can't play. the music obviously but the music. is sick i don't know. what the song is but it. starts awesome the guy goes. he's back bong bong and obviously somebody in turkey. made the song but dude. it's so dope and they do like countries. as giants countries as fighters countries. as you know and it's always an animal. which makes no sense really because they never say. animals and then sometimes they'll do cross hybrid. things like you know an eagle. and a gorilla and it'll be like he's back. and then they'll show an eagle. and a gorilla hybrid would look like d dong and then one time. it had eagle gorilla mosquito. it had like three together. and hilarious dude what explain what's funny. cuz no one out there. is here's my impression of everybody. out there watching right now yeah because there are so many accounts that do that it's not just one account no and i don't know why and who's doing it it's because people like you it's in their algorithm and now people are just clicking on it. and watching it nobody likes it. no no no people like me are not. watching it people who are watching it. you look at the comments. and they're like dude. we' i'm worried about japan. what why are they worried because it'll be like a lizard. d with red eyes and walking. through the streets and it's like dude. but let me ask you something. is india like an elephant. is america an eagle. indian so it makes sense. india is always an elephant. yeah okay so is america. always no sometimes it's a bull. a bull that's spain. no no yeah if you're talking about. m fighting bull but yeah if you're talking about. an american bull american bull. it needs to be more more clear. than that more specific well man. you know it's not like a corporation. is making this it's just some guy. some guys yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah a lot. of people right anyway it's their dope. accounts will link them or something even i follow. them all my algorithm. is cooked dude if i go on my explorer. page it's just he's back. that's the most turkish song. i've ever heard in my life. and if you want to. know why i don't click it's so that. my algorithm doesn't get vlogged no. that's and so i can still go. on instagram and be like instead of being like mat. you know what i'm saying you. have to explain a little bit. more than just do that. for the audience uh lifeline audience i all right. it's little mozz little mozzarella his instagram. account uh he is famous. for well is he famous yeah. dude he's got a ton. of followers and he just all he does which is the greatest thing. in the world he says he's super new york. thick accent and just goes how you done in different ways. so he'll like tag it. on to the end. of a sentence you know. he'll meet somebody out in public. billy crystal i don you know what i mean. like that yeah he won't care. that i sent this but that he he he. s me a dm but here here. he won't care this. because it's nothing but hold on. i normally wouldn't put out. this but it's funny. you don't usually put out. right oh chrisell how you doing maybe. you a't here maybe you didn't recognize. me i'm not wearing my car. i mean there's nothing i would like more. than that yeah so you sent. me that we we followed each other obviously because i am done. and i got to. follow him for sure dude. i don't even follow what. a mistake i'll be in torrance. california toronto ontario bismar north dakota sou. falls ox oh oxnard we have. our lifeline live show all the other ones. i'm saying are my standup. show uh and then i'll be in brea. solo rolling on my doo and then cina. california got a lot. of california dates go to. chris lea dot com to. get those i am and um so that's what's up. and happy birthday nba. young boy or whatever it's his birthday. nba young boy. and john krinski which both of those. guys i think if they had a crossover. is just like this in a in a talking. head d d what is that what is nba. young boy all rappers do. that to show their grills oh he's a rapper. nba young boy. well it sounds like a like a youtuber that. does basketball tricks nba. young boy is a rapper if you want to. do three of them it's kamala. harris's birthday dude that's hilarious. giving a speech wow dude. anyway uh anyway young boy john krisi kam i'm happy. birthday all right so go. get the new merch. crystal or at lifeline merch. dot com uh oh sorry. at watch lifeline dot com that's the that's the new merch. get the merch at lifeline. merch dot com and then to. sign up for the patreon. is uh another one. dude watch lifeline dot com and you can get tickets. to the oxar anyway whatever dude. we're doing it fine. it's fine everyone knows what. to do you can just go. down and look at the links. and the descriptions and all that. but it's it's okay i got something. you don't even know man. uh remember mat is confused. he's back so be secure. how you saying it. he's back no it's like a little gay. a little gay accent. uh go over to patreon. dot com matalia all the private. record stuff's over there and that's where the new mat's confused going to. be bing b bing b the arizon pissed. why did is the air. always go on two things. that always go on in the first. 10 minutes and here we go. and it's the air conditioning and anthony's. but hole yeah mhm the two. go on air's coming out. in one way or another. oh dude when he goes. to the bathroom he go. he's back on the toilet d. d it says usa so anon's made it six minutes. he's holding it so hard. i so i challenged him. i said there's no way. you're not going to. in the first 10 minutes. and he said dude. i'm really not i already went. three times today guess what guess. what he's doing right. now he's clenching so hard. he's holding it he's got a little mirror. he's holding to. his face and he's saying anthony don't be a [ __ ] don't do it. don't do it don't do. it hold no no so hold on so so devon's here. deon mena extraordinary tattoo artist extraordinaire. he does a lot of my tattoos uh he brought donuts. for us which was very nice uh uh anthony. ate half the doughnut and then put the other half. away and then was like i don't want it's delicious. but i don't want to. eat the other half because i might have to. you know you know what yeah. and we were like wow. okay so that's interesting. uh but it's hilarious. that he had to. felt like he had to. speak on that it's hilarious. that he wanted a dut ate half. of it and it was like no. no no i shouldn't it's like you already. doomed yourself man yeah. half a donut is. not some threshold you made that donut. dude yeah well i just didn't want. to get a stomach ache and then you know. the next thing you know. oh the next thing you know. oh i know the next thing. you know so so i i ate ice. cream last night and and i worst. story ever no well it's not done. yet dude worst beginning of any story ever ninjas. broke in and i beat them. all that would be awesome. okay so you don't know. how the story ends yet. that's not the story but you don't know. so just you know okay. so i uh i ate ice cream. and then and then as i was this. morning i got coffee and then i ate h. a donut a whole doughnut two halves. and and now i realize that that was a big. [ __ ] mistake because i also had a breakfast burrito. oh and that was a big. that's tough dude big. mistake and i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm gonna it's gonna. be it's it's bad dude. do you usually clean the. shoots in the morning. after you wake up go. to the bathroom yeah um no i mean. i some yeah sometimes but not not usually usually. i don't know i am a morning. shoot cleaner in fact in the pm. i only clean the shoots. like two or three times a year. i'm talking about after afternoon. oh that's crazy i don't mean. the afternoon i mean afternoon. i know what you're saying. ever like no at no point. it's crazy in fact i i i cleaned. the shoots at like 8:30 p.m. the other. night i was was like what. who am i um yeah. when you have two kids. and you're married uh sometimes you're just like maybe. i'll go take a [ __ ] just want just what what does that. what do the can bother. me oh oh quiet. maybe i you know i don't want to. be like peace and quiet. but like i'll just like sit down. for a bit uhuh and you can't. like you can't get chris will. be like babe and i'll just be like whatever. it is i can't it. is the one thing where you have. complete license to. just sit it out for a little bit. yeah you know but you used to. be able to. do it and like remember you would read. magazines and stuff and like like or maybe no yeah. you would like you didn't have. phones when you were younger. doing g poop no you didn't that's why. there was a magazine rack in there books. and stu mom used. to have that always with red. book and remember that book of dogs. that she had in there. it was my book when i was a kid. she never asked permission if she could put it in the bathroom. and i'm still pissed about that. no it was this. old frayed book with dog eared. pages and the dog book because i used to. mark the pages of the dogs i wanted when i grew up cute. and you didn't get them. i did i eventually got a golden retriever. when we moved so you marked. that one and you got it. y you got it go. get her even as a kid. golden retrievers i ain b. all right all right all right. so you doing that too much. and i want to. give you an example that. he's back i wasn't doing that. too much and i was doing it. a lot i mean i thought it. was too much but who's to. say you you like a thing. and it's not too much. you liked he's back and you didn't think it. was well i don't love it. i mean it sounds like you really. like it i you did. it like five times i don't. know i don't know well i really like i and i wish i made it up. so i could do all the variations. like little mozzarella does maybe i feel. that from you and that's why i don't like it. because i don't wish i made a pe back. i don't wish i made uh it sounds like you do. kind of secretly wish you made a pece. back i wouldn't i wouldn't why. does anybody listen to. this podcast sometimes i'm like man. why is this podcast. not bigger and then i'm like oh yeah. because we talk about this. for 10 minutes this is what the people. want man i it's what i want. so regardless okay well someone's getting so selfish. all right so why don't we start. we can start uh with the stuff. anthony made it by the way. so 10 minutes in yeah he made it. you guys are gonna [ __ ] jinx. it no you do it. every time it has nothing to. do with be in there just like those sons of [laughter]. [ __ ] can't believe they made me go feet. off the ground all right. jeff daniels in dum. and dumber let's start. dude uh uh what all right. yeah okay i didn't get could sleep. last night okay great. great i'm really tired i did. and i still woke up. super anxious okay let's start great. chris i need a good spin move. for when somebody is really trying. to talk politics. and push their thing on you oh. that's ter just like keeps going. and is not reading the row. and does not understand that. i'm just trying to. live my life and do my thing. in this moment i don't want to. talk politics with you help me. out what do i say you got a lot. okay you got a lot. of options you only ask. chris unless you cut off the mat. and chris yeah you're about. to cut off matt and chris so about to. throw up the way you said. that um but that's the there. are so many you have so many options. because here's the thing you are 100%. in the right when someone is not reading. the room and talking politics. when no one else wants to. that person is sinning you know. what you are you're the person. who picks up a guitar. at a at a at a party and starts. playing and you just go [ __ ] this guy read. the room wrong now i got to. listen to this goddamn you know. what i mean hey guys here's country. fighters he's back in a frat. house but um lost it. i don't like those i don't here's what i don't. get here's what i don't get why. now and it's more and more exponential. you know how people say like well ai. is just going to. get more and more exponential. and it's going to. move at such a rapid. pace like that the robots. are going to. be making robots and then we're [ __ ] in soon. as we click the on button for ai. true the true ai soon. as we click it on. we're [ __ ] right that's what they say okay that's what that's what it's like for when people uh started uh being opinionated about politics. uh people can be opinion. it's just about being broadcasting. so um it around. 2020 it's like they turned the on button for politics. and some people were like it. was before that it's 2016. tr true trump thing. yeah yeah yeah true so the first four. years 16 to. 20 it it was it was kind of ramping. up and then it exponentially. just like fed on. itself and now like i know what you know. pat sjck is voting for you. know what i mean like it's like you you don't. need to know the it's so annoying. if you have a political show. or political platform or if you're an organically erupting political. conversation fine but dude. in general no one gives a [ __ ] no one gives a [ __ ] who pat s jack's. endorsing okay you got a political. show do the political show it's fine. you can watch it or not. if you're pat sjck just do wheel. of fortune don't turn it. into [ __ ] wheel and that's it i don't nobody knows who i'm i'm voting for and that's awesome. people don't know isn't that crazy. that that was the norm forever. it was like you don't talk. about politics you don't talk about. religion what happened what happened. that's what i'm saying somebody. hit the button and the the proverbial. button you know and then it's it. turned into an exponential. thing and now at a party. you're like expected to. talk about it and it's like can we just talk about pants. can't we just [ __ ] remember you know when we all used to. just hang out can we talk. about he's back can we talk. about i don't these are better. conversations to have people yeah you're boring. if you can only talk about politics. well it's just say that if sony does. it and real loud in the middle. of whatever point they're making right. when they're about to. land their point just say you're boring. i don't care about politics. i i i no i don't care. about i will listen. or watch uh like here's the thing. uh say a guy is like fully left. or rightwing right whatever just the extreme. and he is a big actor and he's always on. social media talking about. this you know either yay go kamala or y. go trump right uh and then you see them in a movie. later you're like oh that's that guy who's always talking about that yeah no i know so it's like yeah you're doing yourself. a weird disservice i guess i mean. i guess you you think you're doing. the country right but but here's the thing. no one is being swayed. right right right by any actor i don't care if you're i don't care if you're the biggest [ __ ] if you were i was going to. say the biggest kamala fan. but who's like a fan of kam like. it's like not a thing. if david was like a like into. it you would probably yeah i would vote. for it wouldn't matter who who it. was i would disregard my politics. personal politics and vote for whoever david bernie yeah but um yeah i don't know if uh i don't think that uh it's it's just it's kind it's pretty annoying. it's also annoying considering how dumb everyone is. like i'm not knowledgeable about stuff. well that's the other thing. it's like who out there. is really informed about any of this. [ __ ] and if that's the case. again if i want to. seek that out i sometimes. actually do want to. hear people talk about politics. and i'll go seek that out. people who know about what they're what. they're talking about on whatever. side or about whatever. topic whatever but don't force it. upon people anyway what's the spin move is. the question and no just it's just it's one. of those things that's so annoying. you just say just say no like the drug campaigns. but what do you do. say no get a shirt. in the moment what he's asking what do. you do though i he honestly. he's asking a political question. i don't even want to. answer it okay but he's asking how to. okay yeah just yell you're boring. in the middle of him. making his point loudly sigh. and walk away but before you walk. away yeah loudly sigh tap a person. on theer and just shake. your head like oh man. if you only knew how annoying you were and then walk away uh but definitely just walking. away is a big is a big plus in this uh moonwalk. away well if you can moonwalk. right learn how to. moonwalk and then go to. parties yeah all right next one. hey chris and matt thank you. for making the top three greatest. podcasts of all time and i cannot wait. to watch the next lifeline. live awesome cool i am calling because i had a peeping. tom situation oh um and i willon go. into details for that. cuz that's for my therapist to. hear um the reason i'm calling is because i don't like that. people call him peeping. toms cuz it sounds like almost cute. like you know like peekaboo tommy. like it's not a cute thing. yeah uh when they do that. it's so traumatizing you know. and it makes you feel unsafe. in your own home like place. where you should feel most safe um so i think we should call. him something else and i want your help. to see what other options. you come up with um i cannot wait. to hear your suggestions thank you. love you guys love. you too glance and fred i was going. to say glance and gary get the i don't like the alliteration. i like the alliteration there. there's one for peeping tom peeping. pierre would be peeping peter. peeping pierre but i i i i i i just think if you're watching. somebody in their house like you know. obviously if you catch someone in their house. that you're just you you're walking. by and you see them you go oh wow that's them in their house. that's normal and then if you stay looking well. yeah that's what you're a gling. je no i'm just saying if you stay. looking if you stay looking. you're you're you're a you're a window. perve you know you're a pervert. yeah yeah but pervert. is already something so window. perv it has to. be something like that pervy. pierre name thing makes it kind of cute. honestly i think it's peeping. that makes it cute. peeping peeping tom dude. yeah he i mean so insecure. you so far away from a uh. one of those turrets like in a that. a castle has it's like this. oh [ __ ] what's that it's a glance and jeff oh shower. yeah nice yeah glan and jeff. i think just they shouldn't have like the nickname. the nickname at all is the problem. why is window perve but who. let's do this what other. kind of criminal has a nickname like that. what who else does. that uh armanda salter okay. there's the ar variation of the which sucks. for armanda sante the the actor in demolition. man cuz once that came out dude. he's in demolition man. uh dude no he's not you're not. cultured who oh no he's in judge dread. you got wrong d you got it. wrong it's so obvious he should be in all of those. movies that are gray. like that in the 90s. but he's also in the spoof version. of fatal attraction which is called. fatal instinct yeah yeah i love him r desand yeah he's the man um anyway gotti he's in gotti the classic film starring john course course so um you can't make that movie without armand sant it you know somehow right that's totally true did he play gotti no john travolta played gotti got it got it got it gotti got it i think wait or maybe he played gotti in a tv movie i'm getting my mixed up armanda salter mixed up anyway um so yeah i think any nickname at all is the problem i think you're just a pervert. yeah and that's what is the criminal term. for peeping tom look that. up cu that's just what they should call. him like don't give him. any nickname the nickname is going. to send you down the wrong. path no matter what yeah. it's called a it's a misdemeanor. no scroll up obviously scroll. up oh god i mean you know. peeking while loitering that's the thing. like they get all official. and stuff so you can't. you know it is peeking. while loitering that's crazy. invasion of privacy there. you go that's a good one. a privacy invader that. sounds like a voyer. a voyer is like a sexy. thing to be called. well tongs they're all always a sexy. thing dude it's not they're no they're not doing. it for like you're being sexy. while you're pimping tom is what you call. the you're being sexy while you're doing. it yeah yeah yeah watching it's like sliver. remember that movie sliver why are you. in the shower looking at someone. you don't what do you mean. sexy while doing it it's like you're it's like julian. sans is like a voyer. you know sorry rip [ __ ] the wrong. example just just died yeah well so so it's it's not. so okay then i guess my question. is what is not se. when is it not sexy. when you're just happen. to be looking most of the time. but that it's always sexy. no you're missing you're missing the person. is always sexually motivated right. that's the they're not being sexy. exactly that's the difference that's crazy. that's up to the person. being watched if it's sexy. or not all sex [ __ ] saying is that voyer. is like when it's used in a way. that the it's like it's like the playful. like you're looking at me. and i know it well that's how you should have. said it dude. how i said it. no i said it exactly. right and that's why you understood thank you. very much glance and jeff. glance and jeff is the answer. yeah uh wow and yeah dude. oh normally when you're showering. man because why wouldn't you do it. when they're showering if you could see them showering. because number one they're naked. and this is not coming from me. this is coming from if i was a glancing who can you ever see showering though. unless you're in a brian dealma movie. you like don't look at people. showering and then it's people are yeah exactly when you're showering no one can look at you i have a window in my shower. i do for real yeah. it's small but you can you might have a glance co. you might have glancing jeff. dude it's [ __ ] level and and it's small so you can see your whole. [ __ ] yes yes no no no no no no no and i and i and i wash my and when i wash my penis in my shower. i often hear neighbors [laughter]. go yeah stupid so you have a glance in jeff. i have a few glance in jeffs i think maybe a glance in mary. because glance in jessica i hear sometimes. you hear and then sometimes you hear oh that's jeff. mhm that'd be jeff. oh my god hold up. honey uh i'll catch up with you later closeted. gay no like they're walking. the dog i think or something. and he's like here you take him. for a sec oh my god and he wants. to watch glancing jeff he's a voyer. that's sexy walking his dog. that's hot and then sometimes i turn around. and i and i just and i just put my butt. up against it and they see inside. my butthole dude imagine walking. your dog you're just walk. in your dog and you look into. a house and there's a tiny. window and all it is. is a sudsy dick. you're just like what this [ __ ] house. is built wrong this. [ __ ] house is built so wrong sudsy dick dude. sudsy dick in the little window. you know oh man. who put a window. there you know dude. when you're a my calvin is like he's four. and a half and like he's just always itching. his butt and i'm like yeah. i bet like and i'm like dude. don't it butt you're going. to make it itch. more you know and he's just like but it itches. why is it butt. itching because dude here's why man. because you're not good at wiping. until you're like nine you know oh sure sure sure and like everyone knows it so it's like they're just walking around. with itch your butts. all day long yeah i don't know ich bon. i thought that too ich. bon sounds like ich but they should i thought. that too yeah here we go. hey ch matt absolutely love. you guys um how do you feel about. dating someone that doesn't have similar. political views us as you um i recently. started seeing this girl things. are going very very well and she asked. me about you know. where i stood politically and i basically told her. i lean more conservative just because of the nonsensical wars. um very antiwar and um you know. i told her that having a oneyearold. son affects a lot. of this i worry about. his future and potentially having to. fight in a war that. um you know i don't agree with and she's more leftleaning she got very upset. you know she started kind of talking. about her views and how she just couldn't support. anyone that was conservative. but she was trying. to hear me out. it's just gotten a little bit. awkward this is nothing. i would ever care about. in the past but as i get a little bit. older i think it's just more important. um maybe i'm thinking about it. too much but how do you guys. feel um matt i love your oakley. chris you featured me on. your podcast a long time. ago it was very funny. i did what featured you. on his podcast on your podcast. i think um go ahead. i have the right answer. but you go first so dick. you know i it it it it. it doesn't sound like he's even really all. that conservative really it. doesn't but that's somebody asked so. that's interesting right no but i'm just saying. i want to. get clarity clarity first dude. yeah well what's interesting you go. first still but just real quick isn't. it interesting how it changes. he's antiwar and thus he's conservative. yeah during the bush era. there was the exact opposite. but i mean don't talk don't even. talk to me about the bush. era and don't even get into. ionomics tri [ __ ] dumb anyway continue okay now go ahead that's all you had to. say what i was going. to say who [ __ ] cares dude. it sounds like she might care. a little bit more than you. and it's gotten awkward because of that. but like dude first of all i know couples where the people. involved feel different politically. but yeah you can't expect to. have all these things fall in line. to fall in love with somebody. and to agree have the same. political ideology like just whatever. dude learn to disagree. about things it's fine. who cares yeah i i agree. i i i who cares. i mean it's one thing. if you're gna what are you gna. how you going to. raise the kids but it's your kid right but also that kid's going to. have their own political. politics anyway and they're pro they're going to. be most confused because usually what the kids. do is do it the opposite. of what the [ __ ] parents want so only one parent's going to. be happy the other one's going. to be not happy. it's better than both. parents being pissed i think it's pretty. good if you plan on. having kids cuz your odds. are better than if it's you. both think the same thing. because if you both think the exact. same thing you're jamming it down. the kids throat they're going. to be like i'm the other thing. so uh dude i you know how i get i'. go like i do that. thingy i go yep and people comment on it. i guess you said yeah. so insecure yeah and that's fine. but uh it's worse. on wednesdays than any other day. how is that possible. the only thing i can think of is you're allergic to. anthony i'm allergic to. when anthony goes to. the bathroom the only thing i can think of is. it's the third day in a row. on podcasting and that makes sense. yeah but then somebody wrote me and said you should prob you should get it. checked because it couldn't cause cancer. yes dude so now that's what i've been thinking about since. i read it well. ever since i noticed you doing it. i was thinking it's probably. because he has cancer. so you might really want to. get it checked out. it's growing in how would it. cause cancer though what how would it. cause cancer though well for hold. on before we even. get into you did you really think that. what do you mean. did you really think that. of course not we got to. get to the if i thought that. you'd know i know and i knew you. didn't think that but i wanted to. hear you say you didn't think. that i mean then you're a [ __ ] because no because then it makes me feel better then you're crazy. you're [ __ ] or you're crazy fine. but the reason why anthony ser shits. a lot yeah is because oh man. bos what's up lost your. mind oh what's up. toilet jump on it so um half a donut what's up uh think of another one took a brisk walk what's up toilet. jump on it so ding ding. so uh adorable adorable what was i talking. about oh yeah so she said that. it was a comment but she was like i'm a speech therapist. or something thing and uh pyc is not going. to help uh clearing your throat. isn't going to help. but what happens is you're raw. dogging on the podcast without any vocal. techniques right okay and and then when you eat you're it's causing. you know acid don't say. it but yeah okay and then the acid. goes up to the area. and when the acid. goes up to the area. because you're raw dog. it burns it and it could could cause cancer. that way and she said she could help. me but wants me to. hire her now that i'm thinking about it. she's trying to make a buck. off you so i'm not going to. fall for it pay me or you have. cancer that's a good thing. to you i'm not going. to fall for it dude. i'm going to start. telling that to people random. rand people on the street. hey if you don't start paying me. you're going to get cancer. anyway let me know you know. how much that would work. too that would work so much. on people yeah maybe on hypochondriacs. and [ __ ] oh what on hypochondriacs. yeah oh here he goes. oh he got got oh no. no no okay season us. all right you got up anthony. got up but he went to. go get a water okay uh all right. next one hey chris and matt. uh love the show my name. is katrina coling in from washington state. and i'm seeking some advices. do you think it's possible. to meet your significant. other without the use of dating. apps and social media. kind of just like meeting them. organically out in the wild. i don't really love the hline dating. scene um so i was just thinking what your thoughts. are about all of that. great cool thanks love you guys. bye yeah thanks if you're a woman. just go outside and stay there. until you're married until the guy you like comes. along and hits on you will. guys i get it. but if you're a woman step outside. two steps no it's all [ __ ] up and wait there until you get married. guys don't hit on women. out in the world they're they're afraid they think women don't want to. be hit on and maybe that's true. i don't know actually but uh not my experience but apparently that. is the experience it is funny. because i did see somebody was like bitching online. some woman or was it. a tv i don't know what. it was on but she was like there no real men. anymore no men will like ask us. out and it's like oh well because you've conditioned men to. feel that we aren't necessary. and also we're too scared. no and also hey guys just do it no. i know just do it. but like just if you if you see someone. that you want to. talk to you have to. do it it doesn't matter how you've been [ __ ] conditioned just go do that otherwise you're never going. to meet that specific [ __ ] person it's so obvious wouldn't you rather not regret it than regret. it the answer is yes. so do it anyway to. this woman of course it's possible. i've never even been on a dating. app right and every girlfriend i've ever had has been from not a dating app. so the answer is yes and also uh it is it. but it is tough though. because like you know it's it must be tough now. because guys just are are like looking and like swiping and then it's and they're not thinking about this. they're thinking about this yeah from what i understand. it is hard yes for sure that sucks but the answer. is definitely yes if you're asking can that. happen 100% yes it's a lot tougher nowadays. though yeah let's let's definitely a lot. of people lean on the so hard. that they're not even looking around. for it which is actually. so annoying but what are you going. to do i think she needs. to get advice from two. guys who are not two hot. guys oh well then this is okay. then because he's still here. so dick hey dude. you saw when i was being a glancing jeff. how [ __ ] sexy i was that was the least sexy you've ever been the that she needs advice from guys. who are not hot guys. why though because because it's easier. for guys and i mean h. men and women to. date in life it's also easier for them. to date on on apps. too so like and i'm not saying anything about her looks right. i actually she's pretty hot. actually um yeah she she's cute. yeah yeah yeah but you're probably right. about the guys thing probably yeah yeah yeah because it's it's they just have it. a lot easier you know. yeah yeah you guys are tall. handsome guys you have it. the easy going i mean. honestly i have it easier than him. but i'm more charismatic but um yeah i i i understand. yeah i understand what you're saying. so sure but but still the answer. holds the answer is yes. to the question is it. possible of course it's possible. and it is true. that for a cute. such as yourself cute woman. it's easier all you got to. do is how long can you stand. outside right and that that. obviously presupposes that some like worthy. guy will you and that's not a gift. probably not but like chris said if you stand. out there long enough. yeah for go eating and theoretically someone. will will come along but when i walk. outside and i see people see. me i hear them. go like this oh i mean again. you know with the sounds people make when they see some you do something. that's the second time this. happ oh yeah yeah yeah. well people are really audible when your little tiny. window in the shower where. it's really really tiny. so tiny that it. can fit the whole uh view. and they see my penis. and they go sweetie. i'll catch up with you later. yeah oh so um yeah i mean you know. people are audible around me. but anyway cool all right need some advice advice. is how do i handle a grown adult. who attempts to. be funny on a daily. basis on an hourly. basis but falls flat all the time. that's brutal most of the time. all the time every time yeah. but any sign of encouragement you might show just to. get at the stop open up. yeah more chances to. be unfunny it doesn't stop how do i handle this. situation well anyways love you. guys love you matt. love you chris h. yeah chris i met you in columbus with. my bud oh yeah and met you in cinnati with a son. i remember that his son. was a guy that you asked. how old i was when i had him. yeah because his son. is like 40 he's 22. i'm 43 it was a funny. joke bud okay i wasn't laughing but i wasn't laughing anyways. oh yeah also chris i'm the one. that gave you the dinosaurs. in cincinnati to. give the calvin um we saw that. you gave him to. him on the tor port. yeah that was that was amazing. but thank you that me. a lot to us oh to. me why is he ubering hulk holding lotion um that guy. is uh i remember him. yeah he was he's a nice guy. and i remember him and his his son. yeah uh yeah dude you know. what i would say specifically for this. guy he's got a good that's not. funny face his face at rest is that doesn't impress me. clearly it's not working on. the guy he's talking about. well but he's saying if maybe he's not using his face. enough maybe he is using his face. too much rather you know. if he just rest just rest dude if you do a joke. and that guy's face is. just there yeah being his face. you go a [ __ ] yeah maybe you're right yeah you know yeah i mean it's not like he's like some bubbly chick yeah or some i don't know guy with a face that's inviting you know he he looks like a guy that you don't even go up. to he actually is a really nice guy. i've met him twice now but like you look like you look like a guy that. you don't that like a even a um person. that works at a store. wouldn't be like can i help. you he's obviously though talking about someone who cannot. read his face right. unless but i'm saying you have to. exhaust all your possibilities right. but one would imagine that. he has and that's why what led him. to come to us okay. and i think you got to. just look it's hard. to do but some people can maybe you can you gotta say. something like i mean. if you're a stuck it's like are you stuck. in a cub cubicle with this. guy or is this guy like a friend. that you don't know how to. say i don't want to. hang out with you anymore. because if it's the ladder. you just got to. stop hanging out there's no other solution. but if it's someone you have to. be around you got to. be able to. say something like it. does yeah you got to. be able to. say something like what like can you tell me. like what like what makes you think like you're being funny. like you got to. come at it from. a place that sounds like curiosity. though or just burn. it all down and just ask it. outright and don't worry about how you [ __ ] sound cuz that person will never ever ever stop trying to. be funny around you i guarantee. they're old enough now to. where it's just that's who they are. and you've already you've already said that. you've given him encouragement in an attempt to. make him stop well that is a bad. move well yeah but you at some point. you're like all right i'll try this. yeah no but it still it. was a bad move you. gave that dog a bone. and now he's going to. keep coming back so then next time. he does this be like look there was a time. where one time i laughed at. your joke i didn't mean. to i thought it would get you. to stop doing jokes but it really. just exacerbated the issue there's a reason. why i don't laugh most of the time. i don't want you to. be doing that and pretty much every time. it's not funny yes uh anyway. dude all right i'll catch you later yes. correct that's right you did. it all right hey matt. and chris again it's david i was the guy. a couple weeks back. who said the video. about his friend ignoring. him after he got engaged and all that that video. really helped me honestly. recording it to. process some stuff but your guys advice. really helped me with that so i really appreciate it. i'm going to try. and keep this concise because you complimented. me on it last time. went to the comments. cuz i thought hey maybe other people have great. advice uh well that was stupid. the overwhelming majority of people. said that i was gay. which i'm not i get this. a lot actually and i don't know. if it's just cuz i'm loud. and expressive chris you did. say i sounded like i was singing. so maybe that has something to. do with it i have a nose ring. it's frustrating because i'm a young. guy i want to. get married someday like trying to. be in the dating scene and having that be the first impression. of you is really annoying anyway. i wanted to ask if uh this was something. that either of you guys have ever. struggled with if you have any advice i don't know should i just say k. matt mhm i mean dude. the answer is yes you're not you. know it's like it's it's not like you're out. there flitting around. but like you you know i get i i get why. someone might be like oh i wonder if he's gay. but you're talking about people who comment that are ju that's like the number. one thing that they'll go. to if they see a guy is like yeah. you're gay so so they're just saying. that because they're just comments. so yeah don't read the comments. but then also that's the number one. rule of you're not gay. so who cares so. yeah so you meet you're not going to. meet a you're not going. to meet a woman that's going. to be like just knowing what i know. of you now that's going. to be like oh yeah. he's hot but i actually think he's gay. or i love him. but he sounds gay or something so i can't i can't. be with him i yeah maybe you're not the most. quote unquote traditionally you know. uh manly guy but that's maybe that's what they mean. but like who is well besides me. i i am but uh no but yeah i don't know. you have a you don't have a low. voice you are sing songy uh the nose ring. would make make some people think you're gay. but also a lot of people think sometimes. thinner guys you're thin you know but but that's all stupid that's all stupid really if you really think it's not like you're who anyway i don't know why people think i'm gay you know that getting choked uh so i want to. say something very specific actually i know a guy actually he's a friend an actual friend. of mine great guy brag. who and i have friends. he's one of many uh he i can't. even do justice to. expressed how much he sounds sounds. gay anthony you listening his name. is anthony he shits. within the first 10 minutes of every episode. i'm not going to. give any more away no but for real. he it's crazy in fact. when i first met him. i just knew i met. a gay guy right. and i was like that guy's gay. that was part of who he was in my mind. and then afterwards somebody who knew him. better than i knew him. was like you think he's gay. don't you and i was like what. do you mean of course i think he's gay. he's gay i just met. a gay guy and she was like that. guy is not gay and i was like you're [ __ ] i was i was like you're lying or you're wrong. so here's the deal with that. i'm not done though. is what's up right. i his dick. he wouldn't let me so. i like con of didn't even believe her. and i was like she doesn't understand. guys i know what's up. with guys better than she knows. there you go anyway i got to. know him better and now i've known him. for years he's dated women around. me when i talk to. him it's very clear that. he's not like a closeted. gay guy pretending to. not be gay he just doesn't give a [ __ ] how he sounds has no there's no attempt to. sound less gay or seem less. gay i i think in his mind. mind he doesn't even really know. he definitely doesn't care mh. whether he knows or not and that. not caring has translated into. it not mattering when it comes. to meeting and dating women. this i'm positive of because i've seen it. with my own eyes so my advice. to you is even if it got you in your head. to read those comments and even if people in your life. have said that or thought that. about you it can't. matter to you you have to. let it go because the way to. make it not matter is. to believe it doesn't matter it's like this. weird thing where you got to. believe it for to. then be true but if you believe it. or even if you just act like you believe it. then it is true. okay i promise you that. other guys might be like this. [ __ ] guy is acting like he's not that doesn't matter because you don't want to. [ __ ] guys you want to. [ __ ] women and those are who matter and they're not going to. think you're gay if you're poking them. okay well the thing though. about it is that guy. that you know is gay. you and he's actively trying to. [ __ ] you so wait wait wait wait start over yeah he's just doing it very very he's playing the long the long game years long play to. [ __ ] me yeah why not dude i think not if someone is if you think someone's gay and they're being so gay they're gay he doesn't seem that way i one time what if though they're not gay okay so let me how about that let me just how about i don't i understand but let me just tell you something that really really open my eyes to. this and how smart. i am wow i went to. go meet my friend's uh dad once uh him and his him. and his mom you know. dad and mom right. i mean an alien trying. to tell a story the way. i'm telling i get it. but there's a reason why okay so met him at uh my friend's brother's wedding. right because the dad. and mom is going to. be there obviously right hi. i'm the dad the guy. go you know his name i'm not going. to say his name but hi. how you doing i do and here. this is my wife boom i say i go. like this ah nobody knows this. guy's gay okay nobody knows this. guy's gay his wife doesn't know. his kids don't know he's a gay. guy okay had conversations. with other people at the wedding. i'm like what's the deal. with uh he's married. but he's gay right. yeah and was like he's not and i say well. he is oh it's making me. so mad what the way you think. you're going with this [ __ ] crazy but he's not but i've known him. for years oh it's crazy. i am i get the fin i get the but uh and they would even. say you'd swear he was gay. but he's not gay. so i say oh and stop talking about it. knowing full well he's gay. one year later got divorced. started dating men lived in new york. work lived in new york. like that at pottery barn. dude it's he was gay. and and and i knew it. and and that's that [laughter]. dude you're a [ __ ] idiot dude that is first of all i believe that entire story that. is a guy a story about a guy. who isn't the [ __ ] guy i'm talking about might as well be it's a different [ __ ] guy this is not going to. be true about every [ __ ] story watch just watch [ __ ] i a glance in jeff dude you just watch just wait give it time it is bruising how dumb you are dude. it bruises my brain. how [ __ ] stupid you are yeah. d if you think someone's gay that. much they're gay dude. and that's fine of course it's fine. this is not neither here. nor i don't know why. you're saying it's not f. it's not about if it's okay but you're making judgment. about their sexuality when i've never met. the guy but you but you're saying he's gay. you literally never met. a guy who you're saying he's gay. right yes okay well judging off of how smart. you are and how what you thought. when you met him and how perceptive to. my ear and how hot you're being right. now in this moment. yeah no i uh i don't know. he's not gay i don't. know what to tell you he's not. gay i don't like dude. there's a guy that is i've been friends. with for years you're talking about. you now me me okay. yeah he's gay uh is not gay. but he will be gay. he will be gay. one day and i won't say i told you so but i will always have known. and in my head i'll be like i knew it. i'm trying to think if i know. who you're talking about do i know. do i know him yeah oh yeah yeah it's chris it's me. he says all right so yeah. so you know it's just uh what was the guy's question. though oh yeah don't read the comments. period well first of all don't read i didn't even know people were talking about my voice then but second of all don't care and even if you care that's hard though act like you don't care because all that matters is what you're putting out there to. the but also group of people. you're attracted to. selffulfilling prophecy also right. if you if you practice smiling you smile. more right practice smiling it. becomes real you smile you'll be happier. right sure sure sure sure sure okay what i said. is a better way. to say it but you hey man. chris love you guys i said today. my my submission is about my sister. um and how she brushes her teeth. nice so you know i'm a pretty. logical guy i i use iic whenever i make decisions. and go about doing things. and i really struggle. to see where the logic is. on this one okay. so i think it's standard. anytime someone brushes their teeth you know they might wet the bristles before they put their toothpaste on some do some don't i think either way is acceptable not um but the concern i have is more so when she's done brushing her teeth you know brush brush brush you'll get water. in your mouth you'll want to. swish it around get your toothpaste out. spit it into. the sink again i think anyone does that but it's she does this she'll brush brush brush get the water. swish around but then she holds. her toothbrush out in front of her. and spits the water out. onto the bristles into. the so instead of just placing her. toothbrush down when she's done. brushing rinsing out her. mouth she keeps her toothbrush in her. hand and spits on it. what as she spits. out the rinsed out. toothpaste what i had no idea why she does. that did you ask love. you guys let me know. what you f back. no puts it in her. ass yeah man she's [ __ ] done she puts. it in her ass she's done. at that point so she puts. the toothbrush back where it goes. that's weird that's incredibly odd. ask her first of all yeah what the [ __ ] dude. she probably honestly i think i know. the answer and the answer. pisses oh what dude. i think she thinks she's saving. water oh really that little bit. there's no there's no other what else could. it possibly be yeah she thinks she's saving. water she thinks she's saving. the world she's wrong she's got. an inflated sense of self. she's a bad person disown. her you know she's not in your family. more as of 3 2. 1 right now hypnotist she's without a she is without a family. congratulations you have no siblings. who am i what is this. house dude i i that's the most specific the one we've ever gotten you know that's so weird. uh i i if anyone has any other possible. ideas please say them. out loud right now but like i don't no i mean. in this room i don't see. how yeah no i i i was thinking. the same thing um it has to. be a version of that. cu you don't think it's better. than water that it hasn't. been no it's obviously been in your mouth. so it's not clean cleaning. it it's more likely contaminated. than turning on the sink and using that. water it could. be a mental thing. like an ocd thing though. yeah maybe but then that then it would no longer. defy logic it would just be like oh well well that defies l. but yeah okay i see what you're saying. yeah you would no longer. be searching for a reason right. if somebody was like i can't die. a plane crash right yeah exactly. yeah yeah i don't want my dad. to get run over by. a train right. i don't want my brother. have cancer because he keeps going. no dude you really don't think. that though i don't think that yeah. you're annoying you're [ __ ] annoying depend you ask no it doesn't really anybody who knows you knows that yeah but ask people that don't know me i bet even they would assume that i'm right. if they seen you ever dude. you're annoying how about that. man i mean i mean. i am kind of annoying. so kind of yeah not like you though. not on your level what. i'm saying is not necessarily annoying. there i said it which which thing. again just how i'm not annoying. i know but which thing. about was i saying oh oh oh yeah about how i have to. say yeah that's annoying no it's annoying. always yeah sorry dude mom had a dream. the other night that it. was so [ __ ] up she rolled got she fell out of bed. [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] when he left just burst in a laugh go [ __ ] i almost held it. the whole time mother luther king. she had a dream he's criming he's crying. he's criming he's committing crime that you know. what that made him laugh. as much as the uh uh what was it. uh something i said no no. it was something i said it. was it something i said uh mr. ripley thing what was it. oh the terrified mr but that. was over text we saw a dude. that was scared that was that. looked like scared matt damon. and i called him we talked about on the show. oh we did terrified mr. what's the guy's name uh jet. pucket oh that's dude. mortal enemies had it on the tip. of his jet pucket yeah. we're talking about jet pucket we. know him well so on mother. luther king what did she do. she had a dream and she fell. out of bed she was so was scared. she fell out of bed. she woke up on the ground. after she hit it oh my god and then racism. ended yeah no that's crazy. dude the dude she was being chased. in her dream and she was running. running and then she woke up on the [ __ ] ground. crazy as that she show. me her no she died. i meant to tell you of course. she's okay man well dude. if it was la was it last. night it was two nights. ago okay so if it was last night. i didn't talk to. her yet so maybe she has a bruised. [ __ ] knee or something. she's all bruised up. she's so she's not okay. it's not did she die. or not fine jesus. christ mom my mom like this in the bed. i have a dream and then and then and then and then whites. and blacks all over the country. just oh my knee she [ __ ] up. her back her neck she hit her. chin she [ __ ] up her back. her neck her [ __ ] and her crack jesus. dude mom's not going to. like that joke i'd explain. trina's song trina okay trina makes his song. got my neck my back. my [ __ ] and my crack so the way i say mom was why he's talking dirty right. now okay you know talking dirty. dude she's a mom i i i i know but hopefully they've tuned out. the minute 53 hopefully they've tuned out. by now no they watch to. the end no one. else does but mom and dad. i would we've said this. a lot the end of the show. is always the best part. the reason i even know this story about yeah. you're right the reason i i even know the story about mom. she didn't call me to. tell me i went there. cuz dad was like hey i'm having trouble. with the and white and black people were dancing. shut the [ __ ] up okay i have a problem with the printer can you help. me with the printer i'm like [ __ ] busy how do you know i'm busy i'm 40. yeah yeah yeah yeah okay i'm a guy. who's alive and 40 i can't. come fix your [ __ ] printer anyway of course i went. fix his [laughter] [ __ ] all 40 i'm a guy 40 and alive a busy. dad well that's actually a good impression. all right so so go so i'm like i can't [ __ ] come i'm [ __ ] busy you know i'm busy [ __ ] anyway i go 20 minutes later cuz i'm who i am you [ __ ] he needs to. [ __ ] no man i care about my [ __ ] family man you're a [ __ ] yeah yeah exactly so n i ain't coming figure it out that's me my mom oh her hip hurts trina so i [ __ ] i i go over there the printer's not on oh no fix it immediately because it wasn't it didn't need to. be fixed no dude. and then i turn around. and i'm going to. leave i'm like i got to. [ __ ] go cuz i'm [ __ ] 40 yeah and i [ __ ] i'm on my way out and mom goes let me tell you about my dream oh god martin lu. mom luther king so then she tells me about she [ __ ] i'm like you guys be better. at this yeah living thing. they're definitely laughing now. right now now they're [ __ ] dying yeah. oh that's so funny oh man. that's so funny yeah wow. uh she was dying she was dying. laughing telling me about it. though yeah yeah yeah dad the funniest part. dad said he woke. up and and was like obviously scared. out his mind all he do was here he looked over. and all he saw was this. mom like this getting up. and he was like what the [ __ ] happened yeah oh wow man. mom's hey mom has to. stop stop falling yeah mom stop falling please yeah mom will be reading and falling. y yeah in a in a c. on a couch this his mom she's never even. doing anything particularly i know it's gymnastics or some [ __ ] or irresponsible walking yeah or or standing yeah mama fall looking yeah [laughter] the jump part you know old women they just dude they they just they fall though you know old women get to. be a certain age and they just go. like this oh dude. i got to start. falling yeah uh i'm going to. get it make it real. real real here that's how great grandma. melina died she fell and broke. her hip and then she couldn't recover he. had a great grandma. melina i'm kidding okay. i'm kidding i'm kidding i. do that italian yeah she was the one. that sounds like a tupac would rap. that she was the one. we used to. make go this and we'd sing the whole. superman song and at the end we'. go super grandma i know yeah said i know like you're going to. kick my ass i know. i know and she died. falling down the stairs which is not like superman at all no but it's also for all of our stairs. are her kryptonite i guess very nons super grandma. move but uh for all. our old i know a lot of people in our audience. are very very old old people. really love this show mh uh. it's like it's outrageous how many old people die. because of something that started. when they fell yeah dude. it's crazy it's like 70% of people. that die over 75 it's cuz they fell. and then something else happened. you break your hip it's like a death. sentence yeah that's what happened. to grandma melina melina dude. we would go be like grandma. put your hands up and she'd have the the blanket. over her bottom half always in her. chair and she'd be just like smiling. and we'd be laughing so hard. like super and then she just go she didn't. know what the [ __ ] saying had no idea what we were saying sheely spoke english almost actual no english yeah yeah we're ethnic. italian i um so right. before she died she said i done. she i done yeah and then y. hey so what brings you. in here hey i done. doc m um what you always. said really you don't know. that i was like five. when she died you don't know. that every time we would come over. she' be like guella what does. it mean you're two handsome. handsome handsome boy me. me mostly me she said me. knew know any italian. you she did no you said she said. she said guella and then she look at you. and goh no she look. at me she said gu b. she'd look at you and say he's back. uh yeah dude i'm formidable. like that [ __ ] bull too nope uh i guess we don't need to. do another um submission no. but uh i will be in toronto. coming up and go see the uh oxnard we're going to. do a lifeline live show. oxnard and you get to. see that on the patreon. so go get our patreon patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. uh uh uh thank you very. much and happy birthday. uh nba young boy. john kriski and kamala harris kamala harris man. i know i know i i'm still worried. about that i do say lot. but i also sometimes say kamala so oh anyway. but i also say donald trump. so right yeah right uh go to. uh sign up for free. to my patreon patreon dot com. madelia and of course the new merch. the lifeline merch lifeline dot com. and uh what what did. we forget anything no nothing never never oh. that's not true okay great. thanks everybody guab bell. ione he's back you know hello. hello hello will hello hello hello hello 