 how are there still monkeys. if we came from there. i mean i'd be good for the right. wing media as well. actually yeah you should follow. up yeah you should open. for oliver i believe in jesus. [laughter] [music] so what do we think about my new. glasses dude i love your. new glasses do you yeah do you do you like my eyeglasses. come on now do you do your lucky. glass come on a song you'd listen. to that an eye doctor would play for kids. i like your new glasses. but do you like my new. hat look down do you do you like my new. hat so we can come. on now do you do you like my new. hat okay i'm seeing in um what. do you think i mean. honestly it looks right with the dangly earring. oh cool but it's not a good. hat watch your mouth. on your phone i got it. at 7eleven dude oh that's weird. you didn't get it at a high fashion. place uh dude they have really good hats. at 7eleven there's a third. hat i've bought at 7eleven. and let me tell you too. i know it's american. but it was definitely in a mexican. neighborhood what do you mean. it was oh oh right. oh yeah there you go. i drove by a place. that was selling on display construction worker. vests that are were like reflective. and lingerie and i go like this oh this must be the mexican. neighborhood why i don't even. know what there's just it. just i don't either but it's something. that is a feeling and you know. what's up did we already been going. for 11 minutes no it's hours. dude oh um but yeah that's pretty. that isn't that but that is right. if you think about it like it's a mexican. neighborhood if they're doing it. what was it though i mean. that's the oh i don't even. know i just assumed it. i don't know so you don't know. i think it probably was but it's not racist. okay so now see now okay i see yes yes yes yes because mexicans will go like oh damn i need that. for work and damn that's [ __ ] hot. remember the story i had about uh the tweety bird. with the uh call the cops. i'll have sex with them i think i was talking about. no yeah here the shirt. i drove by the storefront i had this. shirt i wanted oh i didn't tell you what is it. called the cops thing. the thing on it the shirt. i didn't even describe the shirt. because i was like i don't want anybody to. buy it so everybody. forget what it's not. there anymore right no. it wasn't there when i go by. and i haven't i've looked online. i've googled it like many many times you can't. find it well this is good. describe what the shirt is because people will find it and send you the link. impress me by finding it so i'll describe it. it's it's a black shirt. with tweety bird on it. so far it's horrible. no it's great it's like a big. baggy shirt big or like an oversized shirt. couldn't be booty bird. no i would already wear it. first of all but okay is the tweety bird. embroidered on or is it. no it's like cheaply like laminated on. her however i don't know what you call. that when you make it uh whatever. yeah i don't know what's worse. uh and and the quote the thing. the tweety bird was. saying it had like a like a gangster woman. like thing in its hair like it. was like being a not a vato. it's a one the shirt's a one what is that. for oh yeah okay anyway chola chola. thank you a chola tweety bird. yeah it was like decked. out stuff right no that's a 10 out of ten. already no it's a one. dude uh that's something i'm forgetting. i'm paraphrasing because i don't remember exactly. but it was like it was it. was basically threatening saying like go ahead. and call the cops. i can't wait to. have sex with them like call. the cops and i'll have sex. with them that was the quote that the tweet. it didn't make sense though. like the reason i'm saying it. wrong is because it was wrong. and that was the best. part of the shirt i what that's scary. you didn't know how to. pull it up on the thing. i gotta give it to. him i don't have a killer. gotcha okay cool okay anyway i'm very excited and if it's not. the right one i'm very upset. well you think there's two no no. i think that like that somebody just randomly made it. you know i mean i don't think there. was these were made and mass. you know what i'm saying oh. it was just one in that. store yeah no there's one there's two sure. you know that you know. that saying it's a good. theory so bring it up so i wonder why it's not up so bring it. up why would it not be up. yet it's not up this podcast. yeah no i know but i tried. another google what's anthony doing what is he doing well. i didn't find it uh well somebody did yeah so why. is it not up. the fact that it was found and this halfassed. podcast dude isn't good it's not good. it's not what did you tweet. he says because of the tweety bird. is on it he got confused. what a [ __ ] we love you though. we love you i have no. way of sending it to. you how you need to. [ __ ] find it yourself but how does he have no way of sending it why can't you telling the words. you googled that's that's gonna be funny. bird tshirt called cops is. what that's good that's good. thank you what do we got here. 3d bird tshirt. cops i wonder if something that's never been googled i guess. i never googled that oh no. this is the one you're in what. does it say nope. you clicked the wrong one. click the black one he said it. was black pick the one. that's black that's the right one. tshirt dude oh my god okay. [ __ ] call the cops i'll have sex with them [laughter]. go to the tshirt. i kind of like that sweatshirt. one dude that's incredible. sleeves dude somebody buy me. that that actually is the [ __ ] sickest. shirt you're right dude once. i saw it that's a that's a nine shirt. that's different yeah see that's the thing. why are there different colorways. dude it's so popular. it's popping off okay [ __ ] call the cops in swedish. i gotta get that i want one. too let's bring the shirt. of the pot like the official. pod go to. go to go up go. go to did they have lard. that's good dude get two xl. yeah yeah and charge it to. the the thing this is unreal. charge it to. the game yeah okay um that's incredible. dude all right good. so sad wow i'm really happy. right now okay [ __ ] call the cops tweety bird sure you know awful does uh disney get paid for that is it disney. no it's totally not no. no not sanctioned yeah all the cops. i'll have sex with them you know. why i think it was taken. down maybe because it's like oh people at disney. obviously or yeah it's not even. disney that's looney tunes is. that i don't know anyway. these large corporations obviously scour the internet. have legal teams that. take this [ __ ] down you know i mean like with a good reason. there's a million of these right. here right they're saying i'm telling you. though i i actually googled it. extensively when i looked and it was obviously. i would have found it. you know i mean it. just didn't come up wow i feel like maybe you didn't your googling. skills aren't there i mean. maybe but that seems weird. even if who like who has bad googling. skills you want the hat. yeah i want to. see how we're looking to. have i look pretty bad. in a hat dude. i realize how big my head. is it's on the biggest setting my head. the size of you my head. just give me an excel. two inches that's the move. yeah um for that he's two. inches dude i'm two inches. wide two inches long two. inches tall yeah um i'm saying [ __ ] oh yeah there we go there we go wow i mean no no so that's 0.2 inches i'm two inches. tall and my [ __ ] is 0.2 inches. whoa that's really small it's smaller. than a [ __ ] that's small so uh all right. yeah we got to. get those shirts and put it on the show. what's that one what do. you think it's a good. colorway too yeah that's a good. well you like purple. what do you think who do you. think you are that one's not as good. obviously the attitude isn't the attitude. isn't right the thing. is there's a lot of the tweety bird. with attitude thing that was it what was a thing that was a section. by them yeah it was like oh okay yeah yeah and it was like the tasmanian devil. was like that too and they were just like yeah that's so good. oh there's other ones. come on bro. what what okay don't google. google called tweety bird. called no google call the cox call. the cops i'll have sex. with them that must be a thing. oh maybe yeah because that this. is insane that there's a bunch of different. sometimes it's like that it's like shirts. just have like people in other countries. write them in english it's got to. be from like what's that. show on hbo it's got to. be like from that with the two. australian guys or something new. zealand guys oh no it's just yeah. it's just a thing i thought maybe from a show. you know i'd be wearing and somebody's like hey [ __ ] michael scott i'm like i got an office. shirt no that would be bad yeah. dude what if we found out it. was from like oh god. like michael scott would wear something. like that and i think it's funny. and then yeah too bad that show's. already off the air now. they can't do it so we're in the clear. we're in the clear all right. cool so or if it's like a sunny philadelphia. i do think that is a funny. show but yeah this is so weird. how there's so many of these i can't. believe i must have i must have i'm ashamed. i'm frankly i'm ashamed. yeah but i'm really happy. though too all right. well we got that black shirt. can't wait to. wear that i gotta be honest. with you i'm gonna wear it for my shows. coming up in little rock. arkansas and also nashville i will be in nashville. and little rock arkansas and then i have a uh run i have a run in canada. crystallia dot com cleveland. pittsburgh uh philadelphia detroit i'm gonna be in a whole mess. of slew of different places. uh yeah let's look go. ahead hit tour uh. uh uh yeah keep it moving. montreal keep moving. uh orlando florida fort myers. for some reason richmond virginia and baltimore. which are the two i always forget. about richmond virginia richmond north of richmond. dude is it north do you know. about this oh what's that. you're good we can talk. about it after okay. and then we go to. uh if you want to. leave a what do you call. it a uh a thing uh well first of all patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. is popping off our patreons. keep getting bigger and bigger lifeline. luxury is a blast we don't give advice. we just [ __ ] talk about each other laughing. have a good time. we talk about childhood. stuff we talk about things going on in the news. we have a blast having a good. time every note is the same. here so um and we have uh two at least. two episodes a month uh that are longer than a half. an hour but they're great. they're popping off we've been doing. like three a month at least uh so yeah and then if you have a thing. uh if you want to. leave a message on the hotline. or go to watch. lifeline dot com if you have a question. we love the followup. questions uh send us videos uh describing. a situation with the weirdo. in your life we want to. hear about the weirdos. in your life and then we also have a oneonone advice. sessions with mattelier at matalia. dot com you can go. get that and then the merch. is obviously so uh lifelinemarch dot commerch dot com. so what is north virginia. north uh north what is. it north what is west virginia. alec uh no um okay so richmond north of richmond i can't believe you. don't know this it's so maybe i'd love to. know this okay it's that song. that went super viral with mr. redbeard guy oliver anthony or whatever his name is it's this. that like right wing. oh oh the new song. that works yeah yeah. it's great yeah that sounds great. okay well you said you didn't know. what it was and i'm here. that's the name of the song. north rich men north. of richmond is the name of oh it. is which is a good title. for a song title. for anything yeah so that's it. what's cool about this. guy i don't want to. have any commentary about the song the song's been pundited to. death dude everybody's got it. it's a really good song. here's the thing though all anyone wants. to talk about with the song. is the politics i know. and not outside of what the song. is talk about if the song's good or bad. that's way more interesting. i don't care about the politics. the thing that happened is it. caught fire with rightwing media. yeah i understand then people on the left. had to be like oh but it's this. i know you're right when people have to. be like oh but i love it. because it's this it's the same. thing it is like nobody gets to. have an opinion because everybody's got to. be like oh i'm affiliated with this. camp it's this isn't a song baby. it's the same thing as the movie. with the [ __ ] children. of freedom or whatever the hell freedom. but this sound of freedom. but that movie was a a right. wing enter not. right i understand but like an enterprise but hold on a second. this guy's just putting a song no no. yes no he had a political. idea it's but dude. so does like oh and i love the song. so does leadbelly he's not. like a political singer. though he writes songs that have to. do with like in this. case living now in the where he lives. and how much it sucks. and the people i don't know though. he knows he wanted to. well hold on this hold on though. this song got so popular. because it's good it. it if it was bad. it wouldn't have caught fire. like this politically even. you're you're partially right but the truth. of the matter is no. song blows up that fast. without an enormous push from somewhere. and the push was explicitly whatever it's worth right. wing media that's all. that's this is rogan. posted it though he's not. right wing he's he's made after the big. push was made okay well i don't mean. like it was like a conspiracy. no no i know that i know. that i just mean like people. on the right really it. really resonated with them. and they really have taken to. it like it's an anthem. it's all i'm saying with him. though right he's an apolitical person. who's just making music he is he's not like a an overly rightwing. person not no he's just literally a guy. yeah they made it seem like he is though. yeah no but he's not yeah. right but i found out later. right he's like he i guess. he's gotten record offers and he's like declining. all of them it's like i don't want. to do any of this. stuff and people are shocked when they make me these offers. and i say no but that's not well. i don't even think i'm not gonna. be musician i don't want to. do it i never planned. on doing it i'm sure. he will because how could he not the guy. is so talented. the first four songs on the billboard. 100 are all his right. now three four times going back. in time he like knocked jason. aldean's song off the top of the chart. incredible by himself i. wonder what number i would. be in the top 100. if i came out with a song you wouldn't be on the top. 100. if i really gave it. a real go a college. try like just i don't know. what i would say what's the song. though it doesn't matter who's doing. it obviously this guy came out. of nowhere what's the song. about [music] the evolution and you know some time. no that's good no that. was good it's about evolution that's cool. what about evolution how are there. still monkeys if we came from there. i mean that'd be good. for the right wing media. as well actually so you should follow. up yeah you should open. for oliver i believe in jesus. hahaha wow oh they're still monkeys. gospel song how are there still monkeys. how are they still monkeys. it's the dumbest argument against them. you know how is it. how but it's like so we evolved from. monkeys hmm kinda makes you think just go. to the zoo and get back. to me wow i believe in jesus. honestly that's the song i would listen. to and we all know it. with your tweety bird shirt. i love gospel music. ah all right well i think that's a great. i think that'd be great. song i think i could if i i think i should make a song like that. some producer get at me. i gotta make a song like that. where i'm singing and but it has to. be good though it can't be that i want. good production what genre. of music is it gonna be like that. pop oh like okay but a radio. hit yeah a radio i'm. going for it okay okay well see who comes in who i know. don't hit me up. if you got ten thousand followers i'm talking about i need the guy who worked with pharrell or something like you want like timberland or something like that yeah buddy big yeah okay so let's go for uh rick rick rubin's might not do that one uh all right so here we go let's do a uh an advice i just uh needed to. acknowledge the conversation around women. needing to. pop pimples oh yeah and i just want to. say as a woman that is [ __ ] disgusting. thank you let's get married. thank you yeah thank you well. i mean i've never met. a woman that does it. there are some out there. that are like you and this is proof. so thanks for letting us. that's cool uh i i really wonder how her life made her feel that. way because i would find at base. women just like to. do that that that's their that's their taking care of you. kind of nurturing yeah but even. if that's true she was obviously you know. had a rough childhood. but even like you know. even when we say like oh men are like this. women are like this that's true. but like in a 60 40. way not like in a 98 to. two her dad died. early what her dad probably. died early or something who hers. she had a rough childhood. i mean worst psychologist you know. did your dad die. early all the first five minutes to. say one thing about pimples. and then chris as a psychiatrist. says yeah her dad. your dad probably died. early your dad's no longer. with us right he died. early no he's great he's married. to my mom okay let's get to. the bottom of this thing okay let's get to. the bottom why you're lying to. me about your father he'll. die soon um uh yeah well okay. i i i yeah that was good. thank you for the thought. thank you for that that. is very good production. very good producer job. way better than anthony. couldn't do the thing anthony. literally couldn't even use the keyboard. yep type letters onto. it and not only that he wasn't even. doing any letters he was it. was zero things on and he was just he was literally he was literally sitting there like shaking frozen. like a deer in headlights. didn't know what to. do he was almost cried. but he almost cried i did oh that's not a movie. tin and tina it's called. tin and tina oh it. is yeah oh what is that. it's a [ __ ] spanish film but what is it a horror movie. about two about twins that. are adopted cool. sounds good i like this. sounds japanese frankly yeah it. does sound japanese but it's spanish. because i said and i said that. i know i'm not saying it. is japanese i'm saying that. i gotta be honest. he sounds japanese it's not. very good oh okay. well then let's not talk about it. i mean it had a lot. of promise a lot. of promise the first half. was great and then i was like all right. it's the whole thing when the [ __ ] movies are like you know look this is a common. thing with horror movies and you kind of have to. give horror movies the benefit of the doubt. when you're like you know you're like why. are they still in the house. yeah they wouldn't be you little bit of that. in a horror movie yeah. there was too much. of that in this one. too much of that they [ __ ] murdered the family. dog and they're like well they're they're 11. oh yeah. you'd be sent to. yeah yeah yeah it's too much. but if if a kid that i adopted. killed my dog i would just kill. the kid it'd be a whole mess. you know be such a mess. i'd be like front page headlines. the trial of the year. you know matalia kills adopted. children because they killed this. kid with that hat on. the front page american. matt dalia yeah all right. um all right another one. picture of him set design. we're hearing chiang mai. on our honeymoon oh. cool a whole lot of like sweaty. street needs and i don't know. if we should try it. or just like where's lives. on the edge or just the norm. street meats we're not. getting sick [music] if there are. people eating at them. yeah feel free to. go if there's one where nobody's going. do not go well that's that. would just be the end course. good one in general. when you're in a a place. that you're not from and you don't know. what to do just follow. what the people who are from there. are doing because like because the chances. of it being the right. thing to do are good. now if you do that in the country. you're from you probably suck. but if you that's like a good way. to get around again. good good good good uh point. yeah you know if you're in the country. and you're following people you're sheep. if you're in a punchy where you don't. live you're not a sheep. you're just experiencing it. and i am not following the people. in my country because i'm not a sheep. i am [ __ ] i believe in jesus. why are there still monkeys. go to the if if you believe in heaven. and go to. the zoo and get back to. me dude one time i i'm gonna open this. okay okay thank you for the wow. that is unbelievable how loud it. is though you need to. do it in the [ __ ] thing next time because it's just something can you get me a water. dude thanks um i was i met. this girl in las vegas. gonna end in tears. no i mean kinda i was like you were there. i think this was a long. time ago maybe you weren't. i don't know i've been to. vegas a lot dude i'm a bigger i'm a big. roller but it was like a really long time. ago anyway like we were saying like ashton was there. yeah yeah um and uh met this. girl she was like taking us around. to some places i don't even i remember. this okay i don't know if i was there. but i remember this okay. and we kind of like hit it. off we were hanging out we like ended. up hanging out just the two. of us a bunch nice and if you know. what i mean at one. point uh i don't know how it came up but evolution came up and what she said about evolution it was even worse. than saying she doesn't believe in it. and that she believes something. else the way she phrased it. was like i don't know i just never really like bought into. that one optional buyin or not it's like you either. think it or you. don't i mean obviously think it. because it's obviously true. revolution thing i'm on the fence. i don't know if we yeah. it was like i don't know if i buy it. like there's still monkeys. and it's like i don't know i never really bought that. one it's like what that one. what do you mean. like yeah it's not conspiracy. there's like a whole series. of them on offer and you get to. pick and choose this. is not how that works. you don't get to. decide for yourself what things. to believe in you just believe in them. oh that's that's [ __ ] i don't believe in that it's like that. is even though that's wrong. that's right better you're wrong. with conviction yeah she's just a dumdum. yeah honestly it was like nice. to meet you i'll see. you later that's it. really yeah it was gone. oh wow yeah i like dum. dums so i would have hung out. with any dum dum i hang out with so i mean i like male or female dumb. people are fine but the way. it was just like it was just an optional. thing she posed it as i. didn't like that all right. so that's cool uh i want to. talk about well i guess we could do another. thing but i wanted to. talk about um the i talked about this on congratulations. i think the um by the way. like and subscribe leave a comment thank you. it'll be really really nice what's up. with the you said there's we should do. another thing but you said there's water. stores yeah remember we talked about this. yeah yeah on the text. though right it was on the text. yeah all right because i kind of know. about this but i don't really know. about this so do you want to. do this now or what what's up. luxury no okay all you gotta do is google. i know it's gonna be hard. for anthony because he doesn't know. how to google right. but if he just sits in front of his computer. opens google and writes the word water. space spell it because you know. he doesn't store okay. watr space store that's all you have to. google yeah come on dude. i'm dead serious bring it up. bring it up bring it. up bring it up. up bring it up. bring it up hey can you do this. before we even get into. it kevin you don't know. how to do that. box is too fast. say it again i'm like busta rhymes yeah. everybody you know that song. marco everybody wow okay. so water store okay the 10. best water stores in l.a see dude. it's a bunch of them. dude i don't understand. this beyond o2 alkaline water. aqua h2go water land. fresh living watermark what are these places. why are you selling water. go to a store and buy water. because there's water in it. you don't need your own. store for water every store has water. aqua best so far radio shack. has water dude everything. has a smoke shops i've ordered. pico water like what are we doing. here in it it's like it's like it's like alkaline balanced whatever the hell it. is water and i guess it's better. than regular water but like i'm pissed. you know um all right so all right. so let's go into. uh the next thing so it's very weird. the water place chris never seen. those before in my life. chris and anthony did either of you. know about uh water stores no okay. so that's one no chris did you know. about water stores no no you know. what why don't any of you. know about water that's the weirdest part. about it what i didn't. know about it this is what i want. people to comment under the thing. did you know there were water. stores here's the thing because i had no. idea here's my question though. which is even crazier like why. are there so many who's going. to these this is keeping them. in business this is the whole point. if i don't know about them. neither do they i'm just. using me because i'm me okay. if i don't know about them. and there's so many yeah how are they in business. i don't know about them. okay be like okay i just don't go. but there are so many i've seen at least. 12 just living in la throughout. the course of my life. like that's a lot that's like more than the amount. of mcdonald's i've seen you know. what i mean yeah all right. we know it's absolutely okay. all right it's mantle maya. matt chris what's good studied magic. yep you're gonna know um so i have a question. for you guys commenting your significant other after she. does something that she's already. done and you've already give her. a compliment on it. right so for example my wife. loves to reverse. park into a parking. spot cool and she did it. perfectly the first time cool. so now i'm like awesome. job great job but every time she does it. she's almost kind of looking over. to me anticipating for me. to compliment her again. and again and again. but after a while it's got to. stop right what is your take okay. i i hear you i feel you here's what i think. great submission it's really cute. that she does that first of all. it's cute when people are like didn't i do. good like that's just a cute. thing especially within partnerships relationships. like this okay uh like intimate relationships. i mean your hat. and um it's annoying to. be on the other side. of it because you don't want. to be like i gotta do this. feel pressure yeah i'm gonna do this. again we did this so all you got to. do is like in that case. for instance something really simple. and fun for yourself. to do so it's not. like a chore you can just be like this. you know what i'm saying something. that is like at least not like oh wow. you don't have to. pretend like oh great. job that's annoying honestly rate it every time she parties yeah. yeah make it a game. make it like a a competition. with previous times that she's done. it that's that's a better. idea lost your mind. just on the radio on a radio. ten four okay put it away. put it away christmas. is fun out put it away. okay so the thing is i had it. i had my phone so it's fine. um yeah i think that's a good. good thing a good question. i also think though that um i don't know. that's interesting i will say though. if you were going get like if it's what if it. if it's something that they did. once that they do once. like say hey i tried painting. check this out wow. that's very good to. follow that up a few days later. and be like i was just thinking about that. painting you really did a really good job. with that painting that would give you mileage. man oh sure yeah okay you probably just gotta probably getting bj's. out there was you if you did that you know what i mean. getting into no nitpicky fights. for like three months yep. yeah gotta keep thinking about that. painting you did and then just keep doing. it well for years she might question. it and be like are you [ __ ] with me. like be like this what's up. remember that painting you did. in 2018 four years. later it just was gorgeous so transparent you know. uh all right cool next one. hey guys my name is oh no. no no no it paused not happy. hey guys my name is hi. my name is no. dude woke up in the desert. woke up in the desert has no idea. where it is you gotta leave. it you gotta leave whatever's happening. in because what matt did. was great he's a nicholas cage character. dude i want it. to work i want to. do that no wait i want. it to work i need to. be a boss like that no. way i need to. be in which it is not. working is pissing me. off so much it's not that. it's not playing at the start. hey guys my name is [applause]. i don't know wait why. would this one be not. working oh so transparent i don't. know hey guys my name is cesa. i'm a drummer in the nashville. area my problem is that people don't. believe me when i say that. or they say i don't look oh my god even in grad. school my classmates would feel the need to. explain really basic. concepts to me i could. be on my own gig. and i get asked if i'm helping the drummer. move equipment and on. multiple occasions i'll be like sitting at my drums. and the sound tech will. ask me if i know where the drummer. is well wow next month. is a really big international. conference for percussion and inevitably every year i run. into people who ask if i'm a singer. for some reason or who assume i'm their accompanying a boyfriend. and still after all these years. i don't know how to. respond to any of those people any suggestions i mean. they just have a bit like dude. obviously like what they're saying. is you're you're pretty you know. there's not much they're being sexist. but i mean like dude. if it was a no if it was a chick. that looked like a a dude. they wouldn't probably wouldn't happen. as much well no here's what it. is there are very few. visible female drummers which is what. you're saying right especially like but here's the third. one here's the other thing. that this is unfortunate for you in particular. i would imagine a lot. of that like maybe not. more than half but a good. amount of that is definitely guys. just trying to. talk to you um i think it's more. of a sexist thing no. it it is that but it's it's like it. is that what is that. from again it's from the tupac. interview where they're like what. is it he says you can't. say that on the podcast. oh okay okay okay well i can't. yeah i think we can't. no no but we could play it. right is the m word or something. yeah yeah okay cool anyway. but you [ __ ] say that. yeah tupac anymore. but he can say that. he is that it is that. all he wants uh interview yeah. that's really just kind of unfortunate but i totally get i mean. that would be anything that me. i have to repeat. many times to. many people almost nothing drives me. more crazy than that. you know that about me. than having to. re oh the thing i said basically yeah basically just the thing i said you know uh when i have to. repeat something like i'm doing now. again and again to. people over and over it's just so maddening and annoying. i mean i'm you you actually. kind of i think usually you. don't have the right. to be like express anger. you know uh but in this. case because it kind of is. a bit at least a bit sexist. yeah usually then i i feel like you kind of can. have a little attitude. about it if you're angry. but you probably just want to. minimize the whole thing whole. event as much as possible. so like really just like the most abbreviated thing. you you can think of to. do the better so in every case. that's different though because they're saying it. in different ways so maybe the only thing. you could have to. do is uh just whenever they say. something that alludes to. the fact that you can't possibly. be the drummer just say i'm a drummer. okay a lot of words. to just say to. come but like but like her version. of whatever she wants but like um are you. waiting for your boyfriend. where's the drama i'm a drummer you don't sing. like that's just a weird. thing to do all. right so which is what you did. that's it's just sexist. which is you know sometimes. sexism is you know like that's not that. worst sexism but it's like annoying as [ __ ] especially if it's happening over and over again. but there's not that many. female hot chick drummers that. are visible well in fact. i can only think of like less. than one handful i know. zero but i don't know music. at all right okay yeah so chris you know. music can you think of any high. profile female drummers there. is uh like i can think of the most famous. ones is a woman named sheila. e is a drummer yeah. she's a nails wow and but could you do. this wow so annoying that thing. know what it is yes how about that. guy in the the local band. that you love so much. marco the guy playing sharp. dressed man oh yeah that's that's the cool. drummer guy when he goes like this. with the twisty stick. oh can we play it. or no we're gonna play that on luxury. as well okay we'll plan on. luxury dude what's more annoying. air drums or air. guitar air drums that's the tough one though air. drums air guitar though eardrums. is worse an end. any kind of drums unless you're playing which is also very annoying. because it's so loud drums are cool. dude how much does. this play the drums well. are unbelievably i agree. agree agree but how about how uncle mike. is always like you know. if nick wants to. if or not nick uh our uncle mike. is very eager to. share his drums very vast. drum knowledge knowledge i got two. drums in the guitar why. does he have two why. oh well one is a real set and the other one. is the silent one that just is like that. only for you with the headphones. on it's like it sounds very. quiet yeah i mean my my son kevin will be like yeah they'll be like what kind of chicken you want he was like oh give me a breast and a drumstick drumsticks so excited you know your uncle mike sent his other drum set to. my house i knew that. yeah that's right see yeah. no i know he was like that. with you yeah he was like oh you played he was so happy. when you learned chris play drums don't even. listen to anything with drums. in it around uncle. mike because he will give you a drumstick. don't mention drums don't mention. interest in music he will sing. he's like those saudi arabian guys. that where you can't compliment. the [ __ ] they have to. just give it to. you yeah like we're like oh this. is a cool camel and they'll be like it's yours. that's uncle mike with drums yeah. yeah you listen to. phil collins and you you listen. to [ __ ] sister studio and you just go like this you're like this i got jumped in the garage i got two i'll give you one oh yeah he's like uh yeah he's very eager to. share his drums yeah. literally not just his knowledge about drums. but his actual drums yeah. he's willing to ship. to you very generous. if you accept i mean most generous. about as generous. as you yeah as you can he is a great. man and very generous. and wants to give you his drum sets yeah. he always trying to. give you his drums um so anyway. yeah that's good for that. that will be in nashville. come on see me. in nashville chrysalia dot com. so to finish that advice. though come up with something. that is very very brief and very to. the point and then say nothing more when they inquire more all you. are trying to. con get across is that. yes you are a drummer. and the conversation stops there it's so annoying. to have to. do that over and over again. and then explain why. someone who looks like you would play. it's so annoying i'd love for her. to send a video of [music]. okay so what was the name zara what was this. girl's name anyway. i forgot your name i apologize. send us a video of you. doing that but for real thank you. we'll play it on the next. episode oh we gotta play. the thing on lifeline. luxury i can't wait to. watch the thing on lifeline. it's my one of my favorite. videos sharp dressed man dude okay her name. is so so yeah sami sosa so i'm in love. with this so it was that. loud so so loud that's coco who's the sosa sammy sosa going. going is white now he's [ __ ] oh yeah yeah he is does he have villages now does he have little with what the [ __ ] is how do you vitiligo okay vitology the the pearl jam vehicle mortensen vehicle. dude i'm in love with sammy sosa wow. look how white look. at him now dude. hey dude if you're like that. click the one bro anthony it is unreal. you wouldn't click the picture with the [ __ ] [ __ ] hat dude. he's got the [ __ ] had a lips. manless and he [ __ ] goes and i wouldn't click something out unbelievable dude i have a problem google. image something for everyone. to see and click on that. role he's got a [ __ ] flat top dick. tracy with a chrome hearts. matching shirt and this guy clicks. on him in a [ __ ] regular suit. with his hair this is regular hair unbelievable dude. look at him that's weird. what happened poor guy. what is that yeah but what is the thing. that he has vitiligo i don't think is it. it looks like something else because it's so like all the way. across his face i have vitiligo. what's that dude wow that's bad. huh well it's okay you know. yeah denied having it okay. maybe he doesn't have it. maybe he just has been inside. since he retired and then he came to. that premiere with the red. hat on it's he's just like this. it's time to. go out after 11 years. what the [ __ ] dude honestly i wouldn't be surprised. if that was something to. do with the steroid use right. dude i read an article at sports. illustrated ken cabinet remember him uh third. bishop for the astros yeah and the padres he was a big. it was an allstar third disease. right did he oh no. that was he was a big. alcoholic right i think he was anyway. i don't know but he's a steroid. nut like according to. him he did it more than even. anybody he knew and he was a firsthand. account of what stars do. to his body he said that. his sack balls was yeah his ball sack. was well no because it was just a sack. because his balls he did so much. storage the balls went inside his body. like he was a [ __ ] baby insider. mother's day he was hiding. him yeah hiding from the steroids. dude but they made his but his sack. was just a swinging nothing in it. fly in the wind nothing in. his sack dude okay going going go. on yeah chris berman was the best. dude a chicken but that's what he would do. i know so dumb dude. he had the best like god he would be such a how much. he would be so memed now. dude how yeah he would be how much does. he have a an extreme right. wing [ __ ] uh show. podcast on like valutainment i don't want to. be like this but i think he might be dead. i think christopher might have died. i think he's alive you're saying he's gone. yeah he yeah dude. he went back back back. on from the dead. okay [laughter] dude he's he's a king this. guy's a he was incredible. can you do a [ __ ] backpack backpack. video of him can you play. one we'll do that on on that. one we could do that. on luxury right. yeah but the thing he got mad. at someone on air we should watch that. on luxury dude. yeah remember that what was that. he got really mad doesn't he look. like a guy that gets so redfaced. he gets so red chris berman. one going going gonzalez right. that was so many good ones. dude so many good ones andre bad. moon risen oh dude. wait what's that andre rison. was a big i know that. but what is it bad. moon rising oh bad moon. yeah yeah yeah yeah oh wow. there's a bad man. like uh jamaican no no bad moon. rising yeah he was the best. okay yeah yeah hey chris hey matt. chris been a long time. fan forever true baby. i've seen you in pittsburgh. i can't wait going with my brothers. be awesome matt you're awesome. love your personality love you. two together um i have two old rows myself. so cute interactions is just. so relatable and just awesome. i love it um but i'll keep it. quick kind of so fresh out of college. i just started this job. i'm barely two months in and uh right. before i accepted the job. offer i asked if there. were any locations closer uh to. me uh that we're hiring positions. because right now that job. is an hour away so i'm driving. two hours for work every day. which is a little taxing uh they said that. there weren't any other closer. locations available so i said okay. i started the job and then two weeks. into the job they post a place. 20 minutes away from me with the exact same. job description exact same. title which kind of pissed. me off a bit so i emailed hr. yeah and was like hey can i transfer. basically and i did it professionally. i've been very professional this. entire time and they talked to. my p the two pms from each region. and the guy above. them they approve it they just said. that i have to. get a replacement uh before. a transfer which makes sense. however next week is a new employee. starting out and may i remind you. that i'm only two months. since i'm basically a new employee. as well yeah um my pm comes. up to me today and says i don't know. if he counts as your replacement. um this sucks now i'm lost. i'm so lost nothing makes sense. anymore why is he not my replacement. why can't i move um. maybe they're still figuring stuff out uh just let me. know what you think what i should do. who i should talk to. am i being crazy. for making a big deal out. of this i don't think i am at all. but let me know on his way. talk to come with big. scissors hi i'm here look. with with big cheers why is it come [ __ ] it's come with big scissors. it's like bring along big. scissors well because it's funnier. to have a sexual deviation. is it then arts. and crafts indian i guess i do just big scissors is the guy's name you know what i mean he's like yeah he's like no no he's the creative one no come with big scissors is the guy's name that yeah i get it now but yeah okay okay thinking about sex oh my god oh cutting a bush because they're outside they're always outside their indian oh okay racist when did it happen where remember when we were kids everyone was like it's native american it's not indian now american indian is right when did that happen words are nothing on acid words are nothing dude an acid they really aren't though oh no we're but they just choose language changes over time and it's easy to. look at what a word meant. then and a word what a word. meant now and think oh this. is all arbitrary [ __ ] words. are nothing that's another way. of saying it okay very quick. way of saying it okay. but it's less nuanced and specific than what i'm saying. because it doesn't matter. at all remember now you have to. say trans person up. until [ __ ] you know yeah but six years ago people just but language. said the thing that rhymes with granny but but language. evolves and also a transvestite is not what a trans person. is people said that. because yeah right words but anyway. it doesn't matter my point. is language evolves it is annoying when there's like a topdown effort to. make it change language. naturally evolves and that's just a thing that happens throughout the course of people's lives but what's frustrating and difficult is when people are like no what it's called now is this but all i'm saying is i thought indian was like a derogatory term but now it's now it's back and that's i don't know what you're supposed to. say is from what i understand. i don't know anything. dude i'm always confused. yeah yeah i don't know. i just um that's why you can't play. the game well i just wish it. was easier to. know which one is the right. way to sit because like people. are saying the wrong thing now. it's like it's hard. to even tell if it's that. i don't know oh [ __ ] here's what it. should be you say the thing. and they go you can't. say that anymore. you go like oh i didn't know you're right. because that's usually the case. yeah yeah yeah for sure. yeah because i i've been in that. situation where i say oh you can't. say that and they're like that's happened. to me it's happened to. me you're like yeah you can't. say that and i was like since when right. and they were like a few years. and i was like oh i guess. because i never say it. you know so i'm like right. right i had no idea so right. you talk about indians. actually never mind i don't want to. get in trann oh that. yeah specifically i said that. you know with like four people around. i would know not to. say it now but this was years. ago oh i see it. it was years ago. got it got it and they go. you can't say that and i was like really right. yeah you can't okay you can't. yeah but but but 10 years. ago nobody knew that is my point. correct about well six. years ago yeah and people were like you can't. say that still so hung up. i had no idea so it's fine. i've moved on such an accident. you know all right cool. we're doing more we're done you guys. have a schedule you know. yeah okay all right. well that was a good episode. a lot of laughing a lot. of loving a lot of coming. together um okay yeah we could do a lifeline luxury actually right now because i have some good stories to. tell so come on over. to lifeline luxury lifeline luxury. uh uh patreon dot com lifeline. luxury sign up baby. we love it patronize us. get over there and patronize us. we'll give you the goods. we got the goods. all you got to. do is go over there. and sign up baby. and i'll be in uh your city. chrysalia dot com yes dude. uh you want a oneonone with me. matelie dot com you want the merch go to. lifelinemerch dot com like and subscribe. to this video uh you want. to make a submission do that. uh and at the link below. and i think that's it. thank you hello hello. [music] 