 [music] runk hello. hello hello hello will hello hello yeah oh that. was going to be the biggest disaster. dude keep this in that. was really this is going. to beun almost tripped over a cycle. a a bicycle a bicycle. is i mean this. is like what that's doing. there yeah would only be there. in an episode of mr. bean well would honestly only be there. he would put it there. there's yeah i would never would you ever. put that there you know. what's funny what i thought is only he would trip. on a bike knock over. all the cameras and lights. but the truth is the reason. he would do that is cuz he'd put a bike. there huge reasons yeah that's a crazy. now now he's going to. mess up and knock everything. over while he moves it. the worst time to. move it he was so delicate. though it doesn't matter it makes it. worse i saw him. being he's moving a bicycle. go move the bicycle. already why you pausing oh he's taking documenting it. all right so he's moving it. now he just moves. and falls out the building. now now we're safe everything's safe he almost knocked over. the cameras and the lights. m because he put a bike. leaning against his desk between the desk and all the cameras and lights. between two cameras literally there's one there one there. and the light could have been bad. you guys quite done. no you and you know. what he said today wow. the submissions are going to. suck yeah he did. just to keep it nice. because we said last time. we we drilled him into. the ground because he he wasn't here. and he said that. submissions were stacked and the second one. was was the already the most forgettable one. we've ever had in the world. for a second i thought he was serious. and it made me sad. but what i didn't realize right. away was that he was doing reverse. psychology so now our expectations. are low i didn't like that. you fell for that for a second. yeah well that's too damn. bad isn't it yeah because i would do something. like that and i didn't and i felt good that. i didn't and then you fell for it. and i felt bad wait. what part did you feel good. about oh the oh that you didn't. fall for it yeah you should feel good. that i fell for it. so you're not the only kind of person. that does but i didn't though. i know but you said it's the kind of thing. you would okay but i didn't right. so i'm growing but my point. is you should feel good. that you're not alone when i see. someone do something i do frequently and i don't do it. i'm not like oh what an idiot. he did the thing i always do i'm like oh wow. that makes me feel great. and not alone me. too like breaking the concrete. with the tip of your penis. cuz it that's that happens. all the time to. me who have you seen. do that oh gosh no i've never seen. it oh so then it's not like that. but if someone were to. do it i'd be like oh i get the plight. i get the plight. right right right um i'm going. to be in nimo bc. victoria bc keep it moving. uh augusta georgia north charleston st petersburg florida. uh chattanooga tennessee. charleston west virginia uh de mo iowa. and green bay and you know. what we have the um lifeline. live show we do have the lifeline. live show in irvine may. may is it 14th yes may 14th irvine uh lifeline. live come and uh get your and and come see us. live tickets to. watch lifeline dot com tuesday may 14th irvine irvine spoiled. bretts and irvine do you think of that. every time you hear irine no but i used. toine all the time time. bragging well no but because i'm a comedian. i'm a toring comedian guess what everybody. has to go sign. up for our patreon at patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. it's on and popping we're doing more per. month now i tell you right. now it's proba the best. patreon there ever is yeah. ever has been ever is currently. is and ever will be thank you. very much go sign. up we appreciate you we love. you those who are already signed. up you're my best friends. and you know it. uh obviously subscribe to. my solo podcast the private. record got a banger of an episode out right. now dude was slanging heroin. and meth for the cartel didn't even. know it until the feds came to. his door and said hey you know what you're going. to jail for25 to life. or you'll be under cover. for us dude went under cover. for 3 years oh just [ __ ] his brains out every 6. months his sentencing was up. like he was going. to go to court. and so there was a [ __ ] sort of damocles over. his head and then they would be like you know. what we'll put you to. work for another six months. if you're willing he was like well. obviously i'm willing he didn't. have a choice oh my god craziest. stories anyway go over there subscribe to. the private record uh great episode. this week what's up. he's not i was like dude. you want to. be anonymous he's like nah. oh god uh he wanted to. be like keep a few things this. is him now in the in the lake. um anyway he's he actually wanted me to. tell you and i didn't even tell you this. he specifically off air wanted me. to tell you we're on that. you no off the show that. show i i get uh no i'm saying off air. he told me this oh. oh you should put it in the show. if it's compliment but yeah he wanted. me to tell you i saved. his life that kind of he said you got him. through some really hard. times like with your i don't know with what i wasn't listening. but he said you specifically uh no i think with your comedy. obviously your comedy and podcast. uh not your cooking. show my heroics uh uh but yeah anyway head. over there subscribe it's like it's a bangarang. of the show how interesting is it. that i saved his life. and you killed him. so that's cool damn that's funny. dude my podcast saves his life. your podcast killed him. so um that's right uh yeah well okay cheering me. on no i'm going to. drink the magic mine and i'll tell. you what wow dude. why do i hate it. when you do that i know. why i i think i know. why too why do you think i. i i feel it but do you know. why i hate it. it's too small that's right. dude it's the size of the bottle i like that. you do that though it's it's [ __ ] i'll be real if i i'll be honest if i get it in the trash. hold on mo i'll be. oh yeah you'll be honest. thank you man well i mean. we're all here you know. didn't make it it would it. would have gone in it would have gone. in i don't know about that. i don't think so yeah. that's true so i i it. is too small but it. is cool that it's small i like that. but but when you do it the way. it's hard it's hard figure out. how to do it. how toe it dainty it's not. good look doesn't look right. what i need is honestly. a mechanism where i put it in i hit a button and it goes. and just drink and i and you know. what i mean and i could just drink it. like that that's what i was. thinking that's exactly what i was thinking. so um all right so look uh i have a bad memory if you want to. be on the show go. to watch life line and submit. yourself and your question. thank you i have a bad. memory okay and here's the deal. i was like going to. tell you a story about kristen. then i go ah i'll save it. for the podcast yeah before we started yeah you were about. to tell me five minutes. before this yeah yeah not even he goes. okay we about to. start the podcast i forget. what it's about i go. [ __ ] i wanted to. tell you something and i forget. what it is about kristen. and he says what it. just happened 5 minutes. ago you remembered it and i said i know. don't remember what it's about. oh my gosh right. before he started recording right. before i remember what it's about the story is. about me forgetting. something unbelievable hey i'm piecing. out you know what i mean. what's going on with that. i don't know man you don't even. have a good reason. for that you weren't like i didn't do. hella drugs no i drink. hella coffee that's not. why is it i don't. know i mean i work out. hella hard um i'm h. tan i do hella comedy. if you want to. talk about hella stuff dude. i'm i'm all about hella stuff. i'm hella tan right. now yeah i've been outside a lot. lately why uh doing work at the house. honestly it doesn't sound like me. but it is why were you why. was i yeah cuz i wanted. to make it look. nice have it be better. also i had all this junk i got rid of a bunch of stuff. you don't seem that much. yeah maybe a little bit i'm pretty. tan yeah yeah hella tan. so like look how different look. at look at that that's a big. what is it called. the far the mic's in the way. obviously no it's not the mic's. in the way obviously for me. to see it oh well i'm not showing you. i'm showing the audience i want to. see look oh yeah so look oh yeah yeah cool. um cool you know so chris kristen. says last night look. that baby i follow is. doing well shows me her computer pre social media. such a creepy thing. shows me turns the computer around i see a baby. i mean i'm talking about like weeks. old okay just a chilling. baby just baby like this. regular baby being a baby. yeah a regular baby yeah. i go like this oh cute. uhhuh i don't baby i follow. i don't know what you baby. i follow like i but i know to. just be like oh that's great. cuz if i say what yeah. i got to listen. for you know what i mean. 25 minutes about something that i i i don't know about which means it's not interesting. to me right the update. would be about something you don't. even remember in the first place. so there's no point. in getting an update uh. so i say oh cool. and she says we sent. him something uh like a little plushy the family. and i say well that that's awesome. now in my head i'm like do we know. this baby or not well. no but i'm not i'm not getting. curiosity i'm not letting curiosity get me. okay i go goes cool. and she goes h. butting like this this is that. sweet i'm like so sweet. yeah just going now you're off. off the cliff you're flailing but i'm trying to. watch uh the the new show. that that's on right i i i put on a new show. that i i wanted to. start continental on on peacock. there's your mistake but go on. i put on the continental. on on peacock she's talking. about a baby like i know. the baby i don't know. the baby i'm trying to. watch colin woodle on don't know. any don't know any of the things. you're saying i'm trying to. watch colin wood on on peacock. i did a movie with himin wood. not a name and um so she goes like this. on the computer i'm trying. to watch continental d. kicking ass you know what i mean. like learn to choreograph [ __ ] dance shooting guns and [ __ ] you know what it is it's about a spinoff on john wick oh i do know what that is yeah okay so anyway this male model is doing spin kicks up at [ __ ] staircase and so i'm like i'm a male model um so i'm like okay cool she goes like this remember uhoh knew that was coming and i i go all right prepare to. be [ __ ] right okay so she she i say remember about the baby. and she says the baby. remember the baby was doing. like really bad like they it was all like hooked up. to like tubes and stuff. and uh this family was trying. to revive it and then we we ended up donating and sending uh plush the plushy. as as a family and i say oh she say yeah. remember and i go mhm. no mhm and she says on valentine's day. remember for valentine's day we had that. discussion where me. you and cal and cal and i said because some kids. you know they they're they're not they're not healthy. so we want to. help and we can do this. we had a whole conversation. with cal and i go uhuh. mhm and she says you really. don't remember this and i and i really don't dude. yeah and i said babe. the amount of things. that you show me uhhuh. that are of either people dying. or sick or hurt. you know what i mean. war i don't want to. know those things ever she's into. war what oh yeah i know. she's in a past yeah but she'll be like well. china and russia did the thing. and you're like oh oh okay i don't want to. know that i'm trying to. watch a [ __ ] continental. yeah you'd rather watch the continental. i'd rather watch the continental. than know maybe the world's going. to end in 6 months. why do i want to. know that for if it's gonna end. it's gonna end what am i. goingon to do well that's true. sure right so but she's always like putin and i'm like i don't want to. you know so now she's told me. a baby's dying dude. i i know what i did. i know what i did. what do you mean. what you did when when she told me. the thing of valentine's day. i know what i did. i go like this sh yeah and block it. out yeah of course yeah yeah do you don't so you think even if she asked in five minutes do you remember what i said you'd be like no or you so it's not that it gets in your mind goes away. for after a little while it's that. it never enters in the first. place i i don't that did not enter right. okay so so but that's alarming. because she said we had a whole. conversation about it and i just that which means i just looked. at her and went like this. yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly what but i'm thinking. of what that probably means yeah is that. you are relatively good. at at seeming like you're engaging. enough while not at all engaging. and that's exactly where we're at and that's and that's that's honestly. one of the nicest things everone anyone. ever said yeah it's a skill. you've accumulated over time. how to how to. sort of generally do that. with people that's so cool okay well i wouldn't say it's so cool. but that's really really really cool no i'm going. to go with no on that. but that's cool that you like it. you know you know what happened. the opposite happened the other day. yesterday i was at a zoom. zoom therapy with the group. bunch of men in my men's. group and one of the uh uh no and the doctor said hey uh chris. where are you right. now what are you doing. cuz i was just listening and i said oh i'm just listening she's. like oh you haven't said anything in a bit and i was like oh no. i was just listening and i was listening. so on the opposite there's that so oh oh you mean. you're capable of listening yeah but when i when it seems when i'm listening. it seems like i'm not and when i'm not it. seems like i am which is. what i'm saying which is crazy. do you know what i'm saying. yeah kristen thought i was listening. i wasn't my doctor thought i wasn't listening. and i was right. right right and so i'm like this is good. to you or tr johnny. doesn't know his face that's you're johnny. doesn't know his face yeah. yeah i'm definitely johnny. doesn't know his face either. everyone's always like why are you so mad. atad yeah what i'm just sitting you're hidic. i'm just a hi i'm just a hidic. jew all right getting demonetized for that. so all right let's go. let's do a iic is just a yeah. say that you know you can say. htic we could also say jew. yeah but a htic jew is a specific kind of jew. i know okay i'm joking we're good. i'm just saying we talk about something. that's pound it out. we talk about i didn't. want to pound it. out i know you did but you did i knew you didn't want to. and then you did anyway. peer pressure yeah hey guys tattoo girl episode. 100 uh i wanted to. pop in here and tell you that. i just loved getting advice from dr. drew and all you guys. it was hilarious trying to. watch you figure out. what my tattooo said and to. my point that is why i wanted to. like get it removed or do. something about it so um quick backstory the tattoo i'm just still. laughing at it uh the tattoo says in ben which translates to. find your strength or strength. will find you in latin um i got the tattoo actually because i was working. out like crazy and i was working on my deadlifts got to. two i was super excited about it. wanted to do something crazy. and i went and got a tattooed so that's the story uh working on. a solution for it. i'll i'll let you know what happens. bye guys here's the problem. that that's sorry that's actually a decent. quote usually quotes. people put on their bodies. are i mean yeah but it's latin i don't like that. but um just saying uh the thing about that. is if you get a tattoo because of something you do working. out and then like what if you become a fat piece of [ __ ] [ __ ] later memories just be like i was buff once oh that's just a reminder of oh i'm not what i was sure yeah so i don't you know i don't i don't think that i wouldn't do that but that's cool that she did that also she wants to. get it covered up. or not right let's talk. about this why hijacking it. she says she's figuring out what. she wants to. do with it yeah yeah okay why if you like if your language. is english and you like something. someone said who is yeah. who knows what language they speak. or wrote in in their time why. don't you get it. in english i i i know. why is it is it. so people ask no well no i don't think it's enough. for me i didn't do. it but if i would do it because have you ever. read a book that was translated and then somebody's like yeah it's too bad you didn't read. the german version because it's not it's hard. to trans and i hate that. and i hate that i hate when people say. that it's it's true. but it's like i don't hey i don't speak or read. german so i can't read the original. nich passage you know what i mean. like lear why would you even. ask learn german hey learn german. they say like that that's how they do. they i i want to. you get like what is that. live love laugh you know. yeah mishima wrote that right. yeah who um oh my god stuttering. so hard uh mah. mishima the guy that uh the famous. japanese writer who committed. harakiri um he committed that. pretty good he committed harry ky. the the sports exactly yeah the sports. uh yeah yeah um that's crazy. there's a guy named harry ky. and harry ky is. what you do if you hariri. yeah har har krishna harer. yes and we're being racist. so um no you're being racist. just sclear that up you said it. was harry k um all right. so yeah uh don't get the i agree. with you if you're going to. get something if you like a beautiful. phrase quote so what did i say if you like a beautiful phrase you get a beautiful phrase in the language. you have get it in the language. you know and the and the one that most people around. you are familiar with otherwise it's everyone's going. to be like what does that. mean what does that mean. what does that mean. how [ __ ] annoying is that maybe that's what they want. though i don't know but people say. they're about tattoos anyway what what does. that mean sure yes that's true. i have grower die. on me people like what is that. they know because it's my spal and i'm famous. but it's like got it. no they why'd you get that. why'd you get the snake. why'd you get this. why'd you get that oh. what's that mean but and i go. like this you know. whatever just chill let me. let me just be me. okay my body's a journal. okay my body's a temple my body's. a journal land uh all. right next one my body is a journal. land the worst song of all. time oh my god oh my god story time. story time oh chris fat you're here. this is great how are you his dog. since i've got you here um i'm looking for some advice. my wife and i are about. to have our first child. cute and i have to. say the only thing i am not looking forward. to is the unsolicited parenting. advice i just i'm not looking forward. to it uh i really need some help. i i need to. know how to respond. because i don't want to. be rude but i really want them. to know that what he's wearing hilarious. i just don't care i don't. want to know what you have. to say i don't want to. know about vaccines or red 40. you know it's coming from my parents. or my sisters or my inlaws that's. different but if it's like you know a friend. from high school i don't want. to hear about it. right thank you very much. for uh stopping by you know and uh remember oh taking a suet all time. with that's good though stop the video. yeah that's what he does. that's pretty actually i'll be. honest um all right um so i think you know like anything else it's probably. one of those things you just you're never going. to not get it. you're never going to. not have it come at you. all you can do is. make sure it's expedited as much as possible. as often as possible. get them to the end. of their advice as quickly. as possible you're never going. to get them to. stop period just say i've already done that when they say oh you know what you should do and then they say i've already done that yeah i'm way way. ahead of you yeah before they even say. no matter what it is. no no have them say say. i've already done that even if the kid. is 2 weeks and be like to. get them to sleep. better i've already done that. but what about this though. sa for colge this. is the one that everybody. does right get ready. for you know hope you i hope. you're you don't need a lot. of sleep did you say this. recently to. me i think so yeah. yeah i yeah you ha. i hope you don't get a lot. of sleep i hope i hope. you're used to not getting. a lot of sleep. uh and what's the other one. i have i hope you don't get a lot. of sleep is what you said. which is so rude yeah i hope you don't get a lot. l of sleep see you it's just yeah. why don't people know the things. that are annoying like uh people before. they do it why. aren't other parents like oh wait i was going. to give advice but hey i know. how annoying that is hold. on a second i'm about to. be a jackass yes why why don't people do that. more um because they're not selfaware or is. it i i actually am asking. do they do they think yeah that's annoying. but not when i do it. or do they not even. yeah they yeah they're being delusional they think that they're not. doing it but they do they they i think well it. could be a lot. of different things but one of the things. is they're not selfaware i mean. you know there's so many people that say working. hard or hardly working and they think they they just they're not. thinking about it they just think that oh it's funny. to do that thing and they're not. being selfaware but then there's also the people that think they're doing it. but they're doing it in a different. way they're doing it that's that. that's maybe more annoying when i do it. it's funny or whatever. when i do it it's i don't mean. it like that you know. the latter version the thing. you just said bo bothers. me more yeah cuz people who are like h. i know everyone's like this but i'm not right. like whoa well i i did. i do it my own. way i put my own. spin on it right right. right you know and it's like you think you put your own. spin on it you don't you don't do. that yeah i'm gna put my own. spin on this hey you know what you should do. with your kid you this. and that that that you didn't put your own. spin on it you did give parenting. advice and that's annoying as [ __ ] right do you trim. your mustache like wow dude. the transition do you trim. it it's so perfectly. straight which do you trim. your mustache oh like so it's not over. my lips yes that's great. you do a great. job thanks man it's not it's not it's not perfect looking like too much. oh it's great and that's what you thought. of man i what were you. insecure when i said it. was perfect no okay so i didn't even. no i took it as a nice. thing is a nice thing. yeah yeah i hate the way. it feels on my lip yeah. i get that too and i also don't like the way. it looks it's like what. it's kind of disgusting. yeah not disgusting it's the one. true like mountain thing with a beard. that i'm like you can't have that. if you're just like a guy in la right. you can have a long. beard you can't have it. over your mouth that's like what. are you doing you have access to. things that are sharp to. trim that do that robot. what is your malfunction you have access to. things that are sharp yeah. um yeah okay well i think you said. you were going to. cut your hair you didn't do. it no i didn't and i keep thinking about it. wellow well at least you're at least you're there. at least you're not thinking about it. how about how much it. sucks i think this is universal. you you think about a thing. you need to. do you just doing it. would make you stop thinking about it. and thus stop dreading it. yeah and yet so many. of us myself ab absolutely. included put it off instead and then therefore they're dreading. it more way more than they have. to be why don't don't i just do the thing. and i'm aware of this. and i'm still not doing the thing. i'm thinking of at least three things. like this right now. about myself i have some but do you know. do you know you're not taking into. account how strong. don't wana is don't. wana is so strong. talking about yeah i know. that i'm not taking into. account but i'm aware of that. yeah but it's just that don't wantana. is so strong it's so strong. and we are all babies when we think it. don't want i don't want to. dude there's [ __ ] uh a bag on my uh island that should be taken. out i i left the house. four times i didn't take it. no why don't want to. and i don't even care. but i know my wife does. so i'm like i got to. do that and that makes you care. though right that makes me care but that that that prov and then and then there we have the dread. there we have the dread. prov if you just didn't care. it wouldn't matter no no no but i do. but right i do but i wouldn't if i didn't have my wife. so don't want to. mhm it's really don't want to. is so strong it honestly. what the [ __ ] but don't want to. is it i guess it is stronger. even than the dread the. thing about it is. here's the thing the dread. lasts so long that don't want to. you can you can experience the don't want. to for very short period. of time what's what's something. what's something everyone's dreading. going to take how long is. it going to take you three. hours maximum that's nothing the dread. you're feeling it for days. and days and days sometimes yeah get rid of taxes is the most that this. dallas taxes dallas taxes yeah. um dollars taxes dollars taxes like what. was that it was uh gr mark. said it dollars taxes all right. uh thing yeah hey matt. hey chris i have a question. for you guys about movies. in ottawa we have a small. movie theater that plays indie movies and my wife. loves to go see the the terrible. movies like the room or tommy wo's newest. one big shark or army. of darkness more so i need your help. uh how do i appreciate these. movies i i go with her and i just can't stand. them can what perspective do i need. to appreciate these movies. if you guys are ever in ottawa. and want to. catch one i'll buy the ticket. and the popcorn we'll leave. it that yeah help me. appreciate these movies. thanks that's that's a great. god that is a good question. honestly okay so here's a thing. too about that is i can't. wrap my head around how there are genuinely people who just don't like bad. [ __ ] i know and i and i don't i don't i don't get it. kristen doesn't a lot of people. don't i think i actually think women. typically don't their couple is. a bit atypical usually it's the guy. who us yeah women. like what are you watching. this [ __ ] are you kidding. me waste of time. yeah but it's so arguably i mean. it's not as good as watching. something really great but it's depending upon. your mood it certainly can be yes. depending on your mood yeah but it's right. under it yeah i mean you know. i watched zone of interest. i don't know if you saw zone. of interest well we've talked about it. on the podcast for way. too long it was fantastic. i liked the experience much. more than if i just watched. some eric roberts movie from 1994. except for if i'm in a silly. mood i want to. watch the eric roberts thing. in 1990 where he's trying. to get a briefcase. right so many eric. robert roberts movies are about him trying to. get a briefcase just in 1994. you could the end of that. sentence with almost any phrase. so so my point. is it's foreign to. me when somebody can't i guess it i guess you'd say for lack of a better. term it's a guilty pleasure. right i hate that i do. too but because people use it. wrong cuz that's what a guil pleasure. a guilty pleasure. is not friends no you know. what i mean i mean. it certainly could be anything. could be but a guilty pleasure. could be i a certain kind of ice. cream or food right. but anyway go ahead. uh well yeah like i said it's a true. great question and i think sometimes. i think why do i like this. so much what cuz i automatically love it. so it's i don't just like it. i love it yeah i don't it's like unexamined. automatic i don't have to. think about why i love it. i just do but when i do think about why. i love it oh i think i know. why i think one. of the reasons is the people making it or here. think of it this way. if you sense a filmmaker. or team of filmmakers or whoever just even just an actor is. trying to be bad it. is is instantly uninteresting yes when it is bad. the only reason it's enjoyable is because the people making it we're trying to. make it well great point. and to that is there. in lies my enjoyment of it. right but i will also say it's not like a a mockery. thing for me i'm not like these [ __ ] idiots we're trying and it sucks. is not i agree with. you i appreciate there's like an art. in trying to make something. truly trying to. make something great or poetic. or meaningful whatever and happening. to fail but kind of achieving. a similar thing unintentionally. in a different way yeah. and that is the the when we're talking about the best. of the best bad stuff that's why. i love it the most it's this. it's the same thing really as a guy. being like i'm going go hit. on this chick and he's so bad. at it similar and you're like oh my god. yeah he thought it was going. to be one way and it wasn't and that's so funny. yeah because he like you know. you know what i'm saying similar. yeah it's that's different. because you you like to. see a cocky [ __ ] fail no. but i don't even mean. a cocky [ __ ] okay if it wasn't a cocky [ __ ] we'd still like to. see it and it wouldn't be like [ __ ] that guy it. would just be like you know. what i'm saying i get what you're saying. it's it's not yeah so it is the same. thing i mean that a cocky. [ __ ] failing is is a different. thing that's not what i'm talking. about just it's the same. thing as seeing somebody trip. and fall really it's like they didn't mean. to they didn't want to. and they go and you think oh [ __ ] i've been there you know but um yeah i don't know i i i mean. i watch movies all last night. i would turn something on and chris's like what. are you watching i mean. i i couldn't i couldn't honestly. so so much of my total happiness. when i think about like the amount of things. that bring me joy. [ __ ] like this in this realm. not necessarily all just bad movies. but like all different kinds of it. like it it to. it adds up to. so much of what brings me. joy throughout the course of at night i almost always want to. watch something like but here's the other thing. too is um sometimes. we like it because we're funny. and we watch it like mystery. science theater and we're like we can. see the funniness in it. even if nobody's with us. we think of the jokes. that we'd make you know. what i mean so it's entertaining for. us if you're not if you're not a funny. person i could imagine that. that's not fun to. do by your i'll watch by myself. these i do too you. to do right. yeah but like to. watch this [ __ ] by yourself and not have that i want to. make fun of this. bone yeah is i could i could understand that but but that coupled. with the wow they're trying. to do this thing and it's not. good and you know it. it's it's great sometimes and it's rare. it is rare but it does happen. where there's something that is so a certain kind of bad. in a certain kind of way. sometimes it's like a time. capsule sometimes like within the context. of the period it. came out that it swings. so far that it comes back. around and it is its own. kind of actual masterpiece kind of thing. agree where it's like these people. didn't mean to do. this but they like stepped in [ __ ] you know what i mean. and like it just came out. perfect yeah i find that. um there's really a fine. line between i mean look if you think of like david lynch's. stuff uhhuh you know or somebody really specific you could almost watch it. two different ways you could watch it. i mean look david lyn. is my favorite so you can watch it. be like this is an unbelievable. artist masterpiece guy doing his [ __ ] or you can be like what the [ __ ] is this guy doing the camera's been on this person for [ __ ] three minutes you know and it's like it's both depending on how you watch it right there's some david l. [ __ ] let's talk about that during luxury. cuz there's some specific [ __ ] i want to. talk about that but too far. in the weeds that's generally. the answer to. your question though that's a great. question i love that. question i love ottawa now. because you're from there. ottawa's great dude no i'. never been there yeah was great. that had the most like like smooth. comforting deep voice that guy yeah yeah yeah great. voice yeah ottawa is good. because uh the market's. really good people a lot. of people come out to. comedy for ottawa ate. it just ate a nice burger. motorcycle next one this is a lot. so i'm much try and compact this. is much as i can um but basically me. and my girlfriend have been together. for about 3 months. now um her ex uh after not texting. her for months randomly dm'd. her on in or no. randomly added her on snapchat. like three weeks ago. okay um he was wanted. to talk to. her about some situation that happened. between her that happened. between her friend and her ex. um and he wanted to. talk to her about it. so she told me. she's like i will just see what. he wants and then unad him. because that made me kind of uncomfortable. m um she was on facetime. with me last night she called. me on her ipad so she still had her. phone in her hand and she goes i'm just going to. text my friend right now. her friend's a girl that she told me. she's like i'm texting my friend. uh we got into. some big fight at school. and we're talking about it. i see her on her phone. in the corner of her phone. and i saw the name she was texting. her ex on snapchat so i confronted her. i'm like you know you said you were going. to unad him and you said you were texting. your friend about a fight what was that. all about she goes yeah. i know i added him back. four or five days ago. and i'm like she did that. behind my back and she's like i know i'm sorry. i'm really sorry i just didn't want. you to freak out. that i was texting him. and so i i thought about it. and i said to. her i was like you know. what i don't feel comfortable. i'm the guy i'm the number one. guy in your life and if i don't feel comfortable. i feel like you should you. know do something about that. i want you to. unad him or we're not. going to be together. and it stressed her out. and she started freaking out. um she she just basically started. freaking out and um yeah she didn't want. to do it at first. but then eventually ended up getting her to. do it after saying it a few. more times she un added him. and she gave me her. snapchat account but then she told me. she would was like i was talking to. my friend about it and for the past. few days i just i don't know. what i want like i still have him. in the back of my mind. oh even though we're dating. i still have him in the back. of my mind and he just it's uncontrollable. i can't get him out. of my head i love you. with all my heart but it's just in my head. he's just ever so slightly there. and she's like i'm going. to try and get over. him just for you and i and you know. i'm not going to. talk to him. or anything i've gotten over. him before but i'm going. to try and get over. him just for you and it's like i don't know. do you guys think that i should give her you know. some time to. try and get over this guy and see if i can even see if even i can. get over this situation because i'm somebody that. overthinks a lot should i give her. some time to. try and get over her ex. um even though she's in a relationship. with me or should i just break up. with her you guys are young. well put yeah you actually handled. that all that potentially very confusing. information pretty well the way he explained. that uh i'm not confused. you guys are young. so i don't know man. it sounds like she's speaking. of overthinking it sounds like she might be overthinking. just because her ex it's pretty recent. that they broke up just cuz she's like sometimes. thinking about him doesn't mean. that she's not ready for a different. relationship this stuff gets messy. very very messy and sometimes. you have an ex in your mind. because of not even just because you miss. them because the way they treated you because the way. you treated them. or there's some trauma there in your mind. about what didn't go the way. it should have gone and you have regrets like it. doesn't mean that she misses that guy. necessarily it could but if she's not saying that's the case. honestly it sounds like she's being crazy. honest with you about it. and i would for one appreciate ju. at least just that obviously she lied. about the snapchat thing. and and i get that too i'm not. trying to defend her like fully but but there's something. to be said for what. she's saying coming back and being like look i don't know what's going. on i love you but he's in the back. of my mind a little bit and i want. to get over him. like if she's saying all of that. and it seems genuine i don't know. i wouldn't advise just being like no. get her out of your life. like this like i said these things get messy. and sometimes we as adults. which you are either now or going. to be soon you got to. deal with that [ __ ] yeah i think that it's just um it's kind of out. of your hands you said i don't want. you to be talking to. them and she did and then she you found out. they were and then she had admitted it. and then she admitted more which was honest. of her and yeah that's cool. for her to tell you that. stuff um definitely you know. i think that you seem like you want. an answer right now and i don't think it's going. to be revealed to. you yet but you can just um you can just really. see where she's at you know. you have your stuff where it's like. look i don't want you. to be in contact with them if that's going. to make you feel a certain type of way. way or want to. get in contact with him or that. you're not over him then then you have a decision. to make because it's like you know i can't if if you don't want. to be with somebody who's talking to. their ex then then you don't want to. be with that person i sorry. no go ahead i was going. to say i think she agreed. to stop talking to her. yeah she did she did. but but there's one you know there there's okay i'll stop talking to. him or all right. if you want me to. i'll stop talking to him. right and then that's not right. because she's not doing it. because she thinks it's the better. idea she's doing it because she thinks she has to. it's sounds though like that. she actually really does. want to get over this. guy well that's true that's what i appreciate. about what she's saying yeah. and here's the other thing. too is like why. did they break up and when did. they break up right. if it was two years. ago it's much different. than if it was four. months ago totally and did he break. up with her did she break. up with him did is it. a thing did they move. away did they you know. um i i think i think this is the main thing. you're 3 months into. the relationship who knows what's going. to happen take it easy. take the foot off the gas a little bit. yeah it'll be figured out. and and and the right thing will happen. well it the right decision. will reveal itself to. you but the right thing will happen. i mean it's it's like with yeah. sure yeah you know. it's like you're not going to. make a a catastrophic mistake. you not say you say you you do something. that pushes her away. you didn't lose the one. like it's you know it's it. may feel that way but it's just this. is just the way it's supposed. to happen and it'll be it'll be okay. i would say she gave you he mentioned. he gave she gave him. her snapchat i don't have snapchat. never did but i think that. that is a bad idea. we don't want our partners login. information on their social media. what we want is to. trust our partners yeah so 3. months in if you already don't trust. her so much you need her. true that above all else i would say. is a sign that maybe you know. get rid of that and then also also mark that. down and then maybe ending the relationship. is best you can give her. the option of messing up. or not you can say hey okay i didn't like i don't like you talking i don't want you. to talk to. him don't talk to. him and then if you are confronted. with the information that they are. talking again then you have a decision. to make or dude. it's okay if she's not over. her ex and she's with you yes. that'll all even out. you you you don't have to. worry about oh she needs. to be over her i need to. be the only man three months. in yeah in two years. if you're still together it's a whole. different story and you in two years. if you're still together you. will be the only one i mean. 3 months and two years. a big gap but like you got to. give people a grace period. yeah you know i'. i've often uh gotten with somebody. and and that helped me. get over my final hump of getting. over over something right that. actually that's a great point. yeah sometimes the only reason. your x is still in your mind. is because it's been a minute. since you've been with anyone. else and that intimacy still lingers in your mind. because it's the most recent person. you were intimate with uh anytime i've not been able to. get over an ex and wondering what's wrong. with me why can't i get this. person on my head. then someone else comes along. mh boot scoots that ex. out of my mind and now all there is is the new person. doesn't always happen like that. but it can and sometimes it. takes a little longer. in this case for her. it might be taking a little longer. i don't know boots scoots yeah. i never heard that is that thing. boot scoot it's boot scooting something. i don't know it's some like country. thing yeah which i am. i'm very country uh all right. you are thanks for the submission. that was a good one. all right cool got some good. ones today huh. i heard they were going. to be horrible. hi guys my name is taylor. from pal beach my husband travis has been on the show. a couple of times we're big fans. um my question is in regards to. your why i am almost 37. weeks pregnant with my second and i keep getting comments mostly from men or from women. that have not had kids. yet about how like large. my belly is and when's. the due date and oh my gosh. are they coming today and um it actually makes in a situation where you're already. a little bit on edge. and not sleeping great worse. and so i guess i'm wondering i'm sure you all super supportive. of your wives but did you. know not to say anything. would you know now like don't say anything. to a pregnant woman. um yeah what are your thoughts. she put this same video. in golden hour and we we asked. no wonder she said wives. i know am i married. yeah oh my god i'm married. yeah congratulations thanks man um no but she did say. matt and chris in the beginning i think so she did too. she running him down saying whatever. but anyway uh you speak to. this but all i want to. say up front and out. of the way is i think a rule is. never say [ __ ] about a pregnant. woman's body unless that pregnant. woman asks and then be [ __ ] careful. hello do you think i'm pregnant. like what the [ __ ] are these people doing just being like it's i me sometimes it's very obvious. someone's pregnant i don't mean pretend she's not pregnant i mean don't comment on her body no pregnant women are in here that's for sure like especially if if it's not something you know extremely well like shut the [ __ ] up about body she aware constantly of her [ __ ] body right now she's pregnant 37 weeks pregnant good point good point don't bring it up she's already thinking about it there is a what about if a woman is like really pregnant there's somebody like i saw like there all of a sudden somebody at my gym is like super pregnant and i'm like oh they're definitely pregnant m what if i see them and we start talking because i i i know i know her i i you have to. reference it right oh yeah. no i don't talk about her. body you don't comment specifically on her. body so you can be like if you're if you know. someone and you notice they're pregnant. and you haven't talked about it. at all you don't want to. be like oh you know give us an example. what should you do hey so um i have two. kids congratulations that's it oh okay that's all you got to. say oh okay if it's that you know congratulations. how far long are you. my go congratulations how far exting yeah i mean. copying me wholesale oh copy me. wholesale copy me wholesale uh okay see i see i get it. oh dude i just thought of something. else for lifeline luxury. yes dude okay wholesale anthony. write that down write down. that word wholesale i'll remember he just writes h o. l e s a i [laughter]. l that's the kind of dummy he is dude. damn really funny joke. dude good job yeah. put a w nice and not not not not though. nice job on the w basketb playing you. know you know what i'm saying. you do the joke. you know yeah i you do it. in your head i did. it in my head um do another one. do it okay yo that's a [ __ ] beer my name is ollie. and i'll try and keep this. real brief because i've just gone. to the gym and realized i need to. do a poo so i need to. get this done and finished and and head. back home to the toilet. uh first of all actually i live on an island. uh kang island out of south. australia and we've got about 5,000 people. here and my wife said that. the other day uh this couple. walked into the kiosk. that she works at and the chick. was wearing a life rs withy. so that's pretty freaking awesome. on in such a remote and uh small. uh low population of an area. um so well done man. it's uh yeah you changing. the world in some some awesome. ways w and you're godamn right. now yes my question for both. of you what advice would each of you. give to your 25y old selves i'm 25. myself i would love to. hear what you would have. to say to. yourself at my age wow. dude and also when are you coming. back to australia adelaide anywhere. in australia we really really want you back. thank you so much. guys huge love 25yearold self. oh man dude uh well i mean. i would have i would have very specific. yeah yours would be different than mine. mine would be very specific. tailored for me but i think generally yeah well cuz you know it is weird. because if you're if you're asking that. question i guess you are asking. for something somewhat general because yeah well you have to. be you know because well you know. for me it would be like hey make sure that you don't. snowball out of control with your whole. sex addiction yeah that would be but that you can't. right advice for you right. right right but you can't say that. for everyone no you can't. i don't think it would apply. to him either right. uh but uh i for yeah. mine would be pretty vague honestly. so this might apply. to him i don't know. he's he's on an island. with only 5,000 people it's a very different. life you're leading than i was. when i was 25. but i think the best. i would have enjoyed the last. many years of my life. if i instead of being so like it's not that. specifically i'm hard on myself. it's that uh i've i've always been in a in a hurry. to do things and when i'm not at the place. i want to. be i i won't let myself be happy. it's not that i'm thinking i. got to punish. myself for not being where i want. to be in life. but it's you're i'm thinking i'm not where i want. to be in life. and i can't forget that. because if i forget that then i'll get lazy. and not get to. where i want to. be in life that has been the source. of diminished enjoyment of my life. as i've experienced it more. than anything else and if i could go back. to myself when i'm 25. i would tell myself hey chill out. you're going to work hard. anyway you don't have to. also be hard on yourself. based on the results that you're either. getting or not getting enjoy your [ __ ] life because you only get to. be whatever age you are. for one year then it's onto. the next year and then the next and the next and next next. you [ __ ] know you're way [ __ ] older and you've been spending way too much. time being hard on yourself. stop doing that is what i would tell myself. at the age of 25. if i could go back in time. but i can't i can't do that. yet i can't yet. go back in time i've almost perfected spinning out. of control um was so good. up until you're spinning out of control. um i there was something that you said. to me once when i was 24. and i it stuck with me. and i and i think about it. all the time and it has genuinely helped my life. you forget we'll leave it. at that um and uh you said i was i was i wanted. to make a name for myself. i wanted to make you know. i couldn't get a job acting i was trying. to you know starting stand up. and i was like what the [ __ ] and you said you want this so bad you're going to. look back on this. time as the good times and i remember thinking you. might be right about that. what if you are right. about that yeah you know. what that's true so i'm going. to live like it's the good. times now and i i kept that. in mind and i i'm 44. now and i still think about it. you know and and i sure enough. back then when i asked you. that question remember that fondly. yeah dude and you know. i try to. keep that in mind as a reassurance of how that works. because you know my kid. my kids are four. and one and i think i want them. to get in a good school. i want them to. this i want them i want i want them. to have enough money to. do this i want to. be able to. take a trip should we all do this. but this is the time. that it is and this is the time. that is the time in 10. years i'm going to. look back on and be like wow that. was amazing so why not just let it be amazing. 100% which is kind of along. the lines of what you're saying. absolutely right um and um and it's just it's so true. and it's so important and i'm really glad. that you told me that. because if you didn't tell me that. dude i don't think i would know that. i think i would know that. but i don't think i would like have it. formed you know it's like every now and then people say something that you carry. with you and that was one. of those things oh that's cool. i interestingly i think about that. kind of thing not i i don't remember. saying that but it makes sense. that i did because i i think about that. more now than ever because you know. you start to hit middle. age and and these things are in your mind. way more than they are. when you're young when you're young you're just like i want to. get to life i want. to be successful i want. to do this and do that. and do that and do that you're not like really. in reflection mode yet. yeah but i think about how much time. we waste reflection mode as an eightyearold. how much time we waste like thinking about what's coming. what's coming what it's going. to be like how worrying stressing instead. of just enjoying what's right. in front of you. right then yeah and well you're it's not that. you're going to regret. it later yeah it's that you're missing. the space and time. to enjoy what's in front of you. right now and that really applies when you're 25. dude that is the time. to enjoy your life. well i i remember i was because i took calvin. to tball yesterday and like you know. there's people there with dads. that are like you know. the their son swinging the bat and they're like all right. well you know you're going. to work on a little more it's like they're trying. to get them to. be a good hitter. mh and it's almost like when my son's a good. hitter then we'll be happy. and it's like yeah this is so much. fun it's about this. process it's about me. try it's about me and my son. connecting and trying and swinging you know tot and and and i think that if you lose. sight of that uh you miss a lot. of the fun and enjoyment. in life yeah no that's a good. point and that's as serious as i'm ever going to. be all right well then let's do one. more before we get too. serious here hey guys my name is delany i'm super. big fan of both. of you guys chris been able. to see you a few. times would love to. see y'all do a lifeline. on the road if yall ever. feel like coming down to. the south um today i need advice. on how to. pivot out of the uncomfortable conversation where people think that just because you're small um it's okay to. comment on your weight. for context few years ago. got pretty sick um. lost a substantial amount of weight. um and since then it's just been a common. theme of people thinking it's okay. to say things like oh my god um eat a burger. do you ever eat anything. asking me if i'm anorexic um had a lady. come into my job. look at me and say oh my god. you're skin and bones. like what do you do. to stay so skinny. wow she hates and i just looked at her. and i was like you know it's a it's a medical. thing but make apprciate it um and she said well whatever. medical thing you have sign. me up cuz i want to. look like that say that. i have to look at her. and be like lady i don't think want a brain. tumor but oh my god brain. tumor um and i get the whole ask uncomfortable. questions get uncomfortable answers but that makes me just as uncomfortable. as i'm trying to. make them because i don't feel like i should have. to explain my medical. history to somebody to. make them understand that that's not. a question you [ __ ] ask um so any advice on how to. pivot out of that conversation without doing that would be super helpful. so thanks guys we've talked about this. but we've never talked about we've talked about how [ __ ] up. and shitty it is but we've never talked about what to. do well pe yeah because it's so annoying. when people say we we've talked about this before. it's like you can't say to. a fat person like yo put down the fork. right but you you know. i i i was ra thin. when i was growing. up hard to believe because of [ __ ] i still am rail. thin you're you're you're pretty thin but but my shoulders. is the main focus here and when my shoulders are just [ __ ] they're crazy. dude you got to. put your sunglasses on put a my shoulder. i got shoulders for days. put a week on it. dude i got shoulders for days. put a month on it. does that even apply. i mean it's just like it's like this. that expression uh if you started look. more blind right now. the way you if you started a trip. bear grills would have a tough time. getting from here to. here is what i'm saying. i can't be bear grills is bear. grills his name but that's besides that. is true crazy his name. is bear grills that'd be my like if my name was funny. [laughter] comic laugh jokers hey. welcome to stage laugh jokers all. right all right all right. bear grills what do you yeah. it's crazy it's [ __ ] nuts dude. bear grills all right so what do you do. what what should you know. i never thought about it. what she was saying i never thought. about it in the way. at as it makes you uncomfortable. too right because i don't feel that. way when somebody does something to. me i go like okay. you made your bed here. we go i don't i i twist. it in my head you don't you're saying. it doesn't make you feel. uncomfortable oh really yeah i go. like this all right. fatty you know what i mean. that's [ __ ] why cuz you why so you can beat him. fat saddle bags like [laughter]. [ __ ] ace ventura dude. well i'm going off on my own. here huh dude speaking. of movies that there's a sequence i recently. watched mr mom i was telling you. about dude there's a part in mr. mom where michael ke it's. the best part of the movie where michael keaton and his wife. terry gar arguing she's. at work all day. he's stuck with the kids. he's getting he's getting overweight he's letting himself. go and she's getting mad at him. like typical husband does like you're really letting yourself. go honey and they're having this big fight. in the bedroom and he's he's getting his stuff. going to storm out the door. and she's like where are you. going yeah and he goes i'm going. to go sleep on the fat. couch oh dude it's so funny. hilarious so funny like it's what people say. when they're mad but don't make sense. yeah yeah yeah they left. that in honestly i know. so good that's funny. that's so something that a producer. would be like i don't know. if it makes sense but they're think yeah oh michael heaton's the best. all right so yeah those movies of his in the ' 80s. were so good yeah i know. he had it he had gungho mr. mom yeah so that's not for this. i you know i don't i i i think that it's just one. of those things that people are just going. to be [ __ ] they don't know they're being rude. if you want to. be what do you do. though the the the greatest kind of person. if you have the like the i don't even know. what you say the substance. and patience the wherewithal to. do this i i suggest you do it. look them in the eye. and say why exactly do you. think it's okay to. talk like this about my weight. yeah but that'll make her crazy. uncomfortable i know but maybe you maybe the thing for her. to get through the dis. the only way to. get over the discomfort is. to go through the discomfort. for her right it's like you know. if you're going through hell keep going. yeah it's like you if if you're going to. scir and squirm and scorm until. it's over maybe the only way. is through it and just look at look at them. in the face and say why. do you think it's okay. i want to. know why do you think it's okay. i mean you know i want to. know [ __ ] a few good men yeah. make a whole meal. out of the monologue make it a big. dramatic thing but seriously though. i also if you do that. next time it happens. submit again and tell me how it went cuz i sometimes. be c i'd be curious you know what i'm going. to do it too we'll both. report back next time somebody i'm going. to be on the lookout. for it you know just you think i'm skinny. what you what you think i'm you. want say something to. me what nobody said anything. uh just in churches you don't. you're not even religious what. what across the pew. um yeah i i uh i think it's crazy. but mostly people do that. because they're not happy with themselves. i would think like whoa. whoa whoa skinny mini over. here and it's like yeah. you put down the [ __ ] sub the worst though. you're right is when they get when people are like they think they're beating you to. the like yeah i'm saying it. cuz i'm bitter thing the thing. she actually mentioned it oh if that's the kind of sickness. tell me what kind of sickness. that is i want to. get that too cuz i'm like it's like the wor. thing you it's like they think it. absolves them by being like well i can say. it cuz i am overweight. and it's like it's like no no. no i wouldn't do it. to you though nor should i do it. the reason i'm not and it's also i'm not not doing it. to you because like i have manners. or something i'm not doing it. to you cuz i'm not [ __ ] rude. and don't want to. genetics and i'm not a piggy fat. [ __ ] what if you leaned in like that yeah genetics and genetic you know what it is genetics one more thing i'm also not a piggy fat [ __ ] columbo with the one more thing yeah detective yeah you know it's funny well another here i might as well say you're also a piggy fat [ __ ] wow so loud too do that i mean could you imagine then the problem with that i mean no you're kidding yes is that then you be you become the [ __ ] and there's no way around that yeah oh [ __ ] i'm oh [ __ ] i'm oinking uhoh uhoh uhoh that would be hilarious dude hey why don't you eat a burger you're so skinny uhoh oh are we two piggies now i mean the thing about the burger is why don't you eat a burger the easy response is why don't you not eat a burger why don't you eat less why don't you eat a [ __ ] salad you ate them all that's that's the right respon great that's the right response we figured it out great yeah good job great thank for lifeline yeah thank you for lifeline you know all right cool i'll be in eno i'll be in victoria bc. i'll be in chattanooga. i'll be in de mo. i'll be in savannah. i'll be in north charleston i'll be in uh green. bay yay y green. bay and st petersburg florida. but we have our lifeline live at may. 14th so make sure you get tickets. may 14th lifeline live come we'll be taking uh questions from the crowd. and that's what's up and you get rnr. lifeline luxury we're going to. go do that record that now. go to lifeline patreon dot com. lifeline luxury you don't want to. miss out it's the best. patreon going it is it is subscribe. the private record uh it's a great. show it's me solo you don't have to. deal with this annoying guy. to my right and uh if you want to. be on this show go. to watch lifeline dot com and submit. your solicitation for advice thank you. very much oh and of course if you want. a oneonone session with me. go to mata. dot com i'll make your life. better absolutely proven to. be guaranteed for sure. i will make your life. better and don't forget about. the lifeline merch go to. dot com going to. get sued you'll live longer. going to get sued. all right thanks a lot. guys bye hello hello. hello hello hello hello hello 