 [music] runk all right wait let me. just announce before we even. get into it. is australia we've got tickets. australia go to chia dot com. they are live they're selling. out uh i will be there in july. so do that and without uh hesitation after. that i mean i hesitated. in saying it the the the intro. because i i i definitely said the thing. about australia but without hesitation after. that this is the new episode. of [music] congratulations that's it. that's it also um episode. 376 the 375 was a patreon episode and it was the first time we ever had brian ken on this podcast uh congratulations so go on over to. the patreon patreon dot com/crashcourse. our our our our thing which people seem to. like and uh we like he's so fun. to be to be doing that. [ __ ] with it's just so crazy. how long we've been doing. that and he is uh awesome. my goal is to. uh i want to. get it sounds a little kind of shitty. but i want to. get him big enough. to where we can tour. together and i don't have to. carry the weight anyway um you know what i mean. uh no he's great uh i watched. i was with him and brendan and uh and jason mayhem miller. who uh was with we were watching. the the the fight dude i i that fight. that fight the hallay fight hallay and uh gate. g right was the craziest thing. i mean it was like you know. i used to. have this card i used to. have this i used to. have the batman cards. the trading cards the batman. cards the michael keaton batman they had. cards for them and one of them. was a closeup of batman. michael keaton with a bloody face. and he said bruised. but not beat and and the title. was bruised but not beaten. they all each each card. had like a a saying under it. and it said bruised. but not beaten and and i was just i kept thinking about that. with gatei like he kept getting kicked. and sh and punched and knocked around. and i kept thinking bruised. but not beaten and then with two seconds. left beaten um but that's crazy. to to for hallay to. be like here here over here. in the middle come on let's do this. and then we was winning. and then smashed him in the face. fell down lights out. that was crazy that's like on some my producer. was saying ear he was like that's like calling your shot in baseball. it is dude that's like some uh babe bru. [ __ ] one time i was watching uh i was at the dodgers. game and they were playing san francisco 49ers. no [ __ ] san francisco giants i i definitely know that the giants are baseball um and for are football but that was probably the last one i said so it was still still locked in my memory um so they were playing san francisco giants and barry bonds it was like his year after he got 4,000 home runs in one year you know and he comes onto the on deck circle and he's next and i say and and i was close to. the on deck circle like i i had good seats. and he was doing his thing. by the way the on deex. circle [ __ ] like you don't need that that's weird. that's some weird old timey. thing that like wait in the batters. box and when it's your turn run. up to the plate. why is there a a place. to wait to. go to it's like the waiting. room in a doctor's office only you're you're it's to. for at bats so don't have that. number one baseball number two barry. bonds was there and and uh and he was doing his. thing with the you know. with the donut on the on the on the bat. so it would be heavier. so then when you get up the bat. seems lighter which is like. the whole thing is kind of stupid. honestly on deck circle. i'm realizing i how much i don't like the on deck. circle um barry bond is taking his cuts. and he and i say hey barry. and i remember and i've never said this. i've never said this before. and since i said barry. you got you're going to. go yard and i don't know if you know the slang but what that means. is um are you going. to hit it a home. run right going yard as a uh when you're at bat. means you you hit a home. run i said are you gonna go yard. and he he's doing his back. cuts looks back at me and just goes like this. like cool as [ __ ] with his big ass and legs you know just crazy baseball player big. ass and legs mark. maguire and barry bonds they they. shouldn't have necessarily even had the home. run race they should have had the big. ass and legs race. because their [ __ ] trunks were awesome. dude they were so awesome. i want trunks like that dude. i just want pistons like that and and uh no matter how many single leg. you know rear rear foot elevated. split squats i do i'll never have mark maguire. ass there's a there's a quote for you. uh but so say you're going to. go yard and he looks back. at me barely by the way. and makes eye contact with me and just goes like yeah. i'm going to hit. a home run gets at bat. and he hits a home. run it was the coolest. thing i've ever seen uh definitely when it. comes to baseball and live and that. was what the ma max. hallay thing reminded me of it. because it was like calling your shot. dude that was crazy. also like i try to. tell that barry bond story as much. as possible because he deserves credit. for that like nobody saw that. this was before. social media like that sucks. that nobody knows about that but whatever he was on. steroids so it's all. good but by the way. do steroids uh players it. will be way more fun to. watch and and i get it. it's still hard work you still. got to practice all the time. but also do steroids. because here's the thing they all do them. anyway so i don't like the fact that mark maguire. got nicked and barry bonds. got nicked they were all doing them. are you kidding me. they all were doing them. and they are doing them. i did him oh wow. we going to do. another one we're going to. do another 90s baseball. thing no but ar pool did. him andre g did. he didn't look big but uh i'm just saying they they were all. doing them so for somebody to. get nicked like that is [ __ ] doesn't matter they have millions of dollars is all good and they're in the hall of fame right i don't know did they get taken out of the hall of fame i don't know that i don't know i know pete rose did because of gambling which is i guess not you can't gamble and do sports. but i don't know i kind of think i think not only should they add stero but they should add. like kodo dragons and like just straight. up elephants in the field. that would be a man. i know there would be a lot. of activists up in arms but could you imagine the game. if they just added kodo dragons. and one elephant in the field. at all times long. fly ball deep to. center oh [ __ ] the kodo dragon just ate all right the koto dragon's on his all right so it's off it's off his leg okay he's got to. go to the hospital because if the bite if if the bite goes untreated uh it's it's not they don't have poison. in them but he will uh it will. get decrepit and it will. start decaying and they will at least. have to amputate the leg. or uh or or there could be death. so let's let's wish him. well anyway swinging a miss um elephants are crazy. dangerous cuz they're so big. dude i bet if they were small there wouldn't. be that that you know. that's the thing it's like you get trampled. on or just sit down. behind you ever see that. i have this weird nightmare not nightmare. they mayare really sometimes. i think about an elephant. and it's like what if you were behind an elephant. and they just sat down and you went in their anus. that would be absolutely is. that like that that's probably like on uh some movie. anyway um shout out to. elephants uh um what is the oh we should we talk. is this the uh it's cool. how much no matter what i can't. get this up it's been in my chest. yes probably gonna get bronchitis hey yes dude um oj died. which i know we touched on. it on the patreon episode. patreon dot com chris lea. when i was talking about brian. but uh not a lot. we didn't talk about a lot. but i always wondered what it. this is a weird thing to. say but i always kind of wondered what it. would be like when oj died. and i don't even necessarily know. what i mean by that. right i don't really know. what i mean by that. what i what i think i mean. by that is he got off of the what. do you call it uh ca he beat the case. because they straight up everyone knew. he did it right. like black people are like yeah let him. free let him free don't you know. we don't have him go. to jail he's innocent. but they knew you. know there it is they're like they knew they go. yeah did he do it. no way free him free free. oj and then they were like but seriously though. do you think you didn't like oh yeah. no he did it you. know but but cuz rodney king and also a little bit for reparations because man. there be so many people c you. know they really were beating the [ __ ] out black people so like okay so it's like this. is our chance to. be like nah [ __ ] the man. and i get that all right. still people were murdered should have. went to jail and i don't know you know. by the way i don't know i didn't watch the whole. trial i watched a lot. of it because that was like one. of the last cases where you. could have uh um uh uh cameras in the courtroom so. i did watch a lot. of it however was 12. so i don't really know you know. like i'm literally looking at johnny. carin and i'm like i i mean. the glove doesn't really fit that. well but also was 12 okay. and could you finagle the hand in there. probably and could you you know. could you make it fit did. the did the blood that dried on. the glove make the glove smaller. probably but also didn't know was 12. so i just go okay. i don't know and i don't know i still don't know. i'm a 44y old man. i don't know and you know. there's been this kind of like understanding. that oj did it but he got off. and beat the case because of uh other things right. and uh and and and back then it was this. big thing in this in in america. and it was all anybody talked about but also was 12. would have liked to. been 40 when it happens. happened cuz i would have liked to. understand it better while it was happening. do you ever have that. that go on like you're like oh man. that happened when i was like you know. uh uh when i was when i was you know whatever. it was 11 but i wish that i was 40. and i experienced that so i could really take it. in right you know like the first you know. the first time you get a hand. job or something but i i guess. you know it's like it's pretty. pretty pretty bonkers when. you're young when you get your first. agj right pretty bonkers what dude. i remember go thinking no are you. serious i remember that that's what all the guys. when they first hj and i'm talking hj. i don't even mean bj. you you know i remember who it was. i remember what couch i was. on whose house i was. at and and and i go oh no. huh it's you know. what it was like it was like it. was like like it was like when you're in the middle. of a dat line. and you're just watching and you just go. huh you know what it. was like i it was the same. uh thing that goes through. your head when it's almost the same. type of thing when when when the dateline. episode is it's wrapping. up too quickly and there's and there's an hour. it's an hour dat line. but but 15 minutes in they're likeing. trying to say it's this. guy and you're like wait a minute. there's still 40 minutes left. maybe it's not him like it's that's the huh. oh are you serious. that's a if someone says well it's only been 15. minutes there's 45 minutes. left oh are you serious. that was the first that's the first feeling. of the first hj you get. what was i talking about oj. um oj and hj um but so i always wanted. to know what it was going. to be like as an adult. when he died because now there's still this. understanding that he did it. also now even black people are like we know he did. it but we did it. because we we we were all cheering. that that he was innocent. because of other stuff and now. it's okay to. say it you know so everyone thinks he did. it right which by the way. i don't know he was acquitted and the glove looked a little tight. but uh he he uh he died. and i wanted to. know what it would be like when he died. on social media. and i wanted to. know what the world and how they would react. because that was a big. thing when i was 12. and it's weird to. live in a world with no. oj it is weird right. just straight up naked. gun movies alone and i don't i know he did was football i didn't give a [ __ ] about football but i didn't really go on social media when he died i just heard he died and i just let it go and i was just like wow and i saw some jokes online you know people racing on twitter to. do you know or instagram or whatever to. get the best joke out. there quickest this so stupid what comedians do. that [ __ ] and um and some are funny. and you know some and it's weird. the whole thing just makes me. so sad that i just but he hada he had cancer. i guess huh of course he did. right how do you not have cancer. if you by the way if you kill some what what you say. like half of people get cancer. or something if you kill. somebody and oh whether or not you. kill somebody if everybody thinks you killed. somebody for 30 years you. get cans because of the stress. right you don't not get canc. you might off yourself right. you might as they say un. alive yourself and you have to. say that now so the censors. don't get you same. means the same thing. very very very very stupid very silly. you have to. say that but you know what i mean. wink anyway there's no oj dude. and that's crazy i haven't felt this. weird since paul walker. died and that's a different a whole different. reason you know i didn't expect there to. be i don't know it. just keeps going though you know. like my son is four he doesn't know who oj is. that's crazy when i think about it. he doesn't know and by the way. i barely knew who he was i only knew who he was cuz naked. gun i was too young. to and not into. football but i was too. young for the the football thing. but it's weird to. think that like my son. is going to be like who's brad. pit you know he's going. to be like who's ryan gosling. he's going to be like you know. there's people that aren't even famous. yet he's going to. be like who's that um so anyway. i black i'm o remember that. song um i ain't black i'm o. jayz did it it was so i the song. was okay and i didn't like um when neil brennan. came up to me. once and said the new jayz. album is so good i saw an i heard an advanced copy of it. and it's so good and he goes it. it starts off like this. i ain't black i'm oj and it's just you know. what just w just listen. to it he said i said okay. and i did and it was it. was fine i didn't think it. was all that but you know. shout out to jayz. yeah remember this [ __ ] we've talked about this in a pot i think before. but see oj had to. be trolling at some at. a certain point he just had to. be trolling just did you do. it no i didn't nope. did not do it after we finished. filming oj said to. me that uh he had a surprise for me and i genuinely was surprised. i think it was his idea. of a joke and this. is [music] it that's so out. there i mean that is so that is so bonkers. you know that's a bonkers. thing you do but i would have been way. crazier i don't understand how he's not that. crazy that's crazy that's wild. dude people still believe him. i guess people do still believe him. um look at this reaction to. the the reaction to. the verdict what a weird. time in america huh it's still the same. um yeah nothing changes anyway. but no no no but it was weird. though but nothing changed but dude. you ever watch old ladies and gentlemen. you ever watch old tv. clips and you were just like how did i see the that. the images are so blurry. and bad do you know. what i'm saying dude they're so bad. you watch i swear to. god if you watch something from 1994. just with jeff daniels in it. watch it now n movies. aren't really tv old. tv the way they brought broadcast. it dude it everyone looks like a [ __ ] apparition. or or or a coffee. stain you you i can't. believe how blurry. everything is it's unbelievable. and and we used to. just sit and watch that. and be like dude. you got to see hunter. you ever see hunter that. character the answer is no he's just an apparition. he's a he's a legit. the gun is like it looks like a pez dispenser you can't. see [ __ ] and the jury. i'm going to ask. that you carefully listen to. the verdicts as they are being read. oh dude this part would just be [ __ ] yourself so much you know oh this is real after the verdicts. have been they watched it in time. square will wow dude they watch in time. square reading of these verdicts. the whole country they just be on their phones. watching that go let's go simpson. case number ba09 211. we the jury and theed tile action find the defendant. oral james simpson oh [ __ ] oh man brock going crazy. right now oh [ __ ] wow it's so weird how this meant something different to. them now where the whites. at where my whites at cryan oh wow. she's pissed oh [music]. [applause] wow whoa dude. this is crazy i've never seen. this before i mean dude. there's black people and white people. together and black people are are thrilled. and white people are like oh no. dude this is hell yeah. that's my bo that's my. i think i i i [music]. see unbelievable dude there you go. unbelievable dude unbelievable wow [music]. he said not shown. in this video um but the craziest thing. i have seen from the verdict. was robert kardashian's reaction he was one. of his defense attorneys on the trial. his face drops to. the floor when the verdict is. read he is in disbelief. that oj was found not guilty oh. come on you can't. really tell the way people react. to stuff i don't know. well that's wild shout out shout out. to the trial and line. everyone in the everyone that had got can answer. that had to do with it. all right not from the oj [ __ ] he died and it's all you know it's it is what it is but um um oh wait did you just send me the zookeeper thing the zookeeper does get stuck in just his head now the whole body would you die. if if you if you got sat on by a an elephant. you would and and your head just went in you try. to pull your head out. if if my whole body was in i'd try. to get out through the mouth. um oh dude it's like when you when you go through. hell just keep going. like that's what it is. taking care of elephants can. be danger that's stac if i ever. heard ways to get injured. by an elephant. um getting stepped on or crushed. sometimes they can swat at you with their. trunks but there's certain precautions we take as professionals. but not everyone is a professional. there a dude at a zoo. in mexico a daydreaming worker. sweeps out the p. a zoo in mexico. is crazy you know. what i mean like imagine a zoo. in mexico you know. what it is it's kind of just mexico. but not everyone is a profession. you know what i'm saying and i know. that sounds racist but it's not dude. it's not it's not racist. there's nice parts of mexico. but tijana dude at a zoo. in mexico a day. dreaming worker sweeps out the elephant pen but he ignores the first rule what's the first rule elephant can watch your back you know what dude it's not even watch your back it's always know where the elephant's anus is that's the rule and that's what my father always taught me and and we never even seen an elephant or at least watch the elephant's back are dude are you now he's packed into. a packer are you eventually. the elephant squeezes him. out yeah he's throwing up. hell yeah thanks to. this butthead stupid behavior. it's a day he'll never forget. i mean dude this why. are they acting like this is funny. this is so horrific. thanks to this. stupid butthead dude stacy ke you. know h how the [ __ ] it's so funny that he went from that to. the voice of american. greed that [ __ ] when you come back to. american greed we like he used. to do videos of guys. getting their head stuck in their butt. elephant's butts that's crazy dude. oh my god that is so harrowing. and then you're that guy. you know what's worse. what's worse being that. guy now in your community. the guy who had his head. up of a [ __ ] elephant's anus. or everyone thought you murdered nicole. brown simpson i mean that's worse. because it's worldwide but if you're in a small. community elephant my head in an elephant's. ass is probably the same. amount of bad if you're in. a small community which i'm sure. he was you know but that footage. even that footage looked like it was from how how it's so grainy how do you see that. [ __ ] how did tv used to. look like that um that's amazing. our boy over here in instagram. uh davis clark we got it. we you know i know. we've talked about him before. um he did a marathon. ran the boss of marathon. in under three minutes hours yeah. that's crazy the people 256 i shave my pants. like crazy i'm going after it. all day every day for the people. 56 people dude he [ __ ] what is this. world you know like i hear people. [ __ ] themselves in marathons right like that happens does that happen okay so that's fine hey hide it do you know what i'm saying or or or you know what if i you know and i i understand that it happens it's still one of those things hide it and here's the thing here's here's here's the thing if i ever run a marathon which i don't know if i will i don't know if i will i'll wear a diaper that's one of those things you hear what people do what when you r marathon oh give me a diaper like how is how are you not i guess you think you don't want you don't have rash on your thing you don't want to. be when one time i was in vegas. and my buddy forgot his underwear. and he couldn't wear underwear. while he was in vegas. and he got a a a rash. he got a red a big. red rash like right. on the tip of his um penis. and uh it was so funny. he was like man. now even if i do hook. up with chicks they're going. to think i have like herpes. or something well that's funny. maybe he was lying. and he had herpes. and he just me to. know but no but he didn't have underwear. that was hilarious see everything. i have for the people 256 i share. my pants like crazy everything. i have for the people 256 i [ __ ] my pants. like crazy there's no [ __ ] your pants. not like crazy um i think uh i think that that. is probably uh he's a really hard. worker you know that's that's crazy to. work so hard you [ __ ] your pants. like i i i didn't do that. on stage one time. i was on stage. i had to go so bad. and i got my uh the person who was featuring for. me to come back up. on stage tell some jokes. well i emptied out you know. so in a way he's a lot. better than i am this. guy that's that's incredible. just running down his pants. liquidy and just a mess on his sock. that's the thing [ __ ] your pants. is one thing but [ __ ] in your socks. hide it we're a diaper. right agree on that. um but anyway he was locked in huh. super locked in oh shout out. to my buddy mike lenoi his special. is out he used to. open for me a lot. uh when i was uh when i was uh on the follow. the leader tour and um and all that. he's great go check it. out on youtube michael lenoi uh you know he he's he's great. and his specials out so go support. him you should go check it. out and leave a uh leave a uh a comment for him. you know um logan paul's. having a baby which is i knew. that was coming bro. i'm you know i'm a little psychic no. i'm not psychic i don't i don't. think i'm psychic because i'm not a chick. but uh good for him. you know that guy just perseveres. huh that guy just gets through it. good for him it's like that. whole thing where he was well. first of all he was people were mad at him. because he did the thing. in the uh forest of the in in japan. and then and then every now and then it's like he's in some kind of you know. he's very very big star. now so it's like hot. water doesn't matter but you know. that even that dylan danis thing. right that's that guy's name where he was like talking. [ __ ] about his uh fiance i just the guy just perseveres. logan paul just goes [ __ ] it and and then he just you know having a baby. that's cool wow i can't. wait to see that [ __ ] baby. that's cool i'm like a chick. i'm i'm happy for people. who have babies man. i'm happy for people who have babies i think there's too many. babies but uh i'm happy. for people to have to. have them you know i think it's really sweet. if you see a baby and you don't how about when you h. you know i i've had well i guess. you know william's kind of still a baby. he's one so technically i guess not right. he's a taller. but you know when calvin was under one. you bring him around. even now actually at one. or two or three or even four. when i bring my son. around and people like look in his eyes. and don't smile that's crazy. that is absolutely crazy. to me babies are so cute. you walk by you go like oh ah how do you not do that. but then i think about like we just don't ever. really know what people are going. through like someone came up to. me today and she was like hey i just want to. say i'm a big fan. i've been a big fan. for you for a long. time uh and i think you're great. and this and that and i was like ah thank you. so much i really appreciate that. that's very sweet of you. and then she walked away. and i was like i wonder i'm so different. when i when i on this. podcast than when i am in like out. in the world with people obviously. when i'm in joke. mode or podcast mode or whatever. you know i'm spelling off. my opinions about [ __ ] yeah i get it but i'm i'm a nice person people think i i don't know probably people think i'm not because i'm like a dick on this podcast but like i was she walked away i was like i wonder i wonder if people think that's weird when i'm nice to. them i don't know i'm just thinking out. too much bro i spiral yay i spiral i spiral i spiral i really do spiral i spiral a lot. so i have an announcement. i'm going to stage. coach i'm going to. stage coach what do you want. from me i have an announcement. i'm going to stage. coach what do you want. from me i have to. i have to i have to. go to stage coach. all the stars aligned i'm forced you. know what it was my wife. and her friends were over. and they were drinking. and you know when they're drinking. i go i go uh oh right. because when women get drunk. it's it's so silly and fun. until it's not you know what i'm talking. about it's like that last oh oh when you see. that last oh that's the one. ah that's the one that's going. to ruin my night right. hers of course but she's in control. of it i'm not she's oh oh [ __ ] okay well i'm [ __ ] all right well uh so tomorrow's going to. suck the next day will be a little bit. better and then you know. what i mean like i'm not going. to get much sleep. i want she'll be she i have to. help her shees need the aspirin and she's going. to probably lay in bed. i got to do. with the k all right. so this is going to. suck [ __ ] monkey monkey ball. so all right okay you know oh that last til. top the oh oh okay. all right all right well oh she she did shots. oh i thought you was just going. to be doing okay. all right she did shots. all right well tomorrow's going. to be all right tomorrow's. going to be ah tomorrow's. going to suck. donkey balls okay all right. cool so um so her and her friends. are over i love her. friends you know my wife. has great friends which is crazy. because i locked out now. she's a good person and i know. that usually good people know. good people but not always there. are good people and their radar is just [ __ ] you know they've got like like they've got that thing on it from the russians that. blocked it in the hunt for red. october where they can't they can't. figure out where it is. i don't know i they seem like a good. person but really they got the missiles [ __ ] locked on them and so they're drinking and they're at the point where it's still fun and one of the friends says you think chris can hook it up and get us into. stage coach and i go oh i liked you yan [ __ ] list now but whatever i'm like they're tipsy they're not going to. remember it's okay right. kristen immediately at the end. of this other girl's. sentence goes oh chris. that ask your friends. ask him because you know. look i don't want to. toot my own horn i. am [ __ ] hella country. i in the country circle. okay i know a lot of country. artists i've had dinner with country. artists i've hung out with country. artists right that's about it. not really into. the country circle but my i go. well look babe i think stage. coach probably really hard. to get into i'm not going. to stage coach if i gotta be in the like i saw adam. ray post a clip about no doubt. concert in uh coachella now. simply blow my brains out right. simply they were just and and i and no doubt. music i like no doubt. music right and i'm not even talking about. like you know the the i can't. even think of it i the only think of is b bananas. song that's it anyway adam. l like he was having a good time. with his friends and that's cool. but i'm just like i don't know. man so i'm like i can't be and that right. and i'm not above paying for tickets. i'll pay for tickets but then i'm like it would be the [ __ ] if i could ask my friends who are country dudes great. artists you know what the deal. was and i i don't want to. ask for tickets right. because i got that i feel like that's shitty. and so um i'm like well afterwards. the next the next day. i'm like maybe they'll forget. about the stage coach thing. because it's just going to. be too hard logistically to. do and then i'm also like how am i going. to work out when i'm there. for the three days you know what am i going. to eat i'll probably eat like a [ __ ] corn dog i'm going. to be like a fat piece of [ __ ] you know what i'm saying and like and end listening to. you know what i'm saying travis. trit so i'm like all right. well maybe she'll forget the next. day she goes man. that would be so cool. we remember you check on that. stage cat thing and i was like babe. uh i i i i would sniff it out. but your friend said um could chris hook it. up and honestly i don't know. if i can because i don't know how many friends. would you want to. go and i don't know if i got it. like that right look i'm in the country. circle but i don't got it. like that like i have you know. i've had dinner with country artist i know country. artist i'm in a country. circle but i don't know if i have it. like that so i said so i can reach out. but i don't know if i could get them. tickets too and she she says well uh it's okay. just see if you could get tickets. for me and you and they can fend for themselves. no [ __ ] [ __ ] your [ __ ] and i'm just like whoa bro what oh all right i like that cuz she wasn't betraying him but she's like i get it i get it but see if we can just get it for just us and i'm just [music] like wow i didn't know you had that streak in y so i was like how about i text and i'm not going to. ask for tickets but i'm just going. to text my musical. country artist friend are you going to. be at cortella cuz i don't know. i don't know because i'm joking. about how i'm in the country. circle i have no idea who's a stage. coach so i hit up the dude. and i say hey are you gonna be a stage coach. and he says yeah you know. what i'm not sure about immediately. right back i'm not sure about uh what the whole. thing is with vip passes. and all that but let me see if i can get you. some tickets for you and your wife. would you want to. come and i go thanks hardy. and and and uh and so he he pulled. through dude and me and my wife. we going to go. we're going to go. to stage coach dude. and thanks to. hardy and uh that's rad. and i'm like now i got to. go because he made it so easy. and it's going to. be awesome i think here's the thing. dude i don't like anything and that's so sad. i started thinking about what like what. if there's something deeply i i take that back i i i like i like things obviously i'm joking. i like a few things i like my family. and i like being on stage. and i i i think i've tricked. myself into liking working. out so oh and i really like watching movies at night and eating like you know ice. cream or something uh but uh i i it's hard. for me you know if i took a viance i'd be of and rocking dude. but i'm not gonna i don't do that. [ __ ] you know but it it i went on a boat i took vi. i took i went on a boat. i probably one of the best. times of my life and and i don't even like that. does pres was prescribed. okay it wasn't recreation it was prescribed. and i go i mean there. was a whole episode about it. but i had a great time. and christian was like wo and i was like what that's pretty much. ad roll i'm like so what is what is base. level for a human right. cuz we don't know we're only us. right they ever have a bad mood. all day yeah you do. right hey some people are listening to. this right now and they're like nah you know i'm talking about. like my friend david sullivan. that dude just [ __ ] kind of keeps trucking. good things happen bad things happen. don't matter dude he'll [ __ ] the guy was he was at a 5yearold's birthday. party the other day. was like like he he didn't have a 5yearold. kid he he was at a 5yearold's. birthday party because his friend had a 5yearold. that was and then i'm like well yeah. of course he was he's always over. with it once the [ __ ] see calvin. like of course and uh so i'm like the guy just keeps you. know he's positive right so i'm like he would want. to go to stage coach. so bad and a guy like that. want to go so bad. and i'm going to. try and feel the excitement for it. because it's a shame that i don't have. that it's a shame it's sucks. i wish i had more things there. it is there it is it's been 376. episodes and there's the breakthrough dude. there it is i wish i had more things to. be excited about [ __ ] but i don't i have four things and i do them all the time i do standup. i joke around i love. my family and i watch tv. late at night that's what i do. dude and i eat bad. food when i do that. you know and yeah i stay lean. and how the [ __ ] did he stay so lean but yeah i do because i work out hard and i you know i don't eat the first meal sometimes and maybe that's good i don't know you heard all this [ __ ] about in and fast i think i'm basically doing that and i don't even mean to. so i we were on. the couch and i go and i was with david. sullivan and sam my son calls him. sam the guy because we have a dog. named sam and sam comes. over my my son still calls him. sam the guy he's very cute. and hilarious we didn't know what he was saying. for a little bit and we like sam. the guy he was like yeah. sam the guy like oh my god. that's hilarious so anyway david. and sam the guy were over. and dude i put on this. you know what i you know. what i do sometimes. when i'm scrolling and this is a great. thing to do i remember there's shudder i go. oh yeah there's a whole streaming. service dedicated to. horror movies i go oh yeah shutter. turn on shutter and immediately i'm hit with a [ __ ] uh thumbnail whatever you call. it with a kind of creepy. lower face and a burlap. sack on the on the front on the top. of the head the title. of the movie bag head. okay i go in my head. i get to bag. head the second syllable in the second syllable. i'm already clicking on it. because there's nothing that i'd rather. see than a movie that's a horror. movie at that called bag head. hey try harder right. but then i'm like ah maybe it's supposed. to be like that because it's i mean. how do you get that. title you know what it's about a [ __ ] lady with a bag on her head yeah there's no extra thinking to. it there's a lady. with a bag on on her. head sn r all right. and she's dead she comes. out of the basement and you get to. she turns into you put the bag. over her head and she has a bag. on her head you pull it off. and she could be you could talk to. dead people if you want to. you got two minutes why. don't know after two minutes. she like owns you right. so i go i don't even need to. know any of this stuff to. watch the movie i'm already in cuz it's called. bag head but how did they [ __ ] stop at bag. baghe head was one of the things where the writer wrote it. and he was like let's call bag. head for now and then it just became a thing. and they're like [ __ ] it it's like snakes on a plane try harder right. at the meeting they're just like should we change. the name though baghead what else. i don't you know. i don't know baghead seems to. be kind of honestly the thing. it is really she is. a bag baghead okay. so they did it. watch the movie 30 minutes. and i go now what kind of guy. are you i'm asking this. to the audience cuz i know what kind of guy. i am cuz it happened. last night and i already knew. i was this kind of guy. this is the thing this goes back. to say i get coach. uh coachella tickets right. i was going to. say st doesn't matter coachella. tickets in january when they go. on sale i don't know when they go on sale. and the week of coachella. comes and i think i don't i don't want to. go but i already spend thousands. of dollars on the room on the coachella. tickets right i think more than i think you know what 80. to 90% of people would maybe even more than that. would still go because they think like ah i paid. for the thing bro ahh ah i don't do that. i do what i want when i want. it didn't matter if i got tickets. for it dude dude okay if i don't want to. go i don't want to. go but we already paid. for the okay so do something. i don't want and pay for it. right so i'm of the camp. do what you want when you wna even if you already. paid for tickets something that you don't. feel like doing all right. and i really think that that's really really peace. i think that's peace so i'm watching the movie. bag head and i go you. know i get to that moment. where you know kind of like you're getting. your first first hj and you're huhuh. 30 minutes into. the movie and i look over. to david and sam the guy. and i say hey guys this movie is very bad. uh can we change it. and they say we're already 30. minutes in and i say but is it. bad and they said ye. yeah but you know. i'm kind of i'm want to. see what happens and i go. come on guys you know. it's bad and here's the thing. about baghead is it's it's not bad. enough to be good it's not. it's not good and it's not. bad enough to be good so it's in the middle. it's just a movie that where things. it's like a movie where you put into. ai make a movie about a bag. a lady with a bag. on her head and then you could she could become all dead. people that this is the movie. that they would come out. with this is the first ai. movie i i guarantee it and they didn't they made me watch the whole. [ __ ] movie i watched the whole movie bad it. got worse and then it ended worse. okay okay so i go this. suck guys that movie. sucked and they're like. you picked it and i was like i wanted. to stop it 30 minutes. in like well i was already. hooked so bag head goes. away and then the next thumbnail a movie called birth. rebirth now it is 1:00. a.m. but that movie was bad. and they're still over and i go. can't end on that movie. got to clear it. with another good one and i heard this. one's good i look it. up on rotten tomatoes even. though that means abs. absolutely nothing 96% rotten tomatoes even though. that means absolutely nothing i go. hey to the guys. sam the guy and dave look 90. 96% r i play it. 10 minutes in they go. we got to go. they leave bro do you know me. picture me turning it off and going to. bed hey hey no i didn't i didn't i stayed and i watched. it because i wanted to. clear the bag head movie. and i'll tell you what that. movie birth rebirth was a seven. out of 10 cleared. [applause] it cleared it. [ __ ] cleared it went to. bed at 4:00. woke up at 10:30 feel. like absolute utter [ __ ] but i cleared. [applause] it feel terrible but i cleared. it and i you know what i ate. you know what i ate when i watched. it this is so gangster i ate [applause]. cake that's not it i ate two. [applause] pieces that's not it. it was my son's oneyearold. birthday [applause] cake that's not it. my son my oneyearold son. didn't even see the cake at [applause]. all he went to. bed and we were going. to have like family over. but dude part of my family. was sick and we're like let's just skip. it and you're boy sat. and watched bag head and birth. rebirth cuddled up like a roly poly. on the couch eating his son's. oneyearold birthday cake that his oneyearold. didn't even get to. enjoy and stand up. till 4:00. a.m. yo if that's not 44. what is you should strive to. get to that point. in your life honestly. really you really should god it. was [ __ ] exactly what i wanted to. do and now i feel like utter [ __ ] but it's okay oh yeah shutter am i the cake bro. that cake from uh suzie cakes. hey is it moist yeah. is it it's ita you can practically. drink it never chris is a really. mo moist hey why don't you try it for yourself buddy is it moist did you just get done washing the car with it i'm just saying you can't tell the difference um was at the gym today. there were two bro. there i'll get to. that later but there were two. pregnant ladies at the gym just making everyone else feel like an utter piece of dog right. because they were they were killing. it you know doing legs. you know just with their fat. bellies and they they looked great. they were very pretty but that's beside the point. they looked great like healthy. and and just i'm like oh why are there. two pregnant women in my gym. right now just killing. it here i am doing. chest you know dude this guy i this's a new follow. i have on instagram uh it. is sads jewelers s a a ds jewelers it's just incredible. the now i'm not saying that. nobody in this video is smart. okay but i am saying. don't you want to. seem smart or don't you want. to seem not dumb. right look this is play. the video this this is jewelers. and the guy makes grills and everything. else but i i just i every second of this. video you know i'm scream. what not funny not i i don't dude. one thing that i can't stand. so much are fake like those fake laughs to. fill the space it drives. me nuts it drives me nuts. you know who does that. the most uh djs. on the radio i dud. all right we're coming back. okay all right back from a back. from a break okay you know we stick around. we got some more jcole. for you all right dude. what are you [ __ ] laughing. at play the song. play crooked smile you know. all right we're back oh man. whoa man rihanna. is in a lot of hot. water with her fenty uh thing. right anyway his umbrella. what are you [ __ ] laughing. at so here is what you got is. back that's l you guys. i love all you haters. i love i'm obsessed with people who say they have haters. that are no one i love. when somebody thinks they have haters. when it's like seven. people know you how many haters do you have. one two who's your hater. the guy at the at the [ __ ] you know your waiter. that you didn't tip like who's who is. your hater think think you listening. right now who's your hater. who is your hater if you right. now if you haven't thought of it yet. you don't have any okay. rappers got to. have haters though um so yeah. so and you know you love that's the jew. talking and seven let me. see a seven tr let me. see what youing it let me. see the grills man. dude are these guys all underwater let me see the grill. man let the grill man. and then also have a script. guys you know start with an idea they're just standing next. to him with grill. here we go man what's up. [music] [applause] s man what's up. uh napoleon desite dude unbelievable. i ain't going to. talk my [ __ ] cuz i don't need to. you feel me so polite. the way he did it. he bowed that's right mr. king of texas i love you. everyone's underwater oh dude guys a bird. yo i saw this. video and the guy goes sk. i got to get a grill. i gotta get grill i got to. get grills i gotta get grills so i can go. sk oh god how cringe is. that dude i can't even do it. without feeling bad even as a joke. sk dude wow that's [ __ ] that is so stupid. i really feel it and the guy's doing it. like it's cool what a mess. and then the other guy. does got you oh wait. wait oh this is actually. my favorite part the guy turns. the camera away and then shows. the the jewelry in the case. this is my favorite part. i forgot about this part. got a lot of these penas in right. there what is this guy. working with in his face. got right there is he [ __ ] uh who's the uh the guy from robin hood with the fox. who's the frier frier whatever the [ __ ] the fat frier john whatever the fat one is lot of the l. suppers lot of l. suppers just dude just such garbage. you know lot ofers like dude. how many people want a last supper. pendant that there are a lot. left gauge it better money. tree right here money money. tree right here what's the [ __ ] fire john fri tuck is that what it is yeah trap house trap house dude. and and and people will go there. and be like yo that's that. that one i mean i like the trap. house but y'all got oh y'all. do have last suppers left. yo let me see that. what's that i'll get that one. whatever you guys want we got everything. in stock come on in you guys traing. off everything inall tr aome guys big. i love you guys this. is mr morb yeah you already. know i'm bet that's why nobody said anything. yet you know it's incredible. i'm back that's right just absolute just garbage. i love it love it. love it i would be so i would be friends. with these guys i don't give a [ __ ] okay let's look at some more of these guys here we go big. dog and tino g. with guys big do to. i love you guys this. is uh g and brandy. they're living their life they love the king of texas. screaming dude doing it right. right right [music] s dude. it's so you can't not. be insecure afterwards cuz he doesn't know. you don't know when that guy's going. to stop talking it says big. dog tino and g with brandy. shopping for their son with the king of texas. got something for a little boy actually. i ain't going to. show yall yet it's a little surprise. you know what i'm saying i mean. dude figured out before. the video got some for the little boy. actually not even going to. show you yet just [ __ ] backed out so hard bigo i come through. i put everybody on oh it ends. there unreal bro. hey guys this is uh g. and brandy they living we love. the king of texas they're doing. it right right right got something. for a little boy actually. i ain't going to. show yall yet it's a little surprise. you know what i'm saying yeah. big latino yall come. through i put everybody on dude. that's great man oh that's great. dude all right guys. thank you very much uh go. on on over to. the that's it for youtube. go on over to patreon to. watch the rest of the episode. patreon dot com christalia and go on over. to patreon also to. watch the brian k episode. uh of congratulations sign up. right now uh and uh australia. i'm coming and a bunch of different. places i'm coming i'll see you thereat [music]. oh 