 runk hello hello hello hello hello hello st petersburg i'll be. there soon and then i just added. dates on irvine california. in at the end of may. but also we'll be doing lifeline. live uh may 14 so you can do. that but then i also am doing standup. there later on uh charleston west virginia. and de mo green. bay uh and then i i added. adelaide in australia i'll be. in australia and i got a bunch of dates. coming up go to. chrys lea dot com and new zealand. um yeah new zealand. have you ever been to. new zealand before new zealand. no never that's sick dude. uhuh i'm going to. auckland i've never been i don't. know the flight look up. flight time from australia to. new zealand i mean i know. it's obviously i've heard new zealand's. like depends where i know. i know australia's big but the most beautiful. place i don't know uh what where where am i. before auckland wherever i'm going. before auckland so so sydney going. from sydney to. auckland yeah which sounds far. actually no because yeah because i think it's on the east right. three hours oh okay all right. not so bad all right. so uh yeah so i'll go i'll be there. go to chris dot com. to get tickets um and then sign up. for our patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury that's where it's at we've been really having a good time. over there we don't take take submissions we just kind of bs. we're brothers and uh been some bangers. out there lately yeah and it's cco deo right now right so uh what yep a what i don't don't even i don't even want when people say. cco de drinko terrible it's bad. it's just the worst huh. anthony how many times have you said that. in your life no not not only that when when when that people say. it around him he laughs so hard. how many times anthony. not [ __ ] once dude yeah dude wow we love you anthony. chris how about you i probably said it. oh well you know he said it. but ironically but still it doesn't matter he said it. yeah i appreciate the honesty though. he came clean he came clean. if you got a question go to. the click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com if you want one1. sessiones with mac go. to m dot com. and go check out his podcast. private record it's really great go subscribe. on that youtube and you can get merch. over at uh lifeline merch dot com. so that's what's up um and before. we started uh this we were talking. about do you want yeah. we were we really were but before. we do that we i want. to be able to. continue that conversation but okay. get off my case dude. me yeah what i cut my hair oh you did. huh yeah yeah oh i did. too yeah oh look at that. but but i thought you were going. to go short though. i mean what do you mean. i you said you were going. to cut it real short. i did did i say that. yeah i don't remember saying. that oh okay well yes yes you did. and it's all good in private. with you maybe but i don't remember on. the show no you said i think i want to. cut it short though maybe i'm private. yeah okay fine anyway i. probably will eventually but it's way. shorter you know why. i don't want to. why yes i do oh why. because people tell you to. do it and you oh no. that's not why what uh no. nobody says cut your hair short. to me i mean that ship. has sailed i think for people. that know me like it's been long for so long. it's been long for like a decade. probably um more this is so such a kind of a dumb. reason but i'm i really fully like it's entrenched. in my mind the art that. was done by my friend for the private. record the key art oh has part of my face on it yeah and i like the art so much wow and in the art obviously my hair is long right and i don't want my face so early after dropping. that podcast to be in congruous with the art. of the show that's not really a reason. but i know i mean i'm already. acknowledging that but yeah it's the reason. okay okay i mean i i definitely understand. the this the thought behind it. going to i'm going. to cut cut it short well. you don't have to. you know and when i do oh watch out. the earth will shake. wow the earth will rumble okay. i know you know what's i think what do. you think the i think the most unattractive thing. that a human person can have. on their body is their neck. goes from here to. here and no no chin. like no you know what i mean. it's unfortunate it sucks have. that uh it's really unfortunate men are a little bit more fortunate cuz once they become adults. they can grow a beard. and that really does. hide that but there's nothing more shocking than. seeing a person you've known your whole. life at least in regards to. them with they've had a beard. they shave it and they reveal. that they have no neck. because what that is is having no. neck they just look like a turkey yeah. or no chin i guess. no chin i guess chin. chin yeah weak chin. yeah um and i just was thinking about that. and sometimes i think about that. uh okay uh the life of a porn. stars crazy right we can all agree. on that i'm not i'm not no. negative i don't care i like. what i said as an addendum. to that which is that yes but i think it's less. crazy than it was before. the advent of like only fans. and even like twitter and stuff. like because i think people in that. industry can really control their. own kind of work especially with like you can do it. from home with your own husband. or wife right. like you get to. control so much there's no like people exact it. was like okay you know going. to go get a i'll get a load like 11:30 a.m. you get a load. okay and then you go get lunch. uhhuh and then got to. get a load at 2:30 uhhuh. so you're like basically like getting a load and then an hour. later you're like oh let me get the um i'll get the roast beef sandwich. and make sure that there's i like get the sauerkraut too. and then you eat it. and then you're getting a load an hour. and a half whoever's giving you. that load an hour. hour and a half later is. not going to be happy. about this sauerkraut edition. dude well you know what i'm saying. it's just you know you got to. be careful how about people. not i'm not trying to. get away from this subject. but it made me think of it. actors and i guess of course people who do porn as well you got to. be respectful to the person. you're performing with and you got to. watch what you eat and you got to. be clean yeah i've heard so many. stories from actors that i know really that i've even experienced. it myself and i've barely i mean. i'm not an actor yeah but this one. time in particular this woman i had. to kiss i don't want to. i can't even say the story without i feel. like i'm going to. throw up already yeah i i i do too and i wasn't in there. i no dude people it's so disrespectful. it yeah it it is it. is to to. to think i'm going. to eat it anyway. i don't care is crazy. it's crazy yeah it really is but um yeah that. is really gross. for me um and i don't want that. i don't want that to. be happening yeah um i think that uh porn you asked. the question before we started you said why. why are is every acting in porn. bad why is every time. anyone who does porn has to. act like before they start. getting grinded it's bad getting. grinded upon uh it's terrible. acting better you have a theory. as to why that's the case. okay because it's not bad. acting it's bad directing most of the time. so you think that if a good director allah let's say me. was on the porn set. johnny sins or whatever. would suddenly be like robert deniro well that's going. far but that's far but yes i think they'd be way. better yeah wow do you think i mean. i agree directors make a huge difference but you think. that big of a difference yeah i do. i think that if soderberg or lynch or you know. yeah you they if they you made uh uh backdoor [ __ ] in the backyard. five mh that you would. it would be like oh why. is this one good here's my theory. is that if you made people think why is this one. good it would the fear is. right it would be distracting. yeah it it would be but also here wouldn't that. be a good thing people would be like at least. pass it around like like that. though but but uh but it's not good i know. you mean it's not it's not good. at at the the the uh the bra factor it's not good at the bone. dog factor well no what get what it. is is is the production value. is high the image is very sleek like it's it's clearly. not that cheap but it's still terrible. acting yeah terrible obviously. writing if you can even call it. yeah but look think about david lynch doing a porn it. wouldn't be bad it wouldn't be bad. the bad acting would be part. of it it' be. good acting you know i mean. right but i think that it's like people. hear me out just people basically. now watch porn just for the brack. act and the sex stuff right. which is how it should be right. of course but there are scenes. in movies that have existed. in the past the only reason. i know this is true. is cuz i've seen them. like real movies okay basic. instinct is a good example where like the scene. itself is another layer of titilation and it's like it's a sexy thing. that's going on so like if you could get that. going in a porn as well could plus. the sex then like where's that. at you're thinking like a woman. though not a dumb guy. you know like a dumb. guy it's mostly men who are just like a i know. and that's a as a baseline. that works what i'm saying. is couldn't it be even better. like if the atmosphere was like no. bo and then there why. no because guys don't want to. do that they don't want. to think about it. they just want to. be like oh yeah they don't want to. think about it you don't i'm not i'm not saying like let neil degrass. tyson write it there's nothing to. think about it's just like well a well done. sexy scene no well no they don't no they don't because then you have to. involve storyline you'd have to. invite involve uh other yeah no it wouldn't work somebody should do it. and they'll somebody has done it. show me show me one. of one of these porns that is like this. anyone watching where is one. actual porno porno film. as they used to. be called whatever that is like well. done a piece and like actually sexy. all right well whatever i don't know. but i'm just saying that i think that it's because of the directing nine times. out of 10 i mean i disagree i think it's everything. but like maybe maybe if soderberg directed a porn. then it would be like out. of control good and good i just watched. what's this show it's not good. act every you can get a good. performance kind of from anybody. you know if you just do it. right but what was the thing. i was just watching um i watched. the whole show and one guy was like everybody. was so good in it. and one guy i realized halfway. through the the show i'm like dude. he's actually not good it's just. the director knows what he's doing. and you don't know what it. was and if that you put that guy in another show. it would have been like oh the the director didn't know. what you're doing everyone will be acting back. he be acting back be like these actors suck. i'm telling you man. but we don't know what. it was so we remember i'll i'll remember though. all right well let's go. into a thing yeah uh but but you know i think that's my that's my theory. okay hey chris and matt. big fan of the podcast. should come to. omaha sometime i'd love to. see you live kick your ass. so bad but i'll hop right. into it so when my wife. and i go to. dinner usually i just house. food but normally she brings home. leftovers puts them in the fridge. a day or two will go by. and that's my rule if it's been two days. it's a fair game so i eat him. and then she's like what the hell. you ate my leftovers i'm like yeah. baby that's the game same. thing if i leave if i leave it. in there for two. days you can eat it. that you know like chris says charge it. to the game yeah but on the flip. side of that if she has leftovers and i don't touch. them i'm like you know. what last time she got mad. not going to touch him. they sit in there. for 3 4 days and then she ends. up throwing them away. and she said says to. me well i thought you were going. to eat these yeah i wanted to. now i'm pissed because it's getting thrown away. i wanted to eat itat so. my question is do you guys. have any unwritten rules. about leftovers in the fridge. or just food in the fridge. in general if you eat someone else's or they eat yours. yeah um on a more. serious note chris i've listened to. some of your podcasts kind of talking. and joking about your ocd. um i have ocd to. and you were actually a huge catalyst in me going. back to therapy and getting medication. for it and it's one of the best. things i've ever done. so from the bottom of my heart. thank you for that you deserve. some credit uh matt you're my best. friend thanks guys that's true. a nice guy yeah that's good. you're on medication got great. lips this guy huh. okay well you know he's got a good voice. great mouth got a good voice. too you a great. mouth to a guy. yeah i know it's just weird. other stuff too like your eyes. and everything i'm comfortable in my sexuality. i can recognize a mouth. guy with a great mouth. all right all right well i i i i'm i'm just sure. doesn't have a bad mouth. lips that's different saying if you have nice lips. is different than bro. you got a good mouth. i did at first i said lips. yeah okay so we'll stick. with that that makes you more comfortable. what we working with in the mouth. area uh so uh yeah i i i think the rule. is if you live with someone or whatever. i if you're if it's your house. or apartment and you anything in the fridge. is fair game i don't i don't. like especially if it's something you brought back. and you ate half. of it already if you live in a home. with a significant other even if you're not married. but especially if you're married. there's a refrigerator it is immediately. and automatically communal it is. for everyone i once i i'll never forget. i think about this a lot. dude oh bo i. started dating this girl and i was crazy. crazy into her like it was. one of those very few relationships. you have you immediately fall. in love with the person. that's what it is mostly when chicks. are with me feel it's reciprocal it's amazing. everything's good it started the first thing. that went sideways was such a shock to. me oh that it made me question. almost everything that had happened before. then but it was such a simple. thing she said she was like clearly a little upset. and i was like what's the matter. like what's going on like you're never really in this. kind of mood at least in so far. as we've been dating up. to this point and she was like well. you know i just like every time. i go to like a bottle of water. there's like less and less water. up there and like you know. i feel like you're you're drinking. a lot of the water. i buy and i was like we're having this. amazing thing go on between. us and we haven't even argued even once that's weird. and you're willing to. let this be the first one like you have to. make a choice at that. stage in your relation like. is this the first argument worth. getting into or am i. going to wait for something. that's actually how long you had you been dating. this was like maybe eight weeks. to two month two months. something like that were you living together. no not yet isn't that so weird. yeah i was just so bummed dude. that's weird also the the worst. part was like i could buy a case. of water you could drink the whole. thing today yeah and i wouldn't give a [ __ ] right i'd be like why are you so thirsty. but that's it yeah same. you know i mean people are people are so weird. about this kind of [ __ ] i guess nothing's yours. nothing's mine if we're in if we're in. love and you're in love if it's if it's another it's your roommate. room yeah okay i get it. you yo bro you ate my you know. yeah dude you come on dude. at my [ __ ] hot tamali i wanted to. eat the tamale and you ate it. i only ate one for lunch. i was saving it. for later bro that's a conversation yeah of course but if my wife. was like if i'm like babe. where's the rest of the pasta. and she's like i ate it. at most i'd be like oh [ __ ] i wanted. to eat that i wanted. to eat it yeah exactly. i have my eyes my heart. set on it you know. but good i'm but then i go oh good i'm glad. i got eaten cuz you know. how much shit's in the fridge. i dude there's stuff. in my fridge that's probably been in there. since the person who lived in there. before disgusting n years. old 9 years old. but but it's like uh nineyearolds don't have. houses but i um or fridges but i i don't yeah. i i i that's really odd. well you got to. have a rule then you got to. have the rules that's i was going. to say he said are there. any unwritten rules who gives a [ __ ] make them written. rules and share that with your wife. and agree to them. and then live forward. your lives in happiness. shakespeare live forward your. lives in happiness yeah uh it's not. yeah make the rule and then adhere to. it because that's that's just and and honestly. even if the rule is you know you could eat my [ __ ] but if you don't want me to. eat your [ __ ] okay i won't or or if it's two days yeah just whatever r is put it down may maybe you don't eat it the first day but the second day i'm going to. eat it get the law. on the books agree to. it yeah and never think about it. again yep you're welcome. okay got great lips. no yeah that's better than. nice mouth nice mouth okay. oh dude oh no oh dude. does this ever happen to. you every once in a while i can't. believe this happened on camera. like two times a year maybe what i get this. crazy sharp pain in. my eye no kermit kermit ouch. dude dude i'm so strong. though my pain tolerance is so high at 10. it's not no it's in his head. at 10 at 10 is bad. what's what's the pain. what pain level is. it the moment it happens. like a seven which is significant. mhm yeah and then it subsides. a little bit yeah right. away yeah but the oh man. it happens twice a year you know when you have pain and there's the pain there's the moment. of the pain and then there's like the ringing. of the pain that just like slowly. dissipates yep welcome to my life. now it's completely gone. but it's so sensitive ah kermit um dude. i uh luckily though i'm powerful. we didn't need to. stop the show right you're powerful. uh i i'm not powerful and i'll tell you why. okay i went to. stage coach and i was there. for three days and just you know. um i had a whole episode. about it on my congratulations. pocket you listen about all the adventures. we had but um it is i i'm 44. and and and and i'm like it i walked around. a lot like we did. six plus miles a day. walking you know yeah you walk. around like things you park. and then you got to. walk [ __ ] you're not at the thing yet. even even though you parked right. right that was a lowest. opening of a can i've ever. heard in my life and so you saw the effort. i put into chy. no no no i know i know. that's why it's but it was just crazy. loud and also it doesn't matter. even if you did it on mic. because it would have been two one. not even a second so anyway. right right right yeah i'm not like that. like you are but um oh deeper. but you would be like oh good way. you know deeper but now let me. just talk about this because i at the end. of the first day. my body it's broken oh really it's broken. so you work out a lot. though do you not not do any do you not do any like running. or anything i do oh that's the thing. i don't get that is weird. then yeah is that i i if i wasn't working. out what the [ __ ] i would i think i would die. here's my question it could be related. to something else like did you was it. really hot no it's pretty hot. did you drink a lot. of water enough water oh okay. cuz dehydration will make that. happen for sure i just by the end. of the third day i i'm driving. home and i'm like guys it's not worth doing. stuff like this huh. well not when you're 44. yeah yeah and kristen was. like no it is and i'm like i feel terrible. and she was like yeah but you know. it go that goes away. and i'm like yeah but i guess. like i'll have the memories of it. so that's good yeah that's the why. you do things yeah so maybe it's worth. it it's worth it i mean. i had a good time. that's up to you yeah. then it was yeah yeah but my my back. feels fine now but i was going to. ask yeah how many and how many days removed of it. but you know like you leave a concert. or whatever the [ __ ] you leave like disneyland and it's just like an hour and a half. of in your head you know. and it's just like you're you're like am. i really still me you know. you're just thinking all this crazy. [ __ ] yeah i i just like at that moment. i'm like i'm never ever gonna. be around more than four. people ever again yeah that's me. on the way home from vegas. no matter how long i was there. exactly so so my whole thing. is like i actually asked kristen. i'm like dude am i maybe i'm just a large. [ __ ] it's part of it but it really hurts bro. oh you're you mean you're in pain. yeah then yeah i guess. you are a large [ __ ] but but it's like so other people are feeling that pain and just like [ __ ] it dude i'll tell you what that's too hard. often yeah yeah that's too hard. yeah but but but you're doing it. the only difference is you're complaining. about it you're not not doing. it so that doesn't make you a large. [ __ ] it just means you're like mhm i don't know all right like a complainer all right you're not a large [ __ ] you're like a complaining [ __ ] i want to. know if everyone hurts that. much after doing stuff i think maybe. not everyone but most people i think it's safe. to say at what the [ __ ] god over 40. let's saye you know what the heck. god you know first time. you ever pled to. god was about this but it's like that's not fair. we're people we need to. be walking around chis were you. wait yeah well there you go. that's why good question. anthony i was wearing boots not cowboy. boots but boots and i don't normally. wear boots and i have a blister. this size oh dude. but that's he cracked. the case all right. yeah maybe good job. that's crazy dude he has a blister. that is as big as my face. you saw right well i mean i'm not guessing. yeah you sent literally out. completely without context. just dropped a pick into. the lifeline text chat that is so close. up of his blister. you have to. look at it for at least. 5 to 10. seconds to realize that it's even a foot withth a blister. on it looks like a mouth. nice mouth dude it it just looks like a planet. dude all right next one. all right hi chris hi. matt got a good question. for you i think so i just started. dating this woman hey she's there there. is the woman and we've been together. about for three months. she's canadian and the other night. i showed her the chocolate c. video chris i know that you know. it of course and matt. you must have seen it. as well i would imagine the probably. showed you many times thousand. of times and luckily she did. find it funny um but it had me. thinking like if she didn't find it. funny like is that enough. to cut her loose well because it's one of those jokes. and chris i know that you have them. and i think everyone does of like those. videos or those inside jokes. that are just like almost a part. of you that yeah if other people don't find funny. i don't know if you can have them. around so that's my question. thanks guys love the show. good question so does she and so do they back. there who the [ __ ] is this what the [ __ ] more people got in got i'll tell you right now that guy had leads a double. life he has at least two families. that's so stupid across north america. one in canada one. in america and he's just like never has even an inkling. of guilt about it. yeah doesn't even think about. the other family when he's with one. of them yeah yeah yeah you know. and has zero free time never ever ever. relaxes but doesn't care he's like. i don't what is relaxing. i'm busy all right so um yeah i i don't i there. are a few things look i think that i don't. think you can write someone off. for that if you show. them someone they're like i don't get it. because they might just be in a weird. mood but if something ha if it if if it's a thing a pattern or like two or three or four times where you're like what the [ __ ] this is funny she doesn't think it's funny he doesn't think it's funny then that's something that you can think about i don't know if ending your relationship. is something that you need to. do cuz also you could like be like look the reason. why we both think stuff. is funny is because together we grew up. and i'm like this is funny. and you're like ri and you look. at it and then you start thinking it's funny. or you do or vice. versa you do it to. me and then i'm like oh yeah. you like that kind of stuff. oh yeah i guess it is funny. you know so you got it's kind of about. opening people's eyes to. it too it's also the longer. you are able to. spend the longer you're with someone. yeah yeah like my brother. and i have a very similar. sense of humor because. so many as kids so many of our experiences were the same. experience we saw things from a similar. point of view for years and years and years and years as like the foundation of our our life that becomes true. the longer you date. someone so if you just meet someone and you're hitting it. off amazing and you show. them something you think is really. funny and they're not as into. it as it's one thing. if they don't laugh that. much it's another thing if they're like why. do you think this is funny. if they're like why you think this is funny. then sure like that's a bigger sort of people. just don't laugh a lot. red flag uh or thing. to flag but yeah uh you know. dude that video though is if if if if somebody thinks the chocolate croissant. video is funny then i know that we're gna. get along with with humor but if if if you don't. think that that video is. funny watch my breakdown video. of it and and i think you'll understand. if you don't understand like i see a lot. of people say like about that. video like wow i didn't even think this video. would be funny but i see the way. chris broke it down this. is [ __ ] hilarious uhhuh. if after you see my breakdown video. of it and don't think it's funny. well i don't know what we have. nothing we have nothing for each other. breakdown video you know yeah like it's uh i broke down the funniest. video on the internet. which is the chocol cant. video you think that's the funniest. video you've ever seen on the internet. it's up there yeah it's funny. yeah i i i yes actually yes i i never laughed. there's one video that i might have laughed harder. at but i think that that the chocolate. croissant video is the video i've laughed the absolute yeah i think chocolate dude. i laughed going to. sleep and then woke up laughing. so crazy i woke up in the bed. laughing i i i actually did like i i'm like and the bed. shake and i'm like i wonder if kristen could feel it. wow dude it i i found that so funny. yeah and i just i just i got to. meet that guy oh i'm sure ch. well you only get one. all right all right i'm sure. he'd be the [ __ ] up with the lights. just coming in like that is it's unbelievable. dude yeah yeah all right. yeah i'd say let's watch it. but you're chris from denver. here love you guys thank. you for existing the show always brings us a smile. to my face i need some advice. i am a house. cleaner and i have a client. who i have already been undercharging. however i like to help. people and i have been okay. with that um so yesterday. i went and clean for this. gentleman and i'm supposed. to go for 3. hours every time and i finished everything. 10 minutes early that being said. when he paid me he deducted. off the 10 minutes that i didn't stay. despite everything being completed and his. home being clean and organized am. i being dramatic for being a little upset. that he to. deduct that or was it. right because i'm supposed to. stay for 3 hours not the leaving. 10 minutes early no dude. what a dick so nuts. who would even real i wouldn't. even realize that's true that's a good. point i'd be like oh my place is c clean. amazing what if i mean just think about being that way. yeah how m the misery. that guy wakes up with in his heart. you know could you [ __ ] literally actually pinching pennies dude. i bet there's way more people like that. than we realize too yeah. that's fine but but what are we talking. about eight bucks like what. are we talking about it. well no it the the the job. got done i know well the answer. of course i agree. with that but i'm saying how much is he even saving. by doing that well that's relative though. to somebody the job got done. period of course you know what i'm saying like and you pay what you pay you don't it's not an hourly. gig well it's once you've established what you pay. someone doesn't matter if they take two. or four hours you pay. them what you pay them. yeah so under that under his logic. dude under his logic what. if she was like well it's really extra dirty. today i'm going to. take 5 hours would she get paid. [ __ ] time and a half. for that [ __ ] according to. him that would be the case. but that's that's obviously not what. he would pay yeah how about this. what if it takes 3. hours and 4 minutes. exactly does he get another. 10 minutes worth because of the [ __ ] or or or because if not so then you have to. be finished exactly on the 3 hour. mark which is a ludicrous. that's crazy no this is this. guy is completely wrong you're already. undercharging him yeah exactly saying like that's the worst. part argu yeah well he may. not know that but maybe yeah but but you got to. say hey listen the job. is the job you pay. for the job you don't pay for. the time it takes it. happens to take 3 hours. because you have this big of a house. and that's as much as this. cause if i fish. in two hours and fish. in four hours you still get paid. the same dude if my maid finishes. earlier than she usually does. my first exactly my thought. is great peace and [ __ ] quiet. earlier than i expected it yes yes i'd pay extra. to make it go quicker. my thought isn't oh all right. i give her [ __ ] four bucks. less let's see how much i saved. yeah yeah exactly first what. are you looking at what you're looking. at me like that i just glanced at your shirt. you went like this i just glanced at your shirt. without moving face what about. it i was just looking at your shirt. instead of your face for one. second what about it. though what about what what about. my shirt caught your eye. i don't know i was looking at the horse. face i guess there's a horse. face on it yeah it's right. there dude uh yeah i was looking at it. and i it caught my eye. because it it's it's artistically. cool ah so now we get to. the nittygritty you would appreciate that's not nittygritty. you would dude oh dude. come on you appreciate. i understand yes i understand. i appreciate the question but it's not. we didn't get to. the nittygritty of anything. we got to the nuts. and bolts we the nooks. and crannies i looked. at your shirt i looked. at the horse face. you should have been like this. is what would have happened. why did you look. at my shirt i just happened. to look at the horse. face oh why didn't she say. that first then because you said you said something. that made me think like what. are you what are you getting. at here you were like you were like oh like you thought. i was asking like what's the problem. yeah yeah yeah the way. you did it you did. it very you did it. that way okay well i was just kind of like i wanted. to know why because i caught your eye. catching the horse face. okay and then i thought well what is there. something on my shirt. okay is there a hole. in it somewhere like is he just admiring. it is he just i was admiring. thank you great that's great. that's what i wanted to. know this is the way. we interact all the time. um i i think that uh yeah. okay she's the most nobody has ever been. as a caller submission on. this show nobody's ever been more. in the right i would agree. to be like would agree. perplexed at what some did. i would agree that that's that's crazy. if you act like that in the world. stop no one likes you no. one likes you if you act. like that i mean maybe he's like straight. up autistic or something which in case. sure but even if look dude. if that's the case all the more reason. to bring it up. with him right true. very good i have an i have a couple. autistic friends that are like if i do something that's x y. or z please tell me mh you. know uh they don't know the [ __ ] doing okay. on you know they're not doing. on purpose anym right right. hi chris and mat. love watching your podcast chris. we saw you in salt lake. city you were on fire. we hope you come again. she's more than one. person my question for you. guys today is about one. of my closest girlfriends who is. incredible human being and wonderful loyal. friend but makes absolutely terrible. decisions when it comes. to men uhhuh i'm familiar she dives all in immediately. up front and she sacrifices. everything to give everything. to this relationship and then it's usually with emotionally. unavailable men and so she has just started dating. someone been reluctant to. even talk to her. about it because i have a feeling it's the same. repeat situation so the update. is is that she is engaged he is officially. proposed she's wearing a ring she just bought. a house oh with her. money okay and has consolidated her assets. and has a wedding date. set and ask me. to be the ma. of honor okay do i blindly support her. happiness or do i share. with her what i'm concerned about. well help me well well said but well hold on it's not either. or you can do both. you can say you're my best. friend of course i'll be your ma. of honor but i have real concerns. about your relationship and i would like you to. hear do i let her live or do. i kill her um it's not one. or the other necessarily you know. yeah but hold on she's basing. it off of her history she didn't necessarily say. this guy i i think what i heard was it. was implied that it's also that guy but maybe you're right. actually i but i i can't imagine her calling in if he's an exception. right right right but i guess. i i guess i was wondering how long they've been together. but but i guess it doesn't matter. yeah no yeah but um yeah i i think i don't know. people are just going to. do what they're going. to do when it comes. to love but which is why. i think you should be her. man of honor you can't. be like got to. be you got to. be of h but you say like i you know. i know your your track record's kind of and i see maybe that this. could be happening and i just as your friend. wanted to say this love. to be your made of honor. of course but also i hope you're not doing. the thing that you know. going to and and i and i love you. dude yeah and and i love you. so anyway here we go. do it right before the wedding. m no do it when they say does. anybody whatever they do people even actually say that. at weddings do do officiator actually say that. say what speak now or forever. hold your pece that whole bit. mhm i don't know is that. even real did they say. that yours i don't know. maybe i mean wow back tracking. so hard i know they say it. really they're all they're different yeah. yeah it's i think it's a oh. yeah is it a catholic. thing i don't know it. is a catholic thing. yeah cuz i saw it. once on a video and and uh it the whole thing. it was the reason why it was a video was because someone did no because the lights. went out wait what it was. like on america's fun home. videos or something so i know. forever hold your piece and lights. wow yeah yeah so anyway so that was obviously. god god spoke or g. god god uh spoke now yep and forever. held his peace mh. yep so there you go. i forever hold my peace. you know what i'm saying nope. all right i think i know what you're talking. about but no all right. all right next one next i've seen him. hello christopher and matthew i sent. in a uh submission a couple. weeks ago while i was having a poop. oh yeah right you guys both. told me to. say [ __ ] instead anyways i have a new one for you today and it's more of uh am i the [ __ ] because once this happened i wasn't sure if i was just being a prick or not but it just happened literally i'm driving away right now from it oh jee great i was rolling through the timmies this morning over here in canada and um i ordered a chipotle rap without chipotle cuz uh it's gross. and i said put catch up. inste so that's even more g. what when i rolled up. to the window they said oh they gave me my. coffee oh you're rap. we made it with chipotle. oh no and then she goes do. you want us to. make a new one. that's how she worded it do you want us to. make a new one. oh and i was like why. instantly i'm thinking in my head if i say yes i'm an [ __ ] and if i go no it's fine you know she she put the wait on me do you want us to. make a new one. are you going to. be a prick that's yeah anyway. i guess but i wouldn't even think. i was like yeah i was like oh yeah i don't watch a p. like and she was like okay. and kissed her teeth. no that's different no because she screwed up. or they screwed up yeah and then it comes. back like two seconds later and it was it. was right my theory is she has two options. one is give me the wrap. with the chipotle and don't say. anything and i'll drive away. mad and probably eat it. anyways cuz it's fat you know. or um just make if they she sees. it's wrong then just go back'll. be like no he want it. let's out chipotle and make it right. and then give it to. me those are the only options. but to ask me. if i want my rap. the way i ordered it. he's completely right yeah dead on come. also i don't i we didn't say. don't say poop we said don't say. poo yeah exactly but dead. on you're dead on dude. yeah it's uh it's that. is such a [ __ ] thing to. do yeah you really want you. want us to. do the thing you asked. for uh yeah i asked for it. what do you mean. nothing changed i i wouldn't even think about and i always always think about this. the different situ. i would be like oh well i'm not nal that's what. i asked for so yeah. no yeah definitely you want. me to redo it. oh yeah i don't eat chipotle. or what if you're allergic to. it i don't know i know no. i don't eat that [ __ ] yeah you know what as a matter of fact give me that. one too now i want. a free one right. yeah give me the one. that you're going to. throw away throw up later so much uh what is he talking about though. chipotle ketchup what where timmy i think. tim from timmies tim hort. oh dude if you're canadian. and you say timy. you and you're talking to. somebody who's not from canada. you absolutely have to. specify yeah i knew you. weren't going to know. what the [ __ ] it was and i knew it. was cuz i've been canada. so much dude i mr canada. there are tim hortons literally everywhere go in canada. yeah but but yeah i but i know. that and i have gone there and i have seen. way more tim hortons than you okay. i mean i believe you you. know i would bet it's not. even close you can have that. one how many tim mor. you think you've seen a dozen. that's it worst thing to. gloat about you know. ask how many you think you've seen. hundreds hundreds of timmy timmy no doubt. all right well then hundreds of timmies. you got me beat man. hundreds of timmies all right. get mr ketchup off the off the screen. so you think chip mr. ketchup you think clue. so you think it was mr. ketchup with the chipotle in the in the drivethru. um so do you think that uh wow oh marco. so satisfied with that joke. what do what do do he just go. i in the drive he goes. nailed it nailed it he. he literally just goes like this. the drivethru really brought it. home yep he got the location. too like he went like that. he did it right. so do you think that uh well oh marco. so satisfied with that joke. you know and so it was mr. ketchup with the chipotle in the drivethru. brother his reaction to. that was so funny was he on. camera yeah okay okay. we got to put it. up there um so uh wow just satisfaction. just not even laughing just well. and i'll give it and satisfaction. so sometimes that's the funniest that's the best. joke to make yes i understand. i understand you know. okay you cut me. off before i said the thing. but yeah i understood so uh yeah if you get chipotle. burrito from by the way i don't how come every place now is just going to. be every place yeah i agree you know it's like remember when dunkin donuts. you go you get only donuts. yeah it was great. at mcdonald's you could get a cheeseburger. yeah yeah starbucks was coffee. now you can go get a chee cheeseburger. at starbucks like it's just [ __ ] up dude yes yes yes yes every place is every place every place is is every place with the risk of sounding like a lauren hill lyric every place is every place uh pretty much yeah why is it like that what what what. is that money what's crazy. is that the more specialized. i give 100 million reasons why. they do that specialized a place. is the more likely it is. to be good and i think everybody. kind of knows that the more. you do one the more you increasing. like the letter the less. things you make the more likely those things are to. be good eddie eddie murphy is hilarious. he sang party all the time. that wasn't a big. hit you know what i mean. okay don't do singing just do the thing. oh i had no no clue. where you were going. with that you ever heard of the bacon. brothers uh kevin yeah and yeah exactly. they sing kevin bickin just be an invisible. them yeah they got so many actors are like no. i'm a musician too. i know dude k reeves is in a [ __ ] band now i don't know my sense. is keano is doing that. not to like he seems like someone. who wants to be in a band. because that's just what's up. he does except for the fact. that yes and i would say that. true but dude you never know. no i know that's why. i pref i mean there are people that are i know. people who everyone just all. all the fans think that they're the salt. of the earth and they're just a [ __ ] yeah we talked about this. and i couldn't agree more and i and and it's it's like it's just so weird. yeah well dude i just and i have a rep. of being a dick. i'm a nice person yeah. so that's unfair yeah. of course but it's all i wish it. would change okay man. you know get into. therapy session uh i just thought of something i want for to. talk about uh un. luxury anthony do the billy bob. thoron uh radio thing oh yeah yeah it's a good one. uh speaking of uh actors thinking they're brilliant. musicians my god uh all right. yeah let's do another one. what's up chr this is. matt coming from wisconsin matt. oh best name ever so the other day. i was watching a comedy. and i was just busting. out laughing and laughing out loud. and i look over at my wife. who's not laughing at all. great so i said what you don't. think this is funny and she said i'm laughing. on the inside cool. love it now this is something. i've never heard of doesn't make any sense. to me is is this. a thing yes laughing on. the inside yeah it's what. he just did you're literally sitting there. like this i'm here to. tell you could be laughing. on yeah he just did. it just did it maybe every time. matt's looking at chris just staring at him. maybe he's really laughing. on inside he's he's think. of choking me oh that. is too cute come on how does mom. laugh on the inside. she laughs on the inside. just like this oh my god oh my god. come on exactly chris. we're going to be seeing you in. green bay look forward. to that i'll be the guy. sitting next to. the girl who's sitting there like this. that's a great submission thanks. guys had an arc to. it wow and a surprise ending that. kid is so cute. yeah it's a really cute. little boy right there. man um i love that. he reminds me of calvin. yeah he did me. too um uh yeah uh yeah it that's the real. thing i do it people. will be like matt laugh. and i'll be like first of all shut the [ __ ] up cuz nothing makes you want to. not laugh not even like it's not even. like an antiauthority thing. it's like putting someone on the spot. saying laugh at that they're never going. to laugh starting with that. but also dude i'm like i'm enjoying it. i don't need to. be like having my [ __ ] smile on and guffing to. be enjoying something let me let me enjoy it. be yeah like let me live be. you know what i'm saying yeah. so cuban yeah but uh to. be like it's basically you're you're it's a version. of oh that's funny you're saying it. you know but you're not even. saying it also though. yes but also sometimes [ __ ] is so funny to. me that it like goes over. the hill of of laughter. and it's already on the other side. i'm like i can't believe how funny. that is i can't even believe how funny. that is okay yeah i wow. yeah exactly yeah yeah especially you know. if you think you're a student of comedy. which you you know if you think you are. then you think you are and then when something like happens. and you just go oh all right. well that's just great m you know. yeah laughing at the something. maybe they should call it. something different laughing. on the inside is. not great yeah but uh cuz you can't. do that physically right but like yeah that that's it's like a oh i love that show. it's so funny but you sit and watch the whole. show and you don't laugh. that that's something it is yeah. you know it is um definitely as a matter. of fact sometimes if you're watching it. alone you won't laugh but if you're watching it. with like five people you. would right you know. what find laughter a lot. of times it's sh experience heard a lot. of people say that. i laugh a lot alone. but i think a lot. of people like that yeah i do too. i laugh a lot alone. i laugh a lot alone. even not looking at anything. i'm a crazy person you know. what i mean sometimes i'm just in the car. and i'm just like cuz i'm thinking of something. totally crazy yeah yeah. i just go and i go what and i go. nothing and then uh but um but yeah that's something. and and and um here's what i thought. though don't ever lie. about laughing on the inside. don't do that well yeah. cuz you're you have so much. power technically you can lie. i'm on the inside hey. yeah no it's like the it's like an unwritten. rule of uh societal engagement you don't lie. about that i fair i i. don't think it's funny i i it's it's okay. it's good i get why you think it's funny. but whatever you know yeah. or yeah why aren't you laughing. well i didn't think it was funny. it's all right yeah yeah yeah don't abuse. the laugh christ christen did. that thing did that the other day. where she was like she was. like look at this and i was like nah. babe that come on she's maybe done that it's maybe i can't even think of another. time she's done that i'm confused. as to what you're saying. she sent me a video uhuh. and i was like oh come on babe. that's not oh oh yeah yeah um and uh i was surprised. because it would almost be like you doing. that right like i i don't think you've ever done. that yeah she she's we're so like on the level. and it was just so off the mark it. was like almost on the mark but it was too. much and then it was like ah yeah pushed. it too far maybe we found maybe somebody stole her phone. and kidnapped her and was texting. you and pretending to. be her uhhuh then that's not what happened. i hope i hope that's not what happened. cuz i had sex with her. oh no then that's not what happened. it wouldn't have been her since. then yeah i hope it's not a guy. who did it yeah well that would have been a whole. thing they would have had to. take over her body make themselves. up to look like her. that wouldn't work i don't. think yeah i'd know. you yeah you wait a second. are you a dude. oh no say something hi. oh i should have asked should. have talked beforehand yeah all right. um you don't think that joke's. funny next uh all right. next one so hey christen matt. my name is mandy. i'm from utah um somebody big. longtime fan show about. the situation that i'm in right. now with my older brother is kind of funny. i mean um i married. his best friend a huge pop. star we've been married almost 8. years um in the beginning when we were dating. my brother was super against it. date let alone like hardly know. each other but we did we dated and we fell in love and we got married. in 2007 at our. wedding he then flipped. the script and was saying that. he hooked us up and you know. was funny total bro that way but he wasn't he was super. hardcore against it and just recently. at a family dinner he was talking about. how i stole his best. friend from him oh my god so i'm just wondering getting. crazy different am i in the wrong. or is he holding a grud. for what what would you be. in the wrong about is she in the wrong. she means is she wrong. in assuming is he holding a grudge. oh do we think that's what. i think she said i don't think it's said he's holding a grudge. it's more like he just he never it. never sat right with him. and he never like put it away. in his mind dude. he's a guy he just isn't thinking. about it enough and he's just like yeah. right yeah talking you know. what i mean but it's clearly affecting. him in a way that is making him. act like an ass about. it yeah kind of i mean. it's not the worst but it's just like it's making him. [ __ ] do this it's affecting her enough to. that she wants to. come to this. to us for advice. like that is what he's doing. is pretty normal for a brother. guy i think i mean. he might do he might be doing it. to a to. a more extreme degree. than normal but to. be like oh man. no my best friend's going. to date my sister and then they get married. it's like well it's all thanks. to me and then every now and then at dinner being like oh you stole my best. friend that's like so such something. a guy would do a brother. of a sister is so it's essence. of guy by that same. token right it's so something a sister would do to. to be feel the way. she feels about it. 100% if if if if it was a some gay [ __ ] or whatever and you did it and i was the brother of you which i am but you were gay and you were you know what i mean you were doing it with a the guy with my best friend. a guy but i don't [ __ ] him but you do right and you're so gay. right you're the bottom like he's just plowing you i think you're adding details that. don't matter and you love. it like you're the you're the you're the you can't. get enough of it like you're like four. or five times a day. you need like a load a full load. okay man st saying load. so many times episode so and uh like you [ __ ] every room. in your house and so and you christen it. you say like we have to. christen it like every every day. though right mh and so got it. like not just when you first moved there. and so uh i get completely what i was going. to say that's what you get dude. that's 100% what you get oh. yeah i and i i wouldn't give a [ __ ] even if i thought if if you thought i felt a certain way. about if you thought why do you always say that. because you're like this dude. you're liter like this why do you think it's so. funny because it's so true. dude well i mean i've just known you. guys for so long you know. you're still doing this [ __ ] yeah yeah this is your telling the story it wasn't that close it was like this. no no no whatever anyway i'm trying. to remember dude. uh uh what i was going. to say and and and and i was saying to. you you stole my best friend. doing what the [ __ ] the brother's doing you wouldn't no think about you'd be like oh all right. yeah no i wouldn't yeah yeah okay. so there there lines. the point that's your only point. yeah is no my point. is what is confirming what you said. oh about right right. a sister she's being a sister and he's being a brother hey guys be a little bit more. androgynous and everything's going to. be fine i get why. it wouldn't bother her. though i do because it's like especially if they've been married. a while it's like stop making that. joke even if it is just a joke. like how many years how long have they been married. like he's still going to. like make some like joke. in front of all. your friends about like you stole my best. friend once they get married. the jok's up they're married. they love each other yeah. stop making the jokes nobody stole anyone. they they're more important than you. are with her with him. yeah right yeah he's not your friend. anymore it's her husband yes right. yeah that's why you met. him that's what i was saying. about the initial thing it's like maybe he just it's like this. thing that he never really. put away in his mind and it really does. still bother him a little bit. because if he's still making these jokes. it's like dude well he's got to. get he's wrong though yeah. also like i have exes and i i think it's kind of weird. to date your friends. exes right after but if that happens. you better marry her. or otherwise there's always gonna be weird. between us i think but that's so weird. you did that you better. be bang on write on the money. marry her because then i was wrong. even dating her how soon and i'm glad. you met how soon it. doesn't matter it what i'm saying. is what's like the time. what like you're saying soon. after right after a month too oh okay. yeah you know yeah that's so soon. after yeah can't do that. yeah i i i understand. but if somebody if i broke up. if i broke up. with someone and then a month. or two later one. of my best friends. started dating her i would be like what. the [ __ ] yes but if they ended up getting married. i would be like oh okay. that that's yes to. that as well that you know. then the the whole reason. why they met was how that's how they should have. met because they're good. together and i would i would even if i wasn't over it. i'd have to. be like i'm the problem. here mh and and i would try to. be friends with the guy. still not her though um depends thought about it. really thought about it and you gave a real. honest answer it's good is g. is she somebody who slores it. up wow or is she somebody. slore you know wow. or is she was her body. count four no i i'. still be friend if her body counts. four okay because she's obviously very picky. and she just happened to. love me and whoopsy daisy loved him. too but sling it up. your body count upward upward of 5060. uhhuh not even that 80. plus all right what about all. the people like everyone between 4. and 80 also why does that. matter if you're still going to. be friends with because it matters. because it's like you know if you've had sex. with 80 plus people you can oh whoops. i fell in love and that's actually just as strong. as regular love right. it catches you off. guard but what are you doing. don't don't do it right. after we dated yes no so i'm saying like don't don't be. so so willynilly with who you're dating. if you're going to. whoops fall in love cuz you're slowing it. up 80 plus but what is the 80. plus i don't get what that. has to do with i i know. i know what it is because you just happen. to be you're careless. you date whoever my point. is if you've only dated four people and you consciously. are like uh i shouldn't date. his friend but i i really think that we have a connection. and i'm going to. do it anyway that's way. better yeah than somebody who's dated a hundred dudes that's like his friend. who gives a [ __ ] i'm going. to do it of yeah. is that what you're saying. oh then yeah yeah i agree yeah yes got out. of that one dude. that was tough yeah woo. got it dude. on so much coke. i did it dude. i did it so good. man i'm honestly proud of myself. it would have been so much. better if you did it. the first time i understood it right. and here here we go. i 100% [music] disagree. how how is that possible. indian chief because because it made for great. bant sick and then also. we were having a good. time all right all right enough. said enough said sold sold. all right one more hey guys i have a question. um my boyfriend and i are about eight. years apart and we moved to. a new city together. and we've been here for a couple. years and then that time. we've made a lot of new friends. most of them i've made through. him so like the youngest. of our friends is probably eight. years older than me. is eight years old. i'm 26 i now have a friend. group of girls and all of us. are between like i said they're either. eight to like 20 years. older than me and sometimes. they'll bring up my age. and it really irritates me. um because it really has nothing to. do with the kind of person. that i am or anything. that we have in common. but for some reason. they tend to. bring it up in conversation. quite a bit that i'm 26. i'm the young one etc. how should i combat this with my friends. not in like an aggressive way. but in a way that just kind of puts. an end to talking. about how i'm younger. than them think that's well first of all. just so you understand they're jealous. of you probably so understand. that as like the the bed. of the foundation of where it's all. coming from and you already will. be less upset so there's that but does it really bother. you enough to the point. that you like want to. have some retort at the ready like it's not they're not insult. am i misunderstanding she's not. being insulted is she i mean. it's kind of insulting unless they're like. oh we don't listen. to you you're too. young we don't care that's [ __ ] just rude but if they're just commenting on your age. i don't see what the problem. really is like what's the what's what's an example. of a thing that would be cuz she didn't. give one what what would. be what she would say. that's that they would say. to her that would be mean. about her age like what. could you say to. a 26y old that is mean. about their like it's just being 26. is ideal right it's better. than being 46 it's better. better than being 34 yeah not better. like in a qualitative way but it's better. to be younger just in general. i mean well maybe they're saying something. like oh you wouldn't know. because that's what i'm saying. then that's shitty yeah right. uh you be like well well you're going. to die first right. yeah so it's all good. yeah something like that at least. i get to see uh uh uh transcendence when it. happens at least i get to. see you know um the singularity yeah singularity that's not that. good of a rort though. you know because i be like at least i get to. see singularity um i don't know a good i don't think you should do. that i don't think you should engage. in some kind of like retort i mean. yeah just be like yo i'm not. 12 yeah yeah the best. thing to do in that. kind of [ __ ] is to. be like why you always why. you always bring that. up just put it right. right directly back at them. sometimes when you have like a retort at the ready. a comeback the pettiness even if it's a good one. the pettiness is just like off. to the [ __ ] racist that's true. you can just immediately kind of like put a mirror. off to whoever said it. face be like why do you you. do that a lot like what is that. like i don't know what to. say you could even say that. dude you could be like i don't i don't know what to. say when you say like what. is your what are you saying. like who cares a dude. i already see how this is going. to go though they're going to. be like oh i didn't realize i do that. a lot i don't do that. a lot and they're going. to be like yeah you do. and you're like win and you be like oh [ __ ] i hate when people ask. for examples you know i know yeah. but then if that's the case. unfortunately maybe have of examples. ready yeah write it all. down dude you obviously have examples. you're calling in show them. this episode be like here's my example. yeah yeah yeah it was so many. times i did this have a stenographer. get hire a stenographer. yeah and then god i need one i need a stenographer. there should be government appointed stenographers for each person. yeah dude i just figured out. the unemployment crisis the jobs. crisis government hire all unemployed. people to follow around. other people actually he said yeah. yeah exactly yeah yeah yeah i guess. i say like my wife right. now is like you know. i have an electric bike. uh shout out to. what's the company that. made it um [ __ ] wow just put it under in big yeah this company shout out to. this company right there. boom they're great the bike. is awesome and um uh the battery's gone. the i lost the battery. just it's somewhere in the garage oh oh and and you know. it's not me because you know. how much my wife moves. stuff around okay how big is the battery. it's not oh oh i see. yeah okay and so uh i and she's like it. 100% wasn't me so i'm like well who else honestly. could it be are there. other even candidates jericho okay. yeah but also it's not jericho. okay i didn't that is something. that i i for entertainment. purposes we don't even need to. bring her into. it because i'm telling you it's just me and my wife. do you know what i'm saying. you i got to. keep so when you were like could it be anyone. else it's like that's not what this. is here what i'm saying. is why not how was i supposed. to know that that's not what it. is though you know like i mean. because it could be calvin. but it's not calvin why not. though nah oh okay don't like it i don't like any where this. conversation is going okay. man i didn't realize i was stepping. on no no no it's okay. i mean it's good. you know it's good why. did we start talking about the battery. though my point is the stenographer. if i could be like oh look right. yeah you know yeah yeah. yeah this is actually where you put the battery. just set up cameras that only you know. where they are watch them. all every day so laborious so you know exactly. what so tax kristen did. all day every day tax so anytime she says i didn't do that. you could say oh you didn't do. that or anytime she says i did do that. and she didn't you say oh you did. do that oh really let me let me show. you something i'll be back. in 8 hours let me check the footage. not sleeping at all no. you wa no what i'm saying. is you watch every day's footage. before you interact with her. so you know exactly what you did. and didn't do got it. got it yeah okay so that's how that goes all. right well there you go. uh so our patreon patreon dot com. luxury it's it's a great time. over there and um we're going to. shoot one right now and then also uh i'm going. to be in uh well we got the lifeline. live show on irvine and then i got the light i got a bunch of shows. get in there stup wise. and then i got uh petersburg st. petersburg chattanooga charleston west virginia and then australia. adelaide uh sydney and melbourne. and also uh auckland new zealand. so anyway go to. chr dot com nice uh did. you say patreon now did you talk. about the patreon i did. all right yeah and uh subscribe. to my solo podcast. private record it's pimp ping about it. about it baby baby. and uh you want the merch. go to lifeline merch dot com. and cop it get it. on your body of course if you want to. be on this show go. to watch lifeline dot com to. submit your video or go. to the hotline. you will find the number. in the description below thank you hello. hello hello hello hello hello hello hello 