 we are finding the defendant. like this turns it around. it just says guilt it's a beautiful. a beautiful painting of the defendant. in prison just like this. with one shaft of light. for me drunk [music] we're rolling rolling rolling. rolling rolling rolling rolling an a.d rolling rolling rolling that's what i want. to ask you about because we're just talking about. this started before the air. before the error airing of this. podcast what i want to. know is if you were gonna get a tattoo and you have some right. if you were gonna get a tattoo um and you could do it. efficiently like say you want to. get a chess piece rather. than sitting there for 10. hours or 15 20. hours total whatever depending on the the intricacy. of the chest piece if you could just go. and just and you're done. with lasers would you rather. do that is it all everything. is the same everything's exactly. the same i mean the obvious. i know i know and it would not. no besides like people that read and subscribe. to inked mac right. nobody i okay i would too i would go in and go i would do. that right but i would feel cheaper. about it would you well to. find that like i would feel like it's not. as good even even take everyone. else i'm not even counting. like you didn't even you wouldn't even. have to tell anybody that. you did the laser [ __ ] still is it. cheaper though like is it chintzier. or like worse or no. no well well they don't do. it yet i know there's no. flying cars okay so i'm just saying in this. hypothetical though is it actually. cheaper or worse. no everything is the same. and i would not know then i would not no. only if it was actually worse. or there was an argument to. be made that it was actually. worth there's not then no it's better. in fact because you save time. exactly that's why i would do it. yeah i just feel like it's ingrained in me. that you have to. sit there and take it which is so stupid. but that's only because that's true. what that's the only way. to get a tattoo yeah that's true. i feel like if it well okay if all of a sudden. you could laser tattoos on on. and it would be exactly. the same people would do it there. would be a huge community that. was like oh you ain't. people who subscribe to inked. mag right but that's true. of literally every single thing. yes i know there's a community. they're like i know the new ways. i know that stupid i know. i know i know but um that. sucks that that's ingrained in me even. though i i don't even agree. with it yeah i have something i want to. talk to you about too. okay get on my mind. oh do you are you done. yeah i guess so do you maybe would lead to. something else but do you think that i'm not. going to talk about this. is not like a political. question it's going to. start out sounding like i know. i talk about in my in my in my show. bleep that out um and it's not political. and i can tell sometimes. people clap because they are political. about i'm like dude. it's not political right boobs i like the bleep. out that i said that. word all of you who do that. okay so go ahead um that's crazy. we have to believe that. we do yeah so i'm so i've i'm actually. in the driver's seat right. now so i'm in the drive. receiver go ahead so um joe biden is as of now. running and i gotta believe that. and that's all you said yeah. and i he's like struggling the polls. him and trump are neck. and neck whatever who cares right. repeat um yeah exactly three pete you know. what i mean uh no i don't but um he would win. i believe yeah he would win. in by a significant margin job. if he did one very simple. thing okay you know the song. i can already tell this. is not political you know. this song i'm so excited yeah. i'm so excited sure. if he this is already so wrong. no i believe it though. nothing with this so so excited thing. so you know how trump had the ymca thing. like he would do oh wow. so corny but he would do the guys offense. right okay but it became a whole. thing stop talking about bleeping things. no a sensor the fcc uh if joe biden came out to. i'm so excited but sang actually sang yeah. i'm joey biden he might win. my vote back right. right right right right because he does not have my vote. okay well relax because i said we're not gonna apologize. i know that but uh but i just want. to say and yeah so if he did if he did that. he would win so i'm not a pundit. um he would be like i'm wait. who and he'd have his aviators on and he would do that. and he would win so take my advice. don't take it it's up. to you but if you want. to win i know his aids. i'll watch this show so uh pass. that along to. him put it on the thing. but also um the white house. huge fan yeah the white. house loves lifeline put on the thing. on the tv um well that's weird. he's not here he's probably unloading. right when we start. the show he was here the whole. time anthony within the first 10. minutes leaves his station. he does doesn't he he because he he goes. about he goes to. the bathroom dude i don't even think he goes. to the bathroom to. go to the bathroom. i think he goes to. the bathroom and i think he like order. shirts orders more shirts. look at this phone utilities. so all right it's episode. 77 what up my babies. uh go sign up for lifeline. luxury it's actually on him. popping over there lifeline luxury. uh uh patreon dot com lifeline. luxury um i'm gonna be in cleveland. oops i'm going to. be in pittsburgh oops i'm going. to be in uh virginia. oops i'm gonna be in baltimore. oops i'm gonna be in reading. oops i'm gonna be in sylvania. oops so go to. chrisley dot com and get tickets. for that man the show's. been on and popping baby. on own and popular they look like they've been crazy. lately yeah they've been pretty crazy. man they've been really great. houses everybody's clapping everybody's going. crazy yeah yeah it's like you're the rolling stones well yeah. you know but not really though. because i keep my shirt. on and um well i do kind of look. like that guy a little bit. what's his name the lead. guy oh you don't know. mick jagger's mick jagger wow mr jagger i mean um also uh you want advice is from matt go. to mattelia dot com. he'll have a oneonone sashi mcdeshi. with him oh well at delia dot com. yeah if you got a question. go down in the link. below and uh go to. watch lifeline dot com or go click or you can also call. in with the hotline. uh and the merch. is awesome i think my favorite. thing is the purple. hoodies the purple hoodie. is my favorite lifelinemerch dot com. i can't wait for it. to get colder a little bit more. so i can start wearing it again. but it is it is the best. piece of merch in the thank you. very much whoa elvis um yeah dude. i uh i i okay so well so insecure. well let me tell you something. right now though okay i'm not insecure. okay that's don't we wouldn't want. to say that right. i wouldn't because i would go crazy. okay um but it was insecure. but you look and he was doing it. wrong he left his station. and something was wrong. great great great great great. [music] so you uh have a really you put an outfit together. man did you mean. to uh did i do mean. to match my colors yes i do yeah. but enough it makes me. uncomfortable when i here's the two things. i can do oh boy. i can no no my fiance i can. streamline i know chris marco. my outfit okay and with the color. color wise right right. so a match generally speaking. like this is obviously yellow. or neon yellow and gray. and i have this hat. on and gray shoes. so it's like i can do that. or i mean that's not something that that's very easy. but or i can completely have like a disarray go. against the traditional color. scheming and just have like nine colors and. just be basically you dress. like patch adams like i fell into. my closet a few things ended up. on my body and then i got out. and didn't even look wow. but i cannot okay have like i generally match. but there's one thing off i can't do that. yeah it's slightly it's like a rock. in the shoe it. bothers me i agree though. oh okay i agree i think uh like i had on different. shoes here i have on this. ollie's kingston new york. pizza thing i went there. i have this shirt on and i was gonna wear these uh orange. shoes but it didn't really match. with this right so i walked was that red what is it. right it's like kind of pinkish orange. i'm just like i look at it. i'm just like a teacher. and so it looked right. i had to put these on because they matched. better because i had on a little bit of orange. shirts on uh orange shoes. on it was like this. and it just looked weird. oh that would that would be all right. for me i think yeah. yeah well you're not as fashion. forward as i am right. i mean that's can we all. agree possibly true we definitely have. very different styles thank god um but yeah now you have actually not bad. calves what you don't have bad. calves okay why do i have bad. calves i don't even know what a bad. calf would be what what makes mine not. bad they're not that skinny oh really. i mean i have really skinny. weird legs don't i well little didn't you. look at me and you go. oh he's on stilts. oh you have weirder legs. than me i mean i never my knees. go backwards like a trex like a chicken. dude mine do too they when i stand. when he's locked they go. oh right i show you they curve. the wrong way yeah [ __ ] boy right. nope um all right well. let's get into some stuff. dude um but uh we have a great. time go to. lifeline luxury dot com or no. sorry uh patreon dot com lifeline. luxury to. join lifeline luxury and uh get the episode. words on patreon that are only on patreon. exclusively on patreon and here. we go what's up. matt what's up chris love. the podcast chris i saw you when you were in denver. it was an awesome. show anyways today my question. is regarding my marriage. and my friend in prison. oh my god so i have a good. friend who's been in prison. for the last i think three years. and i'm getting married. next august now a couple years. ago i told him. that he could be at our wedding. and we would wait to. have the wedding until he got out. problem is wedding stuff is so crazy. that you have to. book it yeah so far out. yeah that we couldn't wait. another year to. do it and honestly it's kind of trashy. to hold a wedding. for one guy in person. that's not even family. you know what i mean. how do i tell him. he calls every once in a while and i still haven't brought it. up i don't know how to. tell him any advice would be great. thank you so what i don't. understand yet is it's so hard. to book stuff so he has to. book stuff soon did you understand. what he was saying yeah. it's really annoying that you would. get hung up on that. but i do understand. what you're saying okay so what does. he mean by that though. that's annoying that i would get hung up. on that yeah because it doesn't matter. you know ultimately yeah yes but if we're dealing with somebody. who's saying stuff that doesn't matter it. sounds like they didn't know exactly. when he was going. to get out they booked. a date and then to. cancel it now they'd have to. book it even further they're using. deductive reasoning that may be right. but he should have been but that's what we all. do every day all day long we don't do that. we would never get anywhere. if we didn't deduce. things that's pretty much because people never make sense. so because people never make sense. we have to make sense. for them fill in the gaps. that's what we're doing all. day long nonstop literally every time someone speaks i try to. be as specific as i possibly. i know that that's why you're supremely annoying. oh what uh about the guy's advice. i know what you do. you call the guy or the guy. calls you from prison. and say you say hey look man. i know i told you i was gonna wait. for you to get out. uh a prison to. so you could be in my wedding. but the problem is i want to. get married and you're still in prison. and that's a problem you shouldn't. have killed anyone you should dude. how about this how about this and the guy in prison. goes like this you're lucky i'm in here yeah. because if i was out i'd kill you. too yeah that that. is the movie that played out. in my head like you tell him. and he's just like okay. and then he for the next year. he's like throwing darts at photos of your face. like max katie yeah. yeah i mean he's your friend. he'll understand because he's in prison. the guy can't do anything. and i think one thing. that people tend to. deal with probably first when they get sent to. the clink for a long time. is they it sinks in that. they're gonna miss out on life. that happens outside also this is your friend this. is not your mother. yeah it's crazy you know. it's crazy honestly what do. you hey but that you even what are you doing. that you even feel bad at all. is kind of sweet and enough. you know hey bud. he shouldn't have stole that car. or whatever you know i really wonder what he did. i always i'm like he's still a car. you know what i don't know. i fill it in and i go. they stole a car it's possible. i've said this before on this. podcast but there's no way. i could ever i could ever be on a jury. and the reason is i would i would never say guilty you. have said this i know. i would never i just i wouldn't. want that on my own. conscious i don't care i have no. sense of like vengeance on behalf. of other people if someone kills someone. in my family obviously i wouldn't be in the jury. because i'm biased but i would want to. kill them right but like out. in the world it's all. immaterial to me. someone i don't want them. to go to jail i don't want. them to go i get it. i feel like that a lot. a lot i mean i don't care. if they go to. jail because they did something. wrong i don't want it. no i know you're saying yeah. i know what you're saying. um yeah dude get married. man be happy and then when he gets out. or here's another thing you can do. is have the wedding at the prison. yeah imagine the the the the the wife's dad the father. of the bride like not what i expected. but at least he doesn't have to. pay much for it. although many prisons are a lot to. rent out i don't you need. a lot uh security. be like okay so we got a block. of rooms uh it's pretty much cell. block d uh but you wanna. get them quick there's a hotel. in the neighborhood but it's not as nice. i mean like what goes on. in the the guy that called the guy. that's made yeah what goes on. this guy's head so yeah. the knife is like the night. before is like oh man. it was great uh so yeah. everyone's pretty much cool uh your aunt got your aunt got ripped but um wow we gotta believe that. your aunt got shanked. yeah you're yeah your aunt got shanked. uh she's fine she still wants. to come uh can we hurried up. though yeah this isn't kind of a nonproblem. yeah but i i get it. you're probably a little too sensitive though. you got to let this. go you gotta let it go. you can ask for advice. for a reason because we know what's up. we cut through the [ __ ] hey get the wedding. done bro yeah also congratulations yes next all right. dead hand [ __ ] hey matt and chris uh matt i've noticed you and i like a lot of the same stuff. on instagram anytime there's a super weird. person doing something really strange. on instagram reels i can save. back which makes me laugh um my question. today though is a bit. of a random one so i was recently. overseas in europe in a country that the delia family has a bit of heritage in let's just say that i don't want to. dox anyone um but i was at this beach. club and i was taking some photos and footage. i'm a travel photographer so that's what i do. every day i go there. i create content and oftentimes i'll post it. online it'll blow up. for these places that uh and they get a lot. of exposure on this. particular occasion though uh when i was taking footage. and and doing all that kind of thing. that i do every day. uh the club took exception to. it and three of the employees. from this club came zooming up. on motorbikes proceeded to. bash me up take all my camera gear ripped my shirt. uh and held me. hostage for about three hours. two other guys came they were all speaking. in their local language uh laughing. at me belittling me. emasculating me for quite a while. until the cops came eventually and let me go which ended up being just such a nonevent. it was such a weird. situation and something that really like traumatized. me for that day fortunately everything. ended up okay and it ended up not being too. much of a big deal but uh i felt very powerless. yeah um now i'm back home. uh i feel like i have a bit of power. back and i want to. get them back i want to. i want them to. suffer i don't want to. just write a shitty review for them. because they've got plenty of those even though. it's a really nice place. but i really want to. get the owner back this. guy was really mean really rude. he had a rotten soul. and i want to. [ __ ] him over a little yeah um so what can i do to. get them back that isn't too. spiteful but will potentially let them. know that what they did. was not okay without jeopardizing. my safety in the future. when i go back to. that country if you have any ideas. please let me know because what these guys. did to me was really. traumatic at the time wow. and i think they deserve some. kind of recommendation i feel like you guys. will have some good ideas. dude the story made sense. hope you guys have got good. ideas and keep doing what you're doing. crazy dude that's terrible dude. that's crazy and we got connections. we got connections yeah. hey hey dude you don't want to. [ __ ] be from our heritage. where our town is. and where we're from dude. we're connected dude and we'll get you we'll [ __ ] you send us a private link. of of what this [ __ ] place. is and i'll tell you this. much dude hey you ever heard us. uh swim stephen with the fishes. drunk dude that's crazy that's terrible. um that's upsetting man what. is wrong with people what what here's what you. do dude you're a good. he's a good looking guy. he is yeah uh find his wife. and oh and be even if you just flirt. with her yeah even if that's where it ends. yeah the guy you're in the guy's head. even even if it's just that here's what you do. if you end up smashing well a mime. a mine if you're in a smashing. bro yeah huh you have to. say words now do i you're mr. phil's in the gaps i'm just saying it's like bro. this is not cool. that's not cool i don't know. what they did to. them they at least belittled. him is what we heard. no he's they physically roughed him. up yeah that's insane. what is dude what is this. like what dude kill. him pick him up one. by one kill every single one. of them yeah yeah no he's just like or i caught him. so what you want to. do is find out who his wife. is you're a good looking guy. you're obviously better looking than the guy. that owns that place. of course well yeah honestly. nobody good looking is ever. that angry enough to. be like that kind of person. that's true right huh. it's just one of the unfortunate facts. of life is just a ground. level truth people that are good looking are never so mad they want to. rough you up for taking a picture of them. that's why i've never done. that i almost got i almost got roughed up. once i took a picture of a motel. in uh i mean what's up. with taking pictures of places. that nevada and these two tweakers came out. were like were you taking pictures. of i was like the sign. of your motel you're like what's what's the problem. i was like nothing i like the sign of your motel. no like get out of here. man where are you. from i have the california. place you know california like there's no problem. here anywhere at all on any level i mean maybe it was like a drug then i have no idea probably but uh anyway so well stories don't take pictures of places find the guy's wife behind his back. develop a relationship with her online. do the long play yeah yeah yeah and like dm with her. and talk to her. and flirt with her get compromising. pictures of her okay well this is okay. not compromising not to. like mess with her oh but then just get enough. of them huh and send the pictures. send the pictures to. him yeah and then in addition to. sending the pictures of him. send pictures that you took. of his resort at another time. that you got away with so who knows but like don't actually don't send it. from your account just send him. pictures that you took and pictures of his wife. i would love it if he took selfie. went back secretly took selfies of him. at the resort that's just good. yeah and just kept tagging him. yeah yeah yeah that would be good. too there's a number of things. you can do dude. uh it sounds like he'd been there. more than once if you've taken pictures i know they took your camera and [ __ ] it all up which is insanity. what what is what are they protecting. exactly if it's a little beautiful. place exactly this guy takes beautiful. pictures taking pictures of drug. dens yeah no it's it sounds. like there was no problem. to begin with and these guys. were just being but that's what's weird. though is it that's weird. though because if you're in america. if that happens in america. you have you have actionable stuff. you can do after that. right and you probably do in italy. as well you just don't know. where it was right. but um it's a secret you know yeah yeah but we don't know okay. we don't know it. could be anywhere but um but you don't really feel you do. you're a foreigner you don't really. feel like you know uh that. this is something that you can kind of see. through and also you don't know the laws there. but also i mean traumatized you just want. to get out of there. like everybody press charges. and stay there yeah just get out. of there i know right. yeah i totally i totally get why. he would yeah of course no. i know i'm saying no that's that's a nightmare man. god people like that drive me. absolutely they do too yeah. especially foreigners that do it. right i would say because i bleed. red i'm american i would send them. to jail i would send those three guys. to jail how like if i was on. a jury oh got it. calling it back if you're on. the gerissimo yeah yeah a telephone jody. yeah hello we are simo. they come in it's like it's like beautiful. like just like straight up bitchfaced women. and like just like fat cannoli and like dudes you know right. being racist yeah yeah and then just like somebody. realizes it that you can. be so racist towards italians. painting someone painting come in with painting. like beautiful like still life. like a [ __ ] some oranges and [ __ ] with a hat and it just goes like this a guilty we are finding the defendant. like this turns it around. it just says guilt it's a beautiful. a beautiful painting of the defendant. in prison just like this. was one shaft of light [laughter]. dude he just not like this. like this dude he's so exciting. to have a finger. he's doing a courtesy flash. i guess wow because the other guys. in the in the sitting on the bunk. bed like this yeah i call it. as a courtesy flash. we find the defendant. wow well nobody's ever done. that in the history of man. what i've done what i did. right there yeah what i said. and the thing the two things. i did nobody's ever done. that in the whole history of man. it's funny i think about that. sometimes too okay but i i did that. i'm unique have you ever. done something like that yeah. do you think yeah yeah no i have i know. i have okay well dude. if you were to. be do something like that's been done. dude i totally agree okay. so i'm just saying to. be truly unique yeah. yeah yeah yeah okay no i know. so i did that i'm with you. we find that the defendant. didn't nobody's ever nobody's ever done. what i just did yeah. i agree okay i mean i i can't. agree because i don't know but like i i also believe what to. be true what you said. okay and i know this to. be true next one oh is that spiderman. my wife and i grew up. very strict baptist we. went to church. three times a week we never drank. we never listened to. normal music just church. music people like this um recently we switched to. a different church this. church in my eyes just makes a lot. more sense it's more chill. they have what they call. contemporary christian music uh they think drinking's okay here's the thing. this is the one church. that my wife's parents always said if anywhere don't go there. there we go it's basically. the ultimate disappointment to. these very strict people and so my wife. and that's why he's driving this. she feels like she has to. inform them that we're going there. and that it's going to. be a huge disappointment how do we go. about this i don't think we necessarily need to. tell them what do you think thanks. i mean you don't need to. tell them except for it. might get back to them. and in which it could it. does does that matter enough. to your wife that you you. know because she could always be like well why. did we need to. tell you i get the whole thing. is absolutely so stupid it's just so bad. at the beginning what are these people seven. years old like get over it. people are different they do different. things what's crazy is. that the parents are probably upset. the reason they're upset. is because they're worried that their daughter's gonna go. to hell now that is dumb. yeah she's not gonna go to. hell she's [ __ ] married. to spiderman yeah i mean. come on no but uh i i think if she wants to. tell them you have to. because she's the daughter of the the yeah. you're the soninlaw yeah so you got to. kind of go with what she wants. to do so tell them. and when they start tell them. about like a family. dinner yeah at home not like out to. dinner and then you say or they you know she says so you know that. i would go into. this church now i know you know and approve that but i just want. to let you know so you don't find. out some other way and then when the parents start to. express you know that they're angry. or that they're upset. that's when you come in and you say that. that doesn't matter past the potatoes wow. oh wow that's when you come in so stupid. it doesn't matter guys uh i mean. that is such a crazy. thing that so many people struggle. with this kind of thing. i know during my advice. sessions i've talked to a lot. of people who are are or have been raised. religious oh wow and they're in their 20s. now and they live close. enough to their parents. and they're like i don't know. how to separate from. the church because my parents. are going to. be so upset they're going. to think i'm going. to go to hell i'm. wow that is such an i mean. life is hard for everybody. and it's all relative but that is such an interesting. and strange to. me foreign to. me yeah problem to. have and i really empathize because that sounds like miserable. yeah it's miserable but nobody wants to. go to h e. dola hockey sticks you know. nobody wants to go. to h2 double hockey nobody. wants to go to. ag double holoca hockey sticks but no one is i know did you know did you know that i know i know that but it's good nobody wants to. go to nobody wants to. go to two lines and a line connecting. them backwards three double hockey sticks nobody. wants to go there. wow nobody wants to. go there wow but i um nobody wants. to go to uh you no. but nobody is still of an upside down. you to a backwards. three double nobody wants that so complicated but um yeah no nobody is going to. ahu double hockey sticks but uh. do you know why because it's not a place. i i know that i know. that okay i know that. i know it's not a place. okay but neither is fry's. electronics anymore but size is not i don't price isn't around i don't think so that he knows they went out of business i wonder what they did with that alien spaceship that crash landed i have it i bought it someone's 20 grand i'm jealous it was 20 grand but it's in a scrap yard it's bad it was a bad investment it's still there i think the fries has no idea just set it you know absolutely [ __ ] said it it's still there i think just set it you know what i mean people just it was there a few months ago the cojones fries or the alien spaceship the abandoned fries with the [ __ ] alien thing in the uh on the facade okay there's one inside though too and that's the one i like oh you know what i'm talking about oh um yeah dude just just go tell the parents and let them be mad you know you're not in control of their of how they're reacting you're not in control of you right but you're just in control of what you do and they're not in control of you though you're right and they're not in control of you so they got to. deal with it they're not they should if they get super mad say you know what just be happy. we're still going to church. relax okay yeah it's so a church. nothing's wrong with it we're all. christian we're all we're all the same. religion we all still believe in the same. things so relax now. let's sing kumbaya it's not. no but it's not like they did. they leave they're leaving the religion. it's just a different church. bro how bad is this. you don't need to. get over it dude yeah i mean kumbaya my lord. kumbaya [music] is it even really a song. someone's swimming what is it. i don't know someone's singing. it's definitely not swimming someone's in the pool. oh my god oh my god i hope they're not drowning. my lord grab a stick. that one's not long enough. my lord oh my god the [ __ ] stick broke my lord. wow now he's headed. down the goddamn river. i have a pain. in my neck my lord. isn't because i said god. damn i mean then it would be good that. song rips that song rips. dude all right let's go. next one my name is austin. i live in nashville. tennessee chris i just saw you. at the ryman theater you [ __ ] killed it bro. thanks so much [ __ ] yeah dude they're aggressive anyway chris on your congratulations. podcast the last uh episode you just did. you mentioned how you went. to soho house nashville. while you were here uh and you were really [ __ ] confused. if it was a restaurant. or it was a hotel. right uh you're in the right. man it makes no [ __ ] sense if i worked there put in my two weeks on the way out oh wow uh my question is i'm a photographer and i get a lot of face time with a lot of alist uh celebrities uh musicians specifically and i've been just blatantly asking them like yo can i shoot your show tonight yeah and 80. of the time they're like totally down. for it the other 20. they're like i gotta talk. to my manager or some [ __ ] right. um what do you guys. think about this is this. too much like am i a dick. for doing that because people have been making me feel. like i'm stupid or like i need to. be uh kind of watching out. because i might get blacklisted or some [ __ ] it which is [ __ ] stupid i don't. know because they're just putting celebrities on like a pedestal. and being like oh they're unapproachable they're not they're normal. ass people yeah is it. okay to be doing this. it's worked uh let me know. your thoughts how you would feel as people in the public. eye if this happened to. you anyway october 21st jack white theater. go see crystalia uh get your crystalia. tickets at crystalia dot com maybe let's get it. is that detroit what is. that cleveland i'll be there scared. i mean it's okay i'll say hi. to him dude i i i get this. i get this people say. can i shoot your show tonight. and if they're good i say yes if they're not. good i either don't respond. to them or i send them. to sam my videographer guys say if you think this. guy's good have him. come if you don't don't or i say. no it's okay to. say no i think it. now look of course it. is but this is not his question. go on but i know this guy seems to. be pretty normal and you know. despite the glasses and the aggression yeah. but that was just for fun. but like he seems pretty normal. like if if if he asked me. to shoot my stuff and i had seen his stuff. and i didn't like it. i would just say i already got a guy. and you know i don't i don't know. i don't think i don't think so but you know. i i and and i think he would probably be like okay. well he said some of them. say no so obviously well no he what he said was. someone said i gotta talk to. my manager and [ __ ] like that but which is fine too but like you know i i feel like people need to. no it's all about i hate this. word but it's all about boundaries. like if you're if somebody asks you something and the answer is. no and you get butt. hurt about it that's all. on you it's not on the person. who said no i mean. and he seems like he's able. to take it yeah yeah but he seems like he's able. to take that yeah you know. yeah so wait hold. on i'm being you for a second. but he's asking if it's okay for him. to ask yes that's what he's asking. the answer is yes yeah 100 yes you can ask. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's okay. yeah now there are annoying. ways to do that totally right. so don't do that yeah. right like i get approached. in annoying [ __ ] ways and then i get approached in cool. ways so in his sense. i'm imagining it goes. like this they're doing the photo. shoot and then at the end. of the shoot hey i know. you're in town for a gig. can i come shoot it. that's the wrong way. and my whole thing is if you're already. doing a photo shoot with the people. you're obviously you're gonna say yes i wouldn't understand. why somebody would say no. unless they just didn't like your stuff. but in which case. why are they shooting with you. in the first place right. yeah um but also um i would say no well just for because then i would think well. maybe he wants to. hang out with me later. and i don't want to. do that yeah but you you have guys to. be like just give them. a pass i don't you. know oh right he shoots. in the thing and it's all good. but they if they're good. they know they're not [ __ ] right. right of course yeah yeah you know. um but i have got like we had a guy. who came with us matt. what's this i'm gonna let me look him. up because what if it was me. and he had to. look me on that. delia there it is um he was great. but um let me let me put him. out here um he traveled with us. through the whole um canadian. stuff he's the guy went. to e40 hugo he would take a shot he goes here. we go um and uh i wish so he's just the craziest route. i'm on stage i hear in the crowd. of here oh that's a great. one porter um so uh no but i i um yeah i i don't like i have there's another guy too undeniable. media on instagram who's great. and he has to. shoot my show in i think it. was kansas somewhere i don't know but he travels to. la he shot golden hour. the other day like he's a great. photographer if you know i think that's how you get your name. out there i don't understand. the blacklisted thing uh maybe that's the thing. what does he mean. by that i think what he means. is you get the rep. of you ask people to. to take pictures and it's unprofessional. maybe you ask i don't know. i yeah i don't i don't know. maybe and then maybe like bands. will be like yo that guy's gonna try. to shoot you don't do that. [music] i mean a monster. but uh okay hurt my throat. well good i mean honestly. hurt my throat real bad. um so no you're good. dude you did it. you do yeah i think it's okay. you're just an enterprising fellow. it's okay i was uh people got to. be okay with this though. like the other day. i was in montreal. and three dudes came up to. me uh two of them. said wait a minute. no way you're a [ __ ] legend. bro like they're like you're so funny. no way and they're like i was like oh [ __ ] chris you're the man. the third guy goes like this. who's this guy yeah fine. fine that's annoying yeah a little annoying. because don't do that in front of my face. just on principle yeah i get not every most people don't. know who i am yeah. the annoying part not knowing who you are. the annoying part is in front of your face. being like who's this guy yes. yes people do that like it's a badge. of honor too right. right they're like i don't have a tv. like that kind of [ __ ] right nothing more annoying. i know so but i don't really care. they're like 20 something and they're probably a little tipsy. and like it's night time. and it happens and whatever and um so then they go. like this guy's a comedian. he's [ __ ] hilarious his podcast. and [ __ ] like that the guy the third. guy says oh can i get a picture yeah. and i said bro. you don't even know the [ __ ] i am. yeah right yeah and the other two. guys are like oh dude. and whatever and i'm like yeah. of course we get a picture. i get a picture with the three of them. we're looking across the street. they're talking they're like what. are you doing here in montreal. and i'm like i got a show and this and that. i'm with my crew right and uh the light goes from green. to red so now we're stuck we don't get. to cross the street right. and they're still talking and they're like oh man. and they're like do you know. bobby lee and i'm like yeah. he's [ __ ] hilarious and [ __ ] and they're like oh cool hey are you gonna be on rogan or whatever. the [ __ ] saying all this [ __ ] and finally i go like this hey guys we're done we're done here like that right i said just like that and they just go oh and i'm like they didn't like laugh oh weird which my my people did so who cares but if you know you they're fans i know yeah but i was like yo guys i'm [ __ ] with you like yeah like it wasn't like they were like [ __ ] this but they were like oh oh you know like yeah worried and i was like guys [ __ ] i'm joking yeah but like what the [ __ ] are we doing here you know okay go hang out and they're like no come to. a bar with us and i'm like no way. right yeah you know. and that's that's okay to. do yeah and if they were butthurt about that. which they're not they're fine but that's on. them so my whole point. is you've got to. express your boundaries and you have to. understand what you do if a guy's gonna say no. they're gonna say no then [ __ ] it and that's on them so don't suppose. their [ __ ] on you basically you know when they say no just be like oh who cares why they said no they did but it means nothing about whether it's okay to. ask him or not when they say no. you go this fine i don't want to. shoot you anyway yeah dude can i see your show. no i didn't want to. do it anyway fine. i'm gonna go ask hoobastank. the reason is you the reason. is you anthony's favorite song when that song came out. yeah dude anthony goes anthony. heard it first and goes like this. huh the second time you heard. it he legit was like like eyes. got watery and he was just like his heartbeat. wow this [ __ ] is so good dude. his heart rate's sped out. yeah i did have that album. dude of course he did. his other two favorite bands. lincoln park and evanescence big evanescence song oh dude i can't sing it. because i'm so bad what is it. marco what was it. what is it anthony. knows it wake me up. inside right yeah wake me. up he has that tattoo he has a tattoo of the lyrics. on his side. you know yeah definitely how does it. go though again oh yeah the one that goes wake me. up it's not them. wake me up what is it. anthony can sing it i'm. not saying oh you know. what it is it. goes like this when i wake up. and i know i'm gonna be i'm gonna be the man. who wakes up next to. you that's the proclaimer unless i said we walk 500. 000 miles that's proclaimers so what is it. then uh i it's on the tip. of my tongue man. i it's okay [music]. oh yeah yeah yeah yeah who's the guy. in the back yeah oh yeah yeah i think in that. song it is linkin park isn't. it oh yeah they wake me. up inside [ __ ] yeah oh yeah the guy in the background just absolutely having sex. having an orgy oh [ __ ] you i'm so. lucky wake me up. inside all these chicks wake me. up inside so dumb. all right who's next baby. what is that in nba. 2k just got back from. little rock a [ __ ] guy in nba. 2k dude with such good. agility oh his agility's off. the charts look it's all. the way out at 10. i'm gonna. be honest i love this. guy's head chris just got back. from little rock seeing chris. great show hell yeah. great weekend you're spotting. my dm after the show so this. guy's going i appreciate that oh yeah. uh not much of an advice. today just wanted to. see what you guys thought. about having like a routine. when you shower um. i do the standard shampoo conditioner. first but for some reason. i always have to. go pits than junk and then chest and then on from there. i don't know why and um also i can't. be the only one that gets done. showering and uses my hand like a squeegee to. get the extra water. off i'm six five tall. glass of water got a lot of body to. dry off and uh my towels soaked. at the end of it. so can't be having that so uh what you guys. think about shower routines. and the worst is it. so [ __ ] to wipe all. the water off yourself i like how mundane the submission. is i mean we got to. do all of them no mixing. it up because he was playing nba. 2k dude damn it anthony. don't say wrong [ __ ] man. he was playing nba. 2k listening to evanescence. he got confused and [ __ ] got confused. yeah okay so do you have a routine. don't say junk that's first yeah don't ever say. when you're talking about your pricking. nuts don't say junk okay. freaking nuts like a a goddamn uh cafe that. would be in williamsburg you know. [ __ ] in new york. and everyone would be like dude. you gotta go pregnant. around the clock yeah or it will be in [ __ ] los feliz. and be like you gotta try. this [ __ ] place freaking nuts. everybody's like so pissed off you know oh yeah what do you get there. oh you got to. get the mortadella sandwich dude. one nuts baby so that's what. we call drunk now get the mortadella. sandwich with uh an olive. um pistachio spread it's dude. it's so good at prick. and nuts in williamsburg all right. so shower routine i a while ago. i realized i have one without knowing i do. like and i would imagine that's true. for almost no dude he set it. up yeah it's like everybody. does the same [ __ ] when they get in the shower. probably otherwise they that's just how brains are they're just like they do. that you know i mean. the guy from place. academy foreign damn you assassinated. me with that dude wow it's a violent. he assassinated with you wow. you stabbed me in the throat. and then pulled my tongue. out of it and made it tight. around my neck and gave me a colombian necktie ah i love you what about you answer. him and then what was it. the nba 2k yeah i. think that you know. whoever you want to. play on that game. is fine what was the question. do you rather [ __ ] routine. oh yeah i go in um wash my junk. no i go in i wash i guess. i do i wash well i don't wash my hair. every day i have something important. to say about this actually yes okay. so you're it's not and i people are going. to be like yeah news. i promise you okay. it's i'm this is not my idea. i know this for a fact. okay i've read it numerous. places i looked into. it it's just true. okay it's not good to. wash your entire body every single day. it's not good for your body. french things no just shower. every day sure i'm just saying don't use soap. friends scrub every single part. of your body french parts of your body. need the things that are happening. on it to. happen like microbes and [ __ ] you know what i mean. like i lost it right. there dips and [ __ ] from brooklyn. yeah you need the microbes. come on man eat up. um because they don't know what they're talking. about you gotta eat. this you need a mini micro. the things you have to. wash are jeans the under here the down. in there an acting coach. they're behind the there all right. and the there the key. area okay yeah you don't like need. to wash your like forearms. yeah all right all right all right. all right all right so okay. i wash my hair maybe once every three days i wash my body every day. i wash my armpits good i. wash my penile good wow. i wash my crevice in the backside. very well you have to. wash all those things my feet. necessarily lather up right. good good good good good good good french. but okay um and that's that. this obsession with cleaning is. wrong dude that was i hate. when people say stuff like this. but it's it was it's like it. was made up and sold to. us yeah just like women. yeah armpits that was made up. by razor companies thanks hallmark now. we got now we don't have. enough microbes so many things like that that we all. consider like gross. if we don't do them. yeah it was literally made up. by some company or corporation. or commemorative companies thank you hallmark. and they just now 70. years later we're all like if you don't do that. you're disgusting oh yeah you're sheep. alex jones dude yo dude. hey thank thanks hallmark dude. hey thanks uh uh uh um for sucking. on the crank uh the teeth. of uh the crank. of hallmark hey dude thanks dude i'd like to. keep my microbes next yeah. hey uh hey gillette yeah stop it. stop turning the frogs gay. with the water yeah whatever that means he thinks the frogs. are gay because of the water. god alex and uh frankly i do too i. i think all frogs are gay. though you know frogs are never wearing. clothes frogs are gay. and they're always hanging around. each other and they're green. anything green is gay oh really yeah. not my money stupid. because it goes right. into my bank. account all right next one. what's up guys stefan here. you're a long time. fan from serbia hell yeah. dude i mean i called you know a few months. ago i mean the lighting is so serbian. i have uh jordan with the slab moment. let's find out it was a long. time ago when i was in elementary school. i think seventh grade. something like that we went uh outside. of our city with the bus. to have a field. trip and there was one girl in my class. that wasn't really in my group. let's say she was a bit. odd i would say okay. and there was one moment. when we got a little bit bored. me her all all the kids. i think and she said one. thing that i will never forget. and to this day. i repeated that with my friends. she said um i will translate it to. english but it doesn't sound uh because in serbia we have this same. oh wow that i didn't know. about it before that. because because i was a kid. she said i'm bored like a wafer on a grave. and you know in serbian. it's kind of tradition when you go. to funeral to bring food. because if you are let's say your father. mother died or somebody like that. close to you you bring it. you will have a lot. of people that know them. there and you need to. offer to those people something so some people do bring sweets. like wafers and nobody's really eating that. it's just like i would say stupid. tradition and those wafers stay there. for days i think and they get bored. so wow that's why. she said i'm bored like away. from a grave and i never forgot. it and it was so funny. i was crying laughing. back then and i repeat that i mean. almost every time i get bored. with my friends that know that joke. so yeah that's my story guys thanks. man the lighting was so serbian. so i mean the lighting is like an art. film yeah it's serbian. dude yeah yeah i mean it's so serbian. that's the lighting in his house. always by the way uh so it is a saying though. that's the only that's the thing that butts. up against the jordan so here's the thing. it is a jordan with a slim. if that is not a saying but it is a saying so it's not technical. you so but he didn't know it. was a saying that that doesn't really not make a difference but it does to. him in the moment. all right but ultimately to. make it a jordan with the slang. can't give it a jordan talk about the slam. but it's definitely the closest it's. the closest any submission has been to. a to a true. jordan with a slam saying it. wrong but yeah jordan with us. okay well that one hurt. me that is the closest we've ever gotten. yeah it's debatably not it's not technical. it's technically not yeah but it's very much. on the right you in your heart. it was yeah but it's not a universally. true it's a personal jordan with this. lion button not not a universal. exactly uh all right cool wow. that was amazing that was a good. one good good story i like it wafer on the grave. i'll use that man yeah. the board boyfriend uh hahaha away. from a grave waver on it. is uh uh uh wafer on uh uh my leg. hair is curly oh man. let's see a guy let's see what. this guy just killed the fox let's see. what the the sixth lead. of triple frontier wants what's. up man chris so i've been watching the pod. recently to. see if anyone had a similar question. to mine but i'm just gonna have to. make the submission i saw myself i assume a lot. of people are have been or are going. through the same thing so um i started dating this. girl back in may um the sweetest girl. i've ever met in my whole. life um couldn't think of a single con. about her we instantly. hit it off it. was perfect we dated the entirety of summer. hung out way too. much probably um and then together but mostly her. decided that we didn't want to. try the long distance thing when she moved back. to college for her. senior year um damn the thing. i'm really struggling with though. is like we kind of decided to. pick it up when she got back. and it's kind of leaving. me in a weird spot where i'm like trying. to get over her but like yeah still trying. to hold on um i'm doing the whole cliche breakup. things i just got back. from the gym i'm trying. to like stay busy. and everything but i don't know if you guys had any tips. for me that'd be great. love the pod guys thank you. damn dude that's weird to. me kind of which part. well he is not in college. and she is in college. for last year right that's what it. sounds like so it sounds like and so they really like each other. had a great time but they're doing. the thing where they are. not going to be together. because she's away at college. for the last year i guess. technically it's probably the right. thing to do to. see if they were good for each other but that just kind of sucks. man i just want to. stay why it's a good. idea it's a good idea because it's her. last year of college. and she i'm assuming wants you. know the way people think is like well it's my last year. of college my last year. of like freedom and yeah things not really mattering as much as they do. in true adulthood and i want to. be free so i can remember that. for the rest of my life. as like my last yeah. final triple frontier of. freedom triple frontier but you know. that's funny good good job. i get why people think like that. but life gets in the way. of plans like that and you if you met a guy that you're really into. yeah you shouldn't really worry about. that stuff i do get it. though here's the thing the risk. you run of sticking to. plans like that even when they stop making sense. because you've met someone like you run. the risk of when you do like return to. the relationship it being different. yeah it was before. the other thing though at the same. time staying together you. run the risk of that whatever is so good about the relationship. changing and by the time. you do get back it's already. gone so it's like she should just drop out. of college you get you have plans. and then the plans hula. you have played look i wanted. to finish that sentence. but a yawn came through. okay you got to. adapt i don't say the same. sentence i yawned regrouped talked about the yawn. entered the chat into. a different one this is the wisest. thing you've ever said you have to. grow or it dies. and i say this all the time. grow or die. you gotta grow you gotta grow. you had a plan you. met a dude you met. a woman it changed now. all this being said could be her. secretly saying i don't want to. be with you anymore. we don't know enough about. it yeah but i don't like reading. into stuff i know but i'm just saying you should keep that in the back. of your head because i don't think that i i fully think that. you should try and i don't know. how often you're talking to. her but i fully think you should try. and get over her because this is too much. to handle for a whole. [ __ ] year and you run you run a great. chance of her coming back. and [ __ ] just not working out. that's that's probably what's going to. happen it could not you know. it might be 60. 40 i don't know but yeah but he's he's young. she's looks seems like she's maybe even younger. like what's the harm in. trying to wait to. see if something sticks well there. is no harm because yeah. no matter what happens. it's okay that's what i'm saying. but i think he should try. to keep it going. but what does that mean. though he she went away. to college and she they're doing their own. thing so he might as well meet other people. as well sure but that you're saying it. like forget about her i'm saying oh i'm not saying like don't talk. to her at all that. [ __ ] yeah okay you can keep in touch with her. and stuff but i think the second you're like we're gonna try. and you know this is my last year. of college you act single sure. yeah yeah yeah like don't be don't be like halfway. into meeting a new person. you meet a new person. you go into that date. thinking this is going. to be probably awesome. you know you hold out. the possible hold the possibility. that it might be even better. than the thing yes that is on hold for the time. being right yes and that's honestly. great advice and you're welcome. yeah that's tough though. because like the way. the mind works it's not. like he's stuck in the middle. and that doesn't really help. him get over it stuck. in the middle and you can't get out. of it well uh wow yeah it. just kind of sucks the only thing. is that i would say is that. it's not that long it's like less. than a year it's a few. months or something yeah and you might see her over christmas. break yeah you might see her again. you might get the dome slopped on you might you maybe go visit her maybe she has a little break. she comes to see you. who knows you might soak a little bit. that sucks man i hate that. kind of you might soak a little bit. stop you know well soak uh oh damn. whoa that was a whole. episode yeah all right. we appreciate you i'll be. in pittsburgh i'll be in cleveland. i'll be in virginia. i'll be in um a bunch of different. places uh baltimore uh uh and uh i can't wait honestly. i love doing this. stand up it's really really fun to. do this uh where else. am i gonna be it's your best. hour thank you cleveland detroit. orlando fort myers richmond uh philadelphia or reading. oh yeah oh yeah i just added. oxnard uh i'm gonna do some new material. in december that'll sell out get the tickets. and now also covina. i'm gonna be in like two. weeks or something it's like near la. uh at the laugh factory in covina. over there get your tickets. that'll sell out too. go see them in pittsburgh. on my birthday oh yeah i know. true um so that's that and i got news. uh the specials coming out. soon i got news um i appreciate you. guys and uh patreon dot com. lifeline luxury there's a new episode. up today uh and if you want to. go to watch lifeline. dot com send a link. we love the submissions you guys. are great you're sending good. ones yeah or call the hotline. you want oneonone advice sessions with. matt matthewlea dot com yep and then our lifeline merch is at lifeline. or sorry lifeline merch dot com. no app it's at and then also here we go. another part of this because you say the ad. symbol it [ __ ] everything. up nowadays right it wouldn't have if you just go. merch dot com and everything. else and uh thank you very. much oh leave a comment help. the algae let's pump that i'll go make sure you're subscribed to. uh super good studio subscribe there. we go like watch oh every episode. i'll see you again soon. because you're gonna watch another one. right now bye yeah at lifeline. luxury going over to. do that right now and we'll see. you in he double hockey. sticks patreon dot com is. that not what i said nope. i [ __ ] it up okay every time you say it you [ __ ] it up it's crazy patreon dot com absolutely what do i say you either stutter like a [ __ ] or dick but you just say like luxury dot com like that's my luxury lifeline luxury dot com like that's what it is and it's not that's not that no it's patreon dot com the episodes are amazing followers yeah they're good we just banter and talk [ __ ] uh and they're great they're great bye hello hello [music] 