 i forgot coolio died. coolio died coolio no. here lies coolio worst show of all. time dude here lies coolio. hello [music] what do you think about it. we're live what do you think about uh worst. interview are movies yeah that the main character. is boring and it's supposed. to be boring. give me an example. because i i can't sully oh well sully it's interesting. to bring up sully. because sully is an example of the worst movie interesting. that there is but tom hanks is. very good in it. i honestly i love tom hanks. but i don't even think that. about that movie i think clint. eastwood is the most boring filmmaker. oh he made that alive he's basically not alive. that's why he's right. so boring uh he tries. to hurry through the days he's like i love that we did one take whatever the script. is fine as it is. he doesn't do any rewrites. ever he's just a lady boy. a lazy boy he's a lazy. boy okay so there's a movie about it's called. the neighbor it's with william. forsyth is that his name i mean. that's the name of an actor sure. yeah the guy who's in wasn't he like in. wings or something was that. him no wait oh no. no no no no no no that's not william. forsyth is the guy stephen. weber no i was thinking. no no i was i know. stephen weber's in wings but i thought that was the bad. guy in that movie with uh uh ben affleck. oh no you're thinking thinkner that's who i'm thinking. about he's great i love him. yes he's great so he was in the neighbor. and what is the neighbor. who's forsyth william forsyth is like uh he was way. bigger in like the 90s. yeah he's got a real tough guy. voice and look so thinker. or whatever yeah william. fichtner yeah okay so fickner was a fickner says what a fickner says what oh forsyth. is awesome yeah yeah okay. fickner is good he's in the movie. called the neighbor and he plays a very boring. guy but very boring. weird guy and it's arguable that the movie is boring. because of it well that sounds about right. when you have a lead character. and you're trying to. make him born the thing. here's the thing when you're depicting. a boring person yeah you don't need to. be boring i know so how do you make it good. it's so cool i took a mint. and it made my my throat. dry now i'm coughing yeah. dude [ __ ] yeah wow podcast well that was your fault. you should have taken a minute. or i wanted to. do it what i didn't mean. to do that like that i didn't know. it was going to. dry my throat out did you no. do you think a mint. always tries to. throw it out no a magician. no i didn't think that all right. well look all i'm gonna say. is i'm gonna be in cleveland. i'm gonna be in pittsburgh. i'm going to be in philadelphia. i'm going to be in virginia. chrisley dot com reading pitch redding. uh pennsylvania ottawa ontario too that's the only one in canada. that's not sold out yet. uh orlando florida fort myers. florida and baltimore maryland christelia dot com. to get your tickets. um leave a uh comment for us. oh actually if you want to. sign up for lifeline luxury. that's where it's on. and pop and that's where it's going. that's where it's on. firing on all of the you know we say syllables. but cylinders really for lifeline. luxury uh patreon dot com. lifeline luxury that is a show that comes out. at least twice a month. and it is at least 30. minutes and we absolutely kill. it on there and go over. to our patreon and subscribe. it is it's going. like this what of what the quality. of lifetime luxury. is going like this. way up oh okay good well. that's why we call lifeline. luxury so go on there. and get that and uh go to. uh watch lifeline dot com to. send in your submissions we love your. submissions and then also you could send us. a video or click. the link in the hotline. below or you can go and get a oneonone session. with matalia on zoom. where he gives you all sorts. of devices at matdalia dot com. and you can also get the merch. at lifelinemerch dot com showing the support. of our show the greatest show. in all history and the show that keeps on going. like this which is what matt. is saying right well i mean. did so much coke. the mint the mint. that you took yeah yeah is really kicking in right. about now yeah so that's what's going. on my baby so we're having a good. time you know and you think it's okay. to make a show a movie about a boring. person yeah what about this. if you make a movie about a boring. person make it be only an hour. and 20 minutes yeah but also you can make a good an exciting. movie about that centers around. a boring person you don't need the movie itself. to be boring. boring people getting caught up in very not. boring things it's actually really interesting. that is very interesting it's like one. of my favorite kinds of movies. so maybe that movie was just boring. it sounds like it sounds like it. and and not not to. really anybody's fault but like fickner is very he was. very good in it. he's amazing yeah he's a good i've always liked him. he's in heat your favorite movie. he is in heat right. yeah and then the lady in it. is good really good too. um who's the lady who's the lady. in it uh uh in the movie. the neighbor the she's very good in it. too uh the the one. that the the younger lady that. he kind of like gets obsessed with what's her. name jessica i was already. on there scrolled it off. do it bigger do it. bigger there it is crazy. you didn't zoom in crazy. absolutely nuts hey absolutely nuts. scroll up absolutely nothing to. me macnami jessica he's good she's good anyway. it's cool because it sounds like jessica. isn't it what is this oh thank you. for me who else would it. be for he put it right. in front of you. but i didn't ask for you. that's why but so there's two of us. and he handed it to. one of us that's you i thought maybe you asked for tea. but why wouldn't he give it. to me it was scratchy. you made me tn that's very nice. that's really good now it's too. hot so i have to. wait i need to. talk in it english. one thing i want to. talk about drinking tea drinking. tea i'm the british. uh so we don't have our tweety bird. shirts yet it's upsetting so it's upsetting because but we do still have oh god two hats is the worst two hats two hats no two hats to. hold two hats. to hold the worst. song of all time it's not is. that what else did you. want to say was that. a takeoff of the coolio. song too hot yeah yeah which is actually a takeoff of an older. song so yeah music history julio. is an actor now how about that. oh well he was an actor before. he died did you know. that i forgot coolio died. coolio died coolio no. here lies coolio worst show of all. time dude here lies coolio. and then and then so many people keep getting out. of his coffin like that. whole video was the man. do you know where they do. come on yeah what was that. though why do they look out. around way too much in that. video because they're like trying. to make sure nobody sees them. yeah but so many yeah you gotta be careful. dude that was the original. version of staying woke. that's what it meant you. got to be alert. got to pay attention. no dude you know how annoying. is it that they stole that. i mean it's like the ultimate. it's like everybody always talks about cultural. appropriation it's like the ultimate. cultural appropriation oh yeah. you know oh my god blue. your mind dude that's absolutely unbelievable. man so we can't both be wearing sunglasses did you know that. oh oh i was gonna take off. mine okay i guess one of us. can and i'll keep going. i'll keep going on a fantastic. voyage rights liberty slide. yeah that you're talking about yeah. that's the one yeah they keep coming. out of the thing yeah mute. it mute it okay skip. to the end yeah well he doesn't know. where it is dude. he's [ __ ] 14 years old 12. years old she passed it. look good dude there's yeah and it was a very pretty. they keep doing it. all right right i knew that. oh dude popping it dude. when i was young. and these videos would come on i would get so sexually around. really yeah not me dude. look at all these amazingly beautiful. black women in the car dude. i was just 12 and i was just like right. slippery slide you know what i'm saying. hey wow you can't be nuts. a [ __ ] drink it's too hot. hot well obviously too hot. all right so anyway make it that hot. why do i want to. wait for it no because you gotta heat. up the tea leaves. enough to make it taste. better and which is therein lies. why it's [ __ ] therein lies. the bullshitery yeah that's why. it's [ __ ] dude it should only be as hot as it it doesn't work figure out how it works make it so the tea. gets out when it's not. that hot okay but i mean. like you're so annoying you know all that. happens is exactly you something bad. happening you so you're like now. the whole thing's the whole. enterprise of tea sucks yeah. and that's how it is like that's just not. a good way of being alive. but it's just what's crazy. is that it's lasted for the song. and everyone's been burning. their tongue on it for [ __ ] centuries. you know what i mean. centuries most people know to. wait a minute i wait. but you still have to. do the test and every now and then you do the test. too early and it burns. your [ __ ] time oh when you pull up and then you do it you didn't do that. i don't no it's just i don't then. i might as well go to. benihana and [ __ ] help him make the [ __ ] i don't want bring it to. me when it's ready. dude i'm right about this. yes foreign i agree with me. that's the dumbest thing you say a lot. of dumb things but when you say i agree. with me that's the dumbest i don't know man. go on over to sign the lifeline. luxury uh uh patreon dot com. uh and we there's a little bit more. there's more of that but we're gonna get into. this show right now yeah because it's been 10 minutes. okay so let's go yeah. it's been too long. so we're gonna get into. the devices here we go. love you both so handsome. so i need advice on a guy. who lives at my apartment complex. we all have designated parking. spots yeah and the guy. who parks next to. me just cannot seem to. [ __ ] park in his own. spot and every time i come home. he's like right on the line. or in my parking. spot then i got to. be the [ __ ] who parks too close. to the guy next to. me that is bad and it's just yeah. that's a nonconfrontational way. i can just be like yo learn. to park you know yeah. and also chris as a bar. employee thank you for spreading awareness. on those [ __ ] that come in and sit down and then go to. the restroom right away. like hey jill let me get your drinks. man love you boys. yeah i do i hate that. you know what he's talking. about no i don't like when dude go sit down. order and then go to. the bathroom don't sit down. go to the bathroom. and then comment order and leave everybody. and leave everybody [ __ ] waiting like oh you didn't mention with a group you didn't say. that yeah i guess. i guess yeah personally with a group. yeah i was picturing a person. alone but he what he's saying. from on his end can be as a bar. guy yeah order first. then go to that which is it. which is a similar complaint. but it has nothing to. do with having a group it's like right. let me do my job. and then you go to. the bathroom which i i do agree. with also ah go to. the bathroom whatever you want. well his version doesn't matter as much. my version is is inconsiderate. if you do it that way. gee what a surprise that you think that let it let everyone order. then go to the bathroom. why would i would have wait. what you don't have to. go to bathroom immediately order. unless you do if you do okay. okay but so you make exceptions. for people that are like ah i gotta go. i gotta go yeah you gotta go. i gotta go unload poopy out of my poopy. hole then it's okay i mean. that's i would never have a friend. that says that but actually no. we know me and i would but yeah you would but i would say. that absolutely you sit down. with with eight people okay that's so many people wow. i hate sitting now with apis oh my god okay. for you this other person. that's better now we're speaking. my language yeah and you sit and you go. get the menus and you're like this. you know what i'm gonna go. to the bathroom who does this. i don't are you kidding. me i don't approve kristen. oh okay i see where this. is and also so many people and also others. okay dude sam does it. my videographer guy oh come on. sam uh you know people just do it. dude yeah i'll order. anyway but you can't do it with kristen. that's the thing because you need to. be chivalrous yeah right. well that would be it's another dude. who cares i'm ordering he. went to take a thing. i'm going to [ __ ] it i want. the club sandwich go you whenever he gets. back right okay yeah okay i get it. and people think i'm the dick. i get it now what. was his thing again. oh parking yeah yeah uh park a little bit. in his spot next time if yeah um and then what he confronts you say. oh i'm sorry was that annoying. and then when he starts. to answer you say i know. you do it all the time. so now you're gonna stop so [ __ ] confrontation. but that's good here's the deal. and this sucks unfortunately because some people are really anticonfrontation. but with people that live in your building. or in your yeah you gotta be careful. no you got to. be aggressive now be aggressive you got to. be aggressive because it's never gonna work. out we gotta be careful. if you don't of course well you don't want to. be like with sam jackson and josh. lucas or whatever not. josh lucas uh the other patrick. uh patrick wilson yeah lakeview terrace yeah that's a neil the butte. movie i like that movie it's weird. though i like it good i like that. yeah you got to. be careful right. because you have to. be careful but you don't. do things that are just gonna get you killed. you're just very direct and a little bit. louder than you usually are. that's all you got to. do you're parking back okay. let's watch it yeah well that. wouldn't work out very well. because then you get arrested. but just get a little bit louder. and be firm you know. a guy richie movie all right. it got a park [ __ ] way different mate parking. is the name of it. um if you don't you're gonna get [ __ ] a bunch of shots hanging [ __ ] down yeah so yeah just do what he does then. when he calls you out. on it say oh yeah. you don't like that huh. tarded no i didn't think you liked. that but guess what you do. it to me all the time. so guess what you're gonna do you're gonna stop boston dude. i am not sure you should do. that i think it's a very obvious. answer is simply walk up. to somebody and say hey man. you park really close. to me it's really hard. for me to get out. and i often have to. park over to the right. or whatever left and then the other guy. can't get in and out could you just be a little bit. more mindful that's how you have to. start it okay if you that's easy. do that and that's easy and feel strong. about that if then it's still a problem. slash is tires but i'm dead. serious oh why what happened. look oh well that wasn't me. yeah and they go like this. prove it with me oh. okay it seems like a really quick. escalation and then i get the video the cctv footage. and hits you and you're like okay. well okay never mind okay. well you proved it and now now what. now what do you want. to be redhanded but you didn't do. the thing yeah that sucks. man having that kind of a thing the parking. that sucks because i you know. what you know what sucks. is you know what sucks. is is when you show up and somebody is parked [ __ ] up and you can't get into. space because of the person and it's like the only parking space that's there. and you want to. be mad at that person but you don't know if it's the person. before them that made them. park like that that's the worst. i'm surprised you think that far into. it because you're usually very. rash and very like quick. on the draw of a of a harsh hardcore. reaction and that's not good. but this time you really thought it. all the way through i'm i've never been more offended. about anything you've said why. i think very deeply about. things that don't matter yeah this. does matter uh okay and this. is about extending sort of an olive. branch to other people you're considering other people's experience and that's something you never really do i'm offended. okay i don't think that i i don't think that. that's correct i think that. if you knew me and you do know. me and that you know. that i think very deeply. about this kind of stuff. that's the game dude. that's game tax you know. what i'm talking about if somebody go. ah [ __ ] that's game tax. and you know at least it works. for me and my favorite sometimes. okay fine nobody's gonna keep mike. but then you wonder i hope people understand. that rule why are you. saying game tax because it's like you got to. charge it to. the game that's just how i got it. you know i got it i got it. yeah it's all rough though. well parking sucks honestly. we figured it out. for you man so i think every car should be exactly. the same it should be government funded and you just get in and leave with whatever cars. are closest well that's a good. idea but be really hard. and honestly chrysler kia uh uh or just every cari mercedesbenz they'd all have a big problem with that yeah so maybe not because it affects our bottom line. okay and money is what makes a world. go run cool and that is smart. to say that and next hey man. chris long time fan i love. you both i am calling in to. tell you about uh jordan with the slam. moment that i had uh it's not a particular. moment but it's a friend i had his name was andrew he was the funniest dude. i'd ever met i knew. him in middle school. in high school he was never funny. on purpose like sometimes he was but he was mainly. funny because he was just funny. like he was just sleepy all the time. he was just like oh like life. was getting the best of it. he was he was never high but you know. high all the time but he wasn't saying. so many things the first one. is the funniest thing that's any that. anyone's ever told me. and it was that one. time when he got mcdonald's. because he never ate fast. food he got mcdonald's and it made him. so nauseous that he had to. throw up so he went to. the bathroom and he spun. around in a circle until he threw up. and it worked uh the next thing. is one time in seventh grade. he showed up and his eye. was really red and he was like oh my eye. and then as the day. went on his eye. just got more and more [ __ ] and then like he was like oh like he couldn't focus he couldn't do [ __ ] and then like last period. i remember something he was picking at his eye. and this gl like this. glass shard fell out of his eyeball. onto his desk and it was his contact. lens that he slept. with for three days in his eye. and it just dried up into. a little crystallized shell and then. the third thing which is maybe the funniest. thing you could ever come up. with in the world but it was real uh in seventh grade we had an outsiders day where you would come. dresses the characters from the book. the outsiders for some reason. and obviously no one was going. to dress as a soch so everyone. dressed as a greaser yeah he came with. his dad's giant leather jacket and for some reason. his mom thought it was a good. idea to put temporary hair. dye in his hair and he had hair. like mine like blonde and by the end. of the day he had sweat. so much that the black hair. dye dripped all over. his face and he was a black face um and then it was all over. his arms and his shirt. and his hands and it got all over. his desk and he had to. stay afterwards to. clean it off but it wouldn't come. out uh so yeah that's my friend andrew thank you for listening. sorry if this was long i love you. guys thank you dude. hold on okay so first of all these are not jordan with the slam. moments okay what the hell was that. was how was he even that's what we're talking. about confused at the top. we're talking about how yeah he we're talking about. simple things that happen. in life that you terms or phrases. that you say over. and over again with your friends. i've been misled by that. man that man misled. me and whenever i read the word. misled i think it says maiseld. and i need a second to. see that it actually says misled. okay and it bothers me. maisel dude i'm always like what does. miseled mean and then i'm like oh oh oh i remember that. i have a brain this. is misled but dude. he misled us he said john. what the slime yeah he just told us about andrew. what he's yeah he told us. about his friend andrew and told us basically andrew's. autobiography the the that guy sounds like somebody. that i would deeply be friends. yeah you would have honestly. known him since you were like 19. yeah. yeah yeah yeah uh so also he would die. at like 48 you know. yeah dude yeah so all right. uh i don't uh what what do. we do great well there's no advice. andrew sounds amazing no we asked people to. call in yes and tell us. our jordan with the slam stories yeah and for those of you that don't know what that is i didn't see. the episode we were talking about. this they're they're just moments in your life. that you think about all the time. yeah that you sh. that you that aren't really that significant. right that just stuck with you and there's and then you have like sayings with your friends. and you joke around. about them in shorthand and that those. three things were absolutely not. that they were funny stories each one. of the things he said was let me. break it down mathematically for people. out there who don't understand. other ways that was each one. was zero percent like jordan what does. right right zero they were funny. stories yeah and he could think about them. a lot but those were not considered. i don't know what the slime. stories they were not even close. to being in the column. of jordan honestly what he did. they were funny and you keep i have things. that i think about story situations. oh yeah but none of them. are i don't want the slang you know. what i mean if they're not jordan what. the submit an entire video. claiming that they are in the category of jordan why. would you do that i get it. you wanted to share. about andrew but it's not gone. this is the worst podcast. you know but dude it's so good. it's so funny that these are podcasts. and then also jordan peterson. has one you know said it. so fast said it so fast. so that guy andrew sounds like something. i want andrew to. call in honestly get andrew to. send you a video and send a video to. us because that's amazing okay. please do that also either. cut your hair you or figure start a new. way shake this dude like this. dude push it you do it. like this just do like this. dude push it back. push it back either your hair's not gonna come out. push it back push them back so you know. that one the soccer i mean. it's all good i'm not. insecure i'm not insecure so um anyway yeah. just being all delicate this. one was the best like they're antiques condition. my hair is a king of virginia. rookie card that's so stupid. very cool the drew black hole. die cut okay drew bledso die. cut all right let's take a break. look at this guys football is. back in full swing football is. back in full swing with another week of epic games. isn't that right that's right. who's got you covered. on the action for every single one. of them draftking sportsbook an official. sports betting partner of the nfl. new customers check this out can bet. five dollars on football and get you're probably like what do we get you know we have a 500. no you get 200 instantly in bonus betsy. just bet five dollars on football. get two hundred dollars instantly in bonus bets. uh nobody's missing out. on the action this season. all draftkings customers can take advantage. of two new offers. every game day this this september. i just can't believe it. get in on the nfl. week two action that's when it really kicks. in week one is ah week. two you're in full swing. with draftkings sportsbook download the app now and use the code. lifeline to sign up new customers can bet. just five dollars and take home. 200 instantly in bonus bets. only on draftkings sportsbook with code. lifeline the crown is yours. so who you got my guys always suck. but i believe it on this. here the jets. that got aaron rodgers baby. and they're playing the cowboys. come on jets. okay so you like the jets. and that's who we're going for the cowboys. in week two okay. cool so go to. draftkings sportsbook download the app and you can use the code. lifeline and it uh everyone everyone's a winner gambling. problem call 1800 gambler or visit www. dot 1800gambler dot net. in new york call 18778 hope and why. or text hope and why. that's 46 73 69. in connecticut. help is available for problem. gambling call 888789777 or visit ccpg. dot org please play responsibly on. behalf of boot hill casino. and resort kansas 21. plus age varies by jurisdiction void. in ontario c sportsbook.draftkicks dot com. football terms for eligibility terms and responsible. gaming resources bonus bets expire. seven days after issuance. eligibility and deposit restrictions apply. hey guys i love the podcast. wow um very collective to. this person my question is what how do you respond. to people that keep asking you to. hang out when like it's really the last thing. you want to. do is to. hang out with them obviously if it was someone. that you didn't see very. often you could like brush it off. but i have people in my life. at work and like neighbors. oh worse organically often oh that. keep asking to. hang out when they just make me feel uncomfortable. and i don't have like a lot. of free time on my hands. so it's not really something i want to. do so how do you respond. to those people um beyond. like let me check my schedule. or i'll get back to. you every single time. thank you oh you don't want. to have too much. i have so much going. on like i i i'll when i free. up i'll let you know. yeah but then yeah that dude. man yeah i know your neighbor. dude that's honestly you should never ask. to hang out with your neighbor. the neighbor is actually off limits and the fact that your neighbors. are asking you to. hang out is is step i mean. one step beyond like okay. like that's beyond the threshold. you're not allowed to. do that here's the thing. though if it's not your neighbor. and they're just texting you here's what you got to. do and it's sad. and it sucks but you gotta not respond. you just gotta not respond. the neighbor thing you might ah neighbors are tricky. though especially if in her case if it's a man. you got to be careful. because the he's already yeah. i'm leaning towards saying he's a psychopath. for asking you to. hang out in the first place. because he's your neighbor right. not fully saying he's a psychopath. but like he's already doing it. wrong so you don't want to. like right express he doesn't understand. boundaries yeah yeah and so when i want to. hang out sometime no i just think oh man. the neighbor one's really hard. that's really tough but you might have to. say something man you might have to. just be like look i i just i think it's i've had maybe maybe you lie. and say i've had bad experiences. in the past becoming friends. with my neighbor oh yeah i'm just like i don't think it's the best. idea i love how you're friendly. i'm always gonna be friendly. to you but like i don't think like hanging out is best. that's so even saying that. sounds hard though i don't i know i'm not even. recommending that but it might have to. come to that yeah it might have to. come to that i mean. i you know or dude. ignore the [ __ ] out of them like be be rude without using yeah that might be the move be rude without using your voice. like hey adrian adrian you know adrian her name no but i'm saying. we don't call the neighbor. a wrong name yeah. no then definitely no i'm saying. they're saying to her. hey no i don't know. it might not be it might be but okay. so say her name is adrian okay. hey adrian adrian oh god and then adrian just keeps on she keeps on. walking adrian she keeps on walking. adrian what hey it just keeps on. walking well that's pretty crazy. but i think that but whatever you gotta do what. you gotta do next thing. you do when you move. you just whenever somebody says something. i don't speak english yeah. right yeah like that. you gotta kinda unfortunately especially if you're a woman. you gotta kind of i hate saying. this you got to. kind of not be that nice. to your neighbors oh. yeah that is true. it sucks man. but it's true that is true. you really that is true. i've seen men get the wrong. idea it's just like what are you. thinking you dumbass biologically we have to. get the wrong idea you know. it's true but like men don't always take. it the right way when they realize they've gotten the wrong. idea right unlike me when i realized i got the wrong. idea the last thing i want. to do i'm so hip to. like i haven't gotten the whole idea oh my bad. forget it forget you. ever saw me you know. what i mean he ever saw me. i don't exist uh that's so sad. but i don't know i'm nothing. wipe your ass with me. please um but yeah some guys. just don't take kindly to. that but whatever i i feel for you. you're in a tough spot. but if it's all if it's via text. friends yeah i agree with that the texting one that's easier. the neighbor thing's harder but if it comes to. it just fully ignore. them and then if that doesn't work you go. you might just have to. say look yeah lie and say i've had a bad experience. in the past i don't i have. rule i don't become friends. with my neighbors i'll always be friendly. with you though and i apologize if that. isn't what you want to. hear but like that's just that's a rule. i've made and i have to. go buy it simple. as that you know. nobody can argue with like past bad. experiences yeah there you go. so yeah you're welcome. okay next one hey kristen uh matt forgot. my name how you doing. it's uh coming at you from the grand. old state of connecticut from. grand average state i guess. okay um my question is uh it's kind of it. kind of applies to you more. so chris but matt would love your insight. uh freshly new dad um and i'm losing a lot. of sleep because of the fear. of when we put our baby. to bed oh no uh she could turn over maybe hurt. herself uh does this go away. is there any mental. trick trick that i can you know. do to to help me sleep. and put peace of mind. or does it get worse. as to get older. and then they actually start rolling over. all right well life rips before. you go let me just say. one thing i've heard this. on authority like from doctors babies can't. roll over or no when babies are ready. to roll over is when they can handle being something. that has rolled over right. so like if your baby is rolling over. they can handle being on their stomachs until. that point you never want to. put your baby face down. because they can't handle it. but if they're doing it on their own. they can handle it is what. i understand go ahead calvin and billy. both only slept on their stomach from infancy right. so on their stomach so you're putting his mind. at ease you're saying right no. yes right okay like he's scared. of them sleeping on their stomach he is yeah. billy and calvin both only slept. on their stomach and they're great. so well there you go. yeah i mean like i think that the betting. thing is the is the is the main thing. it's like just have only the cover. of the actual what do. you call it yeah no loose. blankets yeah no loose blanketing. but um we you know. you you swaddle them all up. yeah they're like this so i mean yeah that i here's i think the grander. thing is you're just worried. would because you're in territory that. you've never experienced before. with calvin my thing was oh god. i don't want to. feed him or watch. him eat because he he could choke he's gonna choke he's just gonna get every every when they start. eating every baby they start they choke and they just work. through it and i sitting through oh god dude. that was so so hard. for me um specifically because you thought it. was a joke yeah. okay so and that was my thing. right you know but do you realize how like unnecessary. it was to. worry like that i do. now yeah that i have billy because i'm worried. away less way less about everything although he hasn't started eating hard food. yet right so maybe i still will be a little bit. but that was my thing. um you're just dealing with anxiety. of being a firsttime dad. and this is how it's presenting. itself nothing's gonna happen to. your baby when you're when it's rolled over. i mean yes yeah that's like you know. i mean i get sids. is a real thing so don't infant. that but but it usually isn't just from. rolling over sids yeah right. exactly there's like a what are they called. cats runners on the on the pads. on the crib that that leads to. sids uh cats rarely why you saying cats. okay they go in and they steal. their breath cats like felines felines. run in and they go and they they dip up over the baby. and they go and they steal. their breath a witch doctor okay okay. yeah you have a cat. be careful yeah you're a new. dad though it makes sense. that you'd be worried about. this and that and you know. it's all gonna like anything else. that people are new at what you're worried. about is gonna get less and less as time. goes on which you realize how much everything's actually always okay. yeah yeah do cats. do some like oh [ __ ] no man. hey man no do cats. steal baby's breath no. no but i thought maybe that. would have been a problem. the the the fear is that the cat. will curl up next to. the baby's mouth and obviously but that's it. that and so that's what i was asking. right but i'm making a joke. that they've don't do that. that they in fact rob a baby's insides. which is not what's true. so yeah yeah can't but that's 100. obvious cats can't do that. dude is there some sort of truth. or the cat baby's breath. no but they cut up. again that's what i'm trying. to get i thought i heard something like that. the cat's still you know what i did. hear something that is a nicolas. cage movie i know you're doing. michael i'm kidding but like obviously. yeah i know i know i know i'm already. falling out hacking into. my computer and blasting out. nword tweets um no we'll have. a chat afterwards [laughter]. i'm not a fat guy. oh you failed to. turn that on for us. okay not me not me. dude make it hit me. more during one of the first. few episodes um about a friend. who had bad breath. and matt you recommended stabbing him. and so i stabbed him. his breath got better but i wanted. to call him today because i uh you guys have mentioned water. stores a few times in recent. episodes and i had i got to. tell you my first job. in 10th grade was at. a water store in a suburb of detroit. and people would come in and buy drinking. water there and all it was was like it. was water from the tap. that went through this machine yeah. right um it was called. the alkalizer it was like the size of like a toaster and it would just make the ph. a little bit higher and people would come through. and buy it for like seven. or eight dollars a gallon whoa. um and he did you know. the guy who owned the store. like peddled all these benefits like it can cure cancer. which is wildly this. water will cure cancer. it'll cure heart disease and cholesterol issues. and like all these things two years. after i left that. job the guy died. from freaking heart issues like the thing. he said his water. would cure and yeah i went out. to get a degree. in biology and looking back. on that i think the whole. thing for the most part was pretty much. a scam and so um yeah anyway love you guys chris can't wait to. see you in nashville. at the ryman auditorium september 9th get your tickets. at chrisley dot com matt. love you as well see you guys soon. dude why don't people do that. for me i don't have to. do it that's awesome. what a great guy. that guy was that guy. was a great guy. sorry we told you to. stab your friend that guy. is a guy i would be friends. with yeah he i would too actually you know. what dude that guy seems like a total chill. dude i would hang out with yeah. yeah like not in the stole my thunder. you would hang out with me. [laughter] we want to. be that guy's friend well yeah but that no. so here's the thing we run. into he may be crazy. and i'm gonna end up seeing. him in nashville so that's the thing. about that is you can say. it but be careful. because he could end up being like stabbing. me like he did with his friends. he's known to stab people. my thing is i can say. whatever i want and i think he that. guy that guy is one of my best. friends okay well how out of how many uh i think that uh that's crazy. yeah but here the thing. about a water store remember when they started. bottling water everyone was like this. is a scam what really i don't remember that. yeah it was like throw up. uh i when was it like it was in the 80s. i don't think they did. that in the 70s and [ __ ] no no no right no no no no they had they they have out of water. before that no i don't even think in the 80s. right right yeah it could be even. be 90s but i remember when they i have a memory scam. it's like it's convenience there's no like well no because before. that people would just do it. out of the tap. tap they said it's in 60. oh you're saying okay. i got you yeah yeah yeah but they were like glass yeah yeah yeah 1622. i mean what just with a bottle of arrowhead in the 70s. it said yeah dude. i know who spinoza is. okay well i don't spinoza and leibniz just cheers. in with dasani bottles. all right man you know yeah. yeah i remember one. day in the heretic just cheers. i remember when there was a an explosion. of you know bottled water. and then people were like what is this. i just drink it from. the top i remember people. in my childhood being like nah. just drink the tap water. yeah sure right and now that's not even. fathomable people i mean i'm are now. for different reasons getting away. from the bottle because of right. environmental stuff yes which i understand. that but this thing is just like going. to a store where you buy. your water i mean solely seems like a step. back it's a like it seems like something. in 16. it is a scam like and also if you want your water. to be better balanced and in alkalizer. get yeah an alkalizer. right but honestly who is a girl. who is alkalizer no dude. no i wanted to say. it go and drink your own. piss honestly but just do it through a filtration system. like bear grylls you know. there's a baseball player. named alkaline this is baseball player named albert pujols too and that is disgusting that is but alkaline is there is really not a chris berman alkaline water he would do that but yeah he definitely would yeah there's albert pujols and when i told that i was like you realize his last name is poo holes he laughed and he said he didn't realize it and i'm observing and dad wasn't for that yeah dad you messed up did you ever think about that for pool halls yeah remember that big video game that him and i used to play at the baseball game where it had this really like dumb like romanticizing baseball song okay like like a japanese thing no no like it was very american like heritage america oh okay the heritage of baseball and like it was very sweeping music that would play i don't know that and you would make up lyrics oh yes i do remember them yes i hate you you loved it yeah but you asked me to do it no no no you would ask me to do it okay do it now i don't remember the tune it was um what was the game yeah i don't remember the game we can never remember baseball video games the last ones wait what chris what music that they used for that game was the theme song to the natural it was okay yeah yeah it was oh so type in video game do theme song to the natural that's it yeah this is n't right here yeah let's see we can't play it though yeah oh you're right i mean that's enough okay we gotta turn it off because we'll get demonetized but um what was the video game i wonder who cares uh all right cool shrooms mario luigi okay all right watch out totally small hey chris randy here about an hour and a half southeast of montreal which is where i'll be seeing you chris on september 22nd edition i got meet and greet tickets been a fan for a long time i'm so excited to meet you but uh where i need advice is uh i just started this side business where i weld and make metal art repairs and stuff like that okay i make some simple stuff and some more interesting pieces like flowers and things like that tarantulas i guess i'm seeking advice on how to confidently price my things and stick. to it because i'll work hard. on something somebody will be like i'm interested. how much i'll give them. a price they'll be like only that i'll take it. for sure i thought it'd be more which means i lost. out on a lot of money that. i think i deserve if i did. the work um so i i also worry about them. being like that's way. too much it's kind of like telling me. that like they think it's not. worth it you're not good. enough it's not worth it. it's a deeper i know. yeah but yeah so how do i just confidently stick. with it and be like it is what it. is because i want to. make sales but i don't want to. work super hard for like almost no profit. you know and before i go. chris if you want a metal. rose for kristen i'd be glad to. send that and if you want anything. in the world i'll build it. for you so thanks a lot. guys hope you guys that's so cute. oh dude let me get a house. i'm making a house shout out to. this guy whatever maybe his thing. is we have his thing. and if you want a medal. put his website on the screen. um but you know i there's two ways. you can do this i always think pricing something. with i'm a i'm a sucker. so like if you take a new brand. okay i've never heard of i walk. in and it's five dollars. why i'm whatever it is. okay i'm less likely to. buy it than if it's a hundred dollars. oh you're an idiot i know. i'm a [ __ ] idiot because a lot of people are like that i know and i and i am fully admitting. yeah i i am an idiot. for this what's good is that. you're admitting it most people are. like that don't even recognize. i i i i i realize it's happening. too and i'm like i still want. it more yeah it's stupid. it's i you know what. the calling you an idiot isn't fair. it's a very very much like a human. thing but it works. that is common now listen. in terms of pricing things don't price. something that makes doing the thing. in the first place not worth. your time no well the other thing. i was going to. say is consider how much time. you've put in right. put a price on the hour. and then make that the cost. of the thing which is why. i was gonna say i'm not hijacked. it but yes i hijacked. it yeah yeah yeah so exactly. what you're going to. say exactly what i was gonna say. figure out an hour. wage for you yeah and how then calculate how long it costs. to make a thing deduce. the material thing exactly and then add the materials. as well you know cost. of doing business baby. yeah but that's what i think and then just honestly. stick by it dude. and if someone says well i see it's forty dollars. but i'll give you 30. and if you want to. do that then okay right. but don't don't back down from. figure out the price that's what the price. is and i think that that's cool. yeah and then if you of course as he's saying if you want to. bend for a certain buyer or several then go. for it you don't need to. be like an a dick. about it right. but don't under price your stuff. just he should know that. also pricing something perfectly in anything. is like one of the hardest. things to do yeah. art dude someone will pay like yeah 10 grand for the dumbest looking painting you. ever saw it is weird. dude because i always argue with my uh tour. guys i'm like dude. make my tickets less money. i want to. have just more people come the beginning. i wanted to have a higher. price especially when i came back. because i only wanted my real fans. to come but now i'm like well. maybe we should lower the ticket. prices because i want to. fill out i want to. i want people to. be happy i want everyone selling. out what's the problem i know so doesn't matter it doesn't matter monetarily but i still feel like there are people that won't come sometimes. because it's too expensive. okay and that makes me sad. what about that green. paper though the yaper i. gotta stack it i get it. yeah but it's uh well one thing. i've noticed too is that people really do understand. when you put a premium. on your own product like i've had many. people and i haven't changed the price. but i've had many people be like you should definitely be charging. more for these i always said you should and so from now. on it's i'm gonna charge a thousand. dollars a minute for the advice. sessions but it's like also you wanna. you wanna you wanna. maximize your profit by. let's say you know. the [ __ ] morgan whalen may you know sells tickets. for a hundred dollars and he sells tens. of thousands of tickets. on his tour or hundreds. of thousands obviously millions even but um and then you see. he said he makes his tickets. five hundred dollars and he sells way. less but the profit. is more do you know. what i'm saying yeah constantly you're trying. to figure and then you're you're battling. okay there's another guy that people are coming. to see more if he's on you know he's the new hot. new musician or whatever. the [ __ ] and it's like you you never really know you're never gonna get that perfect price point of this. is the most money i could have possibly. made i would guess i'm thinking about it. too too much now. but no you're right that's exactly. the right things you just started. you know but um but yeah i i just um i don't know. i guess that's hopefully that helps but don't don't don't be. insecure about it basically it's my my main point yes price what you want period. give it give every piece a price. and that's the price if someone asks. specifically can i i can't afford that can i do. 10 whatever you know. sure but um all right. upside down chris you've got me. through some tough times matt. the other reason chris is hilarious. so keep doing what you're doing. i have younger siblings. and we couldn't do without you that's cute. yes boys i had to. get on here to. talk about these water stores growing. up they were all over my community. yeah see i asked. my parents what's up. with these water stores they explained. to me that in second and third. one countries you can't rely on drinking. water from the tap. so you had to. go get your water. yeah delivered or go pick. it up yourself i try. to explain to. them you know in this. country the water districts have to. go through certain regulations uh they don't trust it they refuse. to drink oh interesting they trust. this water store and these water stores take advantage. of the trust that these people have in them. so that's why there's a lot. of them in some of the yeah. more urban communities uh it's unfortunate but it's uh they refuse. to trust trap. water so that's why there's so many in urban. communities dude you are a good person. for expanding my mind right. now thank you i did. not i never would have guessed. that well you know that. they take advantage of them. of course but the specific about immigrant thing. immigrants thing that i never ever would have thought you think the store owners are saying you know he's saying they're exploiting immigrants because they don't trust tap water. from experience in their own. country i understand that but do you think that the store. owners know that and pray on. that the immigrant i don't know. if it's like that's a predatory but no no. that was a strong word. but i probably know yeah. yeah yeah yeah because a lot. of them are immigrants themselves. right very very good one. pound water they're like that. very very good one. gallon water yeah like so so it's not. okay so because yeah because you're not seeing those. things in beverly hills right. no no no no no no way. no we don't get that. [ __ ] delivered anyway yeah interesting very very very interesting okay thanks man hi chris and max love the show yes i know i'm bald anyway let's make this quick because it's a long time in the netherlands i live in australia. um to extend my one. year visa with another year. i have to do. three months of farm work for some reason. which i'm doing right. now wow and it's all good. but two weeks ago. the farmer sent me to. their parents place to. work there for a couple of days. because they're trying to. sell the house and they can do it. in themselves i'm like sure. i go there with my own. car uh it's not my job. you know it's not farming. but whatever i do this i don't complain. much and after these three days the parents. were lovely by the way. they uh gave me a 750. tip on top of my wages and i'm like i can't accept that that's way. too much but they refused to. take it back they said no. you did a great job. we're gonna sell the house. now here's 750 on there. all right go back to. the farm i told this story because i'm an honest. guy he's gonna and they were like oh yeah that's crazy. that's too much but uh then i noticed they took it out. of my way just without telling me. now 750 doesn't really oh my goodness. now these parents think that they gave me a huge gift. which their daughter basically you know. took and the daughter told the parents. that they would give it to. me which so now she's lying and i just feel bad. and it's not because of the money. but because of these lovely old. people think they gave me this. huge amount of money. and they didn't basically they just paid. me so i don't know what to. do do i tell the parents. like hey they give this. is what happens their daughter. and you know maybe instigate a family. fight which i don't want to. get fired because a farm job is hard to. find and if i don't finish this. then i can't stay in australia. or do i just you know. let it go and yeah i don't know because this is a weird. situation anyway um love to. hear from y'all like rips awesome. yeah ciao okay so he has to. do fun you don't understand. i understand that yeah he was working. on this woman's farm yeah. she said uh my parents. need help yeah i'm getting. i understand then what are you asking. i said the daughter yeah. the daughter you should know. you're pissing me off yeah. but he went back to. work for the daughter after that. told the daughter and then she took the money. she kept no she she reduced. seven she took out 750 of his bridges. oh that's crazy though it's completely crazy. so i think i totally understood once you're done. don't say [ __ ] you don't you can't because you can't risk. losing you don't want to. hear you yeah exactly you don't. want to give yourself that heck. but why did you tell the daughter. i would have never told the daughter. right but i get that. because he's so honest. yeah but he's also so like probably so touched. swedes he's just like swedes just are beautiful. your parents are so sweet. they tip me so well like i can't believe it. and i told them. no no but whatever i guess swede. is almost sweet right okay. yeah but swedish people are just on another level. man and they make great. films but go ahead okay. let me finish that uh wait. till you're done then the very day. you're done or maybe there's some paperwork. that she needs to. fill out wait till all of it's done. get make sure you have the address. of where the parents went. to afterwards because i'm sure they'd share it with you because they like you immediately tell them once once the whole book is closed on your farming thing. yeah your case closed. tell them and i don't know. agree their daughter is a piece. of hot steaming australia [ __ ] i don't agree. with that okay you gotta after. everything's done agree with that part. you've got to. approach the daughter first and you got to. say yo that was messed. up you gotta give him my 750. back then if that doesn't work then you go. to the parents is there. any way this was a mistake. no way how how could that. be a mistake i mean. i guess i guess he could have she could have understood that. oh they charged him he charged her. more or something yeah i guess. it could be she's saying like i would i would be like sorry. did some is there i'm confused. there was a bonus here and then it was just removed that's a way. to approach it if you're a normal. person yeah but no if it was a normal. job in a normal situation. yes but he's in a situation. where he's an immigrant and wants to. extend his visa and doesn't want to. jeopardize his threemonth thing what i'm saying. that thing after the threemonth bank. he could set up yeah. he could yeah if you want to. be a normal person yeah but who wants to. be a normal person you go. when 750 is on the line. you want to. be a normal person but if all you want is a 750 you go back. to the you get the girl. in trouble no dude no snitching. man you go back to. this person with no snitching. but all bets are off with this [ __ ] who's not given this who's literally she took 700. away from this pork except for marco's. right it could be a misunderstanding it. could example it's probably he could she could have understood it. as when he told her oh this. is what he charged instead. yeah they they overpaid him. they overpaid it's it's she thought. it should be the companies what about. the fact that he only ever used the word. tip if yes that is that is most likely what happened why are we being so generous. to this because you have to. be an [ __ ] because you have you've only heard him talk you don't know the what she thought you don't know. she but she could also just be a [ __ ] [ __ ] no i don't think it's criminal or [ __ ] what i think is she thinks he took advantage of her parents that okay and doesn't deserve that. that's not her [ __ ] call that's why it makes me. so mad but that's you still have to. go to her though but she's taking the okay. fine but she's taking the agency. away from her parents and that's what pisses me. off the most okay she's basically saying they're not allowed. to tip you that i'm deciding. now out of my [ __ ] wages that i'm paying you to. not give them to. you stop it what's happening. it's a deeper went through. this room yeah i mean i don't know i i either. way you gotta approach her first. because this whole thing about snitching. is [ __ ] you you can if she says no go [ __ ] yourself then you tell the parents well she here's the thing why i don't like you don't just too many steps yeah but you need to. give people the benefit of the doubt. on their intention i don't. think so she's mistreating a [ __ ] immigrant who has no recourse that's [ __ ] up if she's intentionally doing that yes you think she's possibly making an error wow. it is so generous. it is that it's such a generous. reading of the situation it is possible. i don't believe that's what's happening. but it's possible i think this guy's probably spot. on it's possible there's a [ __ ] sausage in my ass right now but there isn't and i don't have. to check you know. what i'm saying no you would feel it. a hundred percent and know 100. maybe somebody numbed my butt. this is less about giving her the benefit of the doubt. and just as a path. to sort of resolving this or at least. confronting it in a very diplomatic way. he's right yeah he's right. just be like i'm sorry. was there a confusion and it would also force her. to put into. words what she did or what she was thinking. she's like yeah yeah you didn't deserve that. or i don't know yeah. i like what he said. better than what you said. okay they don't want to. give it to. you it was my insurance. money just give it to. me and then in the event. that she's like yeah we actually can't. afford to pay you or whatever. [ __ ] reason is that you would then just respond with oh okay and and be cool. as a cucumber so you're not jeopardizing. your job or risking anything. that's what i think you also want. to hear her side. of the story don't you wouldn't you. i would i don't think you're for sure. risking your job just by asking no but you could also wait no harm. no yeah what's the point. he even said himself. 700 isn't that much of a big. deal like that that to. me is the main a primary thing the fact that the money is meaningless. to him is an important. part of the story like he's not in need of that. 750 and so it's not about the money. even a little bit all. in fact i bet he doesn't even. care if he gets it. it's all about this in his mind. stay there this piece of [ __ ] woman. oh i know obviously yeah make sure again. make sure you see it. all the way through and only do any of this. once everything's completely done and your immigration your visa. is extended but dude that. is that is makes me mad. if that's 100 what happened. then that's infuriating yeah. that's terrible yeah yeah you know. and and it sounds like that. is what happens yeah yeah. right yeah but like if it were me in that. situation i would just want to. i would have to. understand i would i would ask that. woman what about it. because i want to. know what's going on in her. head the fact that she would do that. and not say anything. is astounding to me dude. what a [ __ ] [ __ ] unless she misunderstood but which is not probable right okay i'm pissed yeah i'm pissed i'm piscus what i'm saying is valid. and i'm pissed okay and you need to. understand that okay i do okay. so yes i'll be in cleveland. and yes i'll be in pittsburgh. and philadelphia and all that stuff. and virginia and baltimore. chrysler dot com patreon dot com. lifeline luxury for our lifeline. luxury shows um and uh you gotta go check those. out there's a bunch of them now that we have on there. if you go sign up now. you can listen all the backgrounds. yeah um and uh if you have a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com or message. us on the hotline. all below in the description and i got the merchant lifelinemerch dot com. leave a message leave a comment subscribe. and uh you know you want to. be a oneonone with me. you want a private beautiful. session make your life better. make your life much better. you go to magically dot com. and book it with me. and that's that that's that [music]. 