 [music] runk hey guys i got a date. coming up here in torrance. california i don't even know. where that is but it's in jun june 30th. uh and then i got australia. but check out all these new dates. dude wiah dallas memphis st. louis um new new zealand. we know about oxnard california. macallen texas bowmont texas hopefully that link. finally works peter ontario london ontario. duth minnesota uh for some reason. thunderbay ontario for some reason lexington kentucky birmingham. alabama montgomery alabama october 11th. mobile alabama and sou. falls south dakota for some reason. get your tickets at chrystal. lea dot com and this. is the new episode of congratulations. crazy crazy crazy crazy congratulations am i actually playing that. many in alabama that's that's weird. i i i guess hey well let's see if there's a market for it. i don't i got to. i i got to. admit the south is not necessarily my market um birmingham. montgomery and mobile yeah wow. okay three of them um but you know you never know. you never know i got um uh i guess. i'm looking forward to. going there is it. going to be hot. what what what what time. of year is it mobile no. no september september or yeah. um october no not hot so anyway. um yeah i i i i i i don't know. i'm in i'm in it. go to my website chr dot com. but anyway uh this is what's up. and i'm having a good time. i guess i i've been let my beard. grow out a little bit more. um and that's really important. right to discuss because. uh i don't know i want my hair. is finally getting a little gray. my hair hair not my beard hair. finally getting a little gray. and we like that uh i got a little bit. of grays over on this. side and a little bit. no on this side. a little bit grays over. on this side. and um i'm waiting for them. to come in dude. because i want i want my hair hair to. match my face hair i don't like when the face hair doesn't match. the hair hair i don't like that. and we know that we know. that i don't like that but there's nothing i can. do about i'm not going to. dye my hair i've never dy my hair. once i would dy gr i'm going. to dy it all gray. [music] um i am straight. up hooked oh well. i'm not i'm done being hooked on it. because uh it's it's i finished. it i binged it and i watched. that king of collectibles season. 2 on uh netflix and dude. i watched season one. and like i liked it. okay i liked season one. and then i turned on season. 2 and i really like that. dude season 2 was so great. and then king of collectibles. so look it's this. thing it's a golden collectibles. is the he he he man. the market for these i don't understand. the market at all honestly but i'll tell you i'll tell you what dude. people want things that other people had and that's crazy. like if you think about it. right to pay a million. dollars for jackie robinson's. bat okay i get it. has historical significance or if it's you. know you're you're paying for documents. that uh um uh uh uh einstein hand wrote on. the theory of relativity okay i get that right. um and then there's just like stuff you know. that that i feel like is on the fringe of it. where it's like who frinking cares. like they you know they'll have like cleopatra's hand. mummified and it's like okay. so much money but then it's like the drum set in the flintstones with j. john goodman who's buying it who is. what sad sack is buying. it now i i then it's like okay. so it's a business so if you can get it. for the certain amount of money. okay to sell it. for a certain amount of money. okay but then it's like you're doing. that with people's things and then that feels bad. to me like if you're doing it. to bab ruth's jersey and you're just you're being this. guy who buys babe ruth's jersey. to sell bab ruth's jersey and if you don't. love oh here there's two things. about this if then you're making a buck. off of babe ruth then it's like you're a little bit like a paparazzi kind of guy. okay but then if you're just like think about a guy who wants to. own bab br's jersey and gets bab br's jersey jersey and then he's like a doctor somewhere and that's fine. but say he like you know writes prescriptions. to people when he doesn't like necessarily need to. and he's like ah we'll give you this. and that and and it's like all. so there you go. you take some perco. setes there you go you have that take two of these it. doesn't matter take two of these call. me in the morning. you'll be high higher. than a [ __ ] and and and do that and then h it's all good. and and then you that's the guy that has bab brw's jersey and it's like yeah. i don't know if babe. ruth was a great guy. but what if babe ruth was a great. guy and then you just got this. jerky doctor in 2024 just like i got babe. ruth's jersey it seems like all [ __ ] up so i don't want any part in it but i did take my old comic books out hey what are you going to. do i love that show. dude i love that. show because those guys are all passionate about. what they do and you got to. be if the pokemon shit's crazy. i just i you know. i got out my old comic books. and i go and i look at it. and i'm like yo there's got to. be something in here my wife. got him out right. and i was like i called. my mom cuz i said to. i said to. my wife i was like dude. hey babe this is not all of them. guess what we're hey we're in luck. it's not all of them. it's not all of them. and she says really i said yeah. she said these are the only ones we have i said i'm calling my mommy. called my mommy she said i gave him. to a guy named evan who's evan. i don't know i don't i think she's may. be making it up she said it. was a cousin dude. making it up so i said can you check the closet. and she said yeah sure it's been 4. days didn't check the closet. oh good my dad fell. twice in two days same. time said the same thing. during the in the same. [ __ ] room little bit alarming he's 76. so anyway um fell adults. will just senior citizens. will just start falling dude. they just start falling you know. my mom fell plenty of times. my dad starting to. fall that's that's you know it's sad. i guess it's sad. but it's like you know what adults. need they don't even need uh. walkers they cuz that's that's like a little bit. uh what do you call. it uh dis uh you know emasculating for man. and you know i get it. you insecure with the walker. and a cane cane. you can kind of be a badass. and be like an evil. villain if so got like you get like just get like a crystallized. you know eyeball on the top. of it and you're fine. or like a raven's claw but like if you if you just uh have a walker. it's like what you're just. an old person you know. they could really figure out. something a lot. better you know like uh a huge [ __ ] inner tube or like a michelin man. style outfit because you could just rock. it and just be like hey if i fall i'm all good. remember that idiotic. thing that people had when when the um when the uh when the pandemic. started and they just made the the the big. ass like six foot um. gate around them like just so it like they people would stay far away. remember that i saw that. somewhere and that's just so so stupid. but um yeah i think that i think that um i don't know. it's kind of weird getting. older i like look i'm 44. and my shoulder hurts and i'm like okay. i guess i got an mri. and like i'm just like oh i just won't use my right. arm uh until maybe i guess i get surgery. if i have to. or is it or is it. is it something that i have to. do where i do physical. therapy or both you know. you get surgery and and then look looked up. what if i tore my rotator cuff i looked at my rotator cuff. i say oh what's the surgery. what's the what's the what's the uh percentage. that it fixes it and they said. 95% and i go okay. that's good because it was i think it. was 90% when i got my nose. fixed didn't [music] work um but my shoulder blinding pain. sometimes so it's all good. blinding pain but it's. all good blinding pain. dude came up the street. the other day hit the g. a little bit one. of my son's uh matchbox cars. came forward off the dash. didn't know it was on the dash. was on the dash. came flying forward went. to go catch it dude. blinding [music] pain blinding. pain on my shoulder pulled. over he's a puss pulled over. my son was in the back. seat didn't want him to. be alarmed felt like. [ __ ] now he knows his his father's a puss and so i pulled over and i go and it was it's one of those throbbing. pains it goes and then goes away. a little bit and then comes back. and it and it happens. like nine or 10. times and it is a 10. pain okay it is a well. as soon as it happens. i think saw my head. off saw my head off saw my head. off dude i can't take it. every time it happens. saw my head off and then it and then it goes away. a little bit i go. never mind don't s my head. off but here it comes. again s my head off dude. it hurts so bad and so and so i just think this is it. dude maybe i got 10 years. left and but my son's there. in the back and uh and he says what's wrong. dad what's wrong and i'm and i'm like it's okay. buddy just uh no i'm all good. just sit tight he says what's wrong. and you i can't you i can't. shut up cuz he's four and it just making it. worse and i'm just like yeah. buddy hold on what's wrong. and then he says he says i said i just hurt. my shoulder buddy it'll be all right and he says just take two deep ws and i was like that's the [ __ ] i say to. make you feel better it. doesn't really work oh god. just take two deep ws so i had to. cuz my [ __ ] was now put on me. so i'm like and he says feel better. and i to be honest. i did feel a little bit better. but it still hurt. like hell but i felt a little bit. better like the so i i was pissed. off that i felt better. because that works and like where was i what. was i doing for 44 years. not doing the breathing in and breathing out. [ __ ] breathe in breathe. out breathe in breathe. out dude that's song rips. right who is it perv. screams out bush producer goes bush. perv um breathe in breathe. out um so anyway i was watching king of collectibles. and i'm like dude i'm going. to get into i'm such a lunatic. dude i took out all the comic books. then looked up 46. videos on youtube about comic books. got one amazing spiderman. that is if it's a 10. it's a $115,000 it's $155,000 if it's a 9.9 it's $300 no. i'm kidding i don't know. what it is but it's always like it's like a huge drop off. and you know the whole grading. thing is the the comic book. the baseball cards comic sports. the the grading thing really [ __ ] everything. right because now everybody. wants a 10 but there's no tens. out there and and you know you have to. pay to get them. graded and it's just all. messed up so i i watched. the show and it's all good. i posted a thing on um the uh on my on. my uh on my instagram. this is phenomenal actually i don't like when you see. cars with track numbers on them. okay hey dude hey hey if i'm on the freeway and you're driving by with a seven on take it off. all right all right look. i hey dude oh are you go. hey dude are you not going to. the track take it off. are you going to. the track take it off. put it on when you get there. hey dude you're not number seven. on the 101 okay. hey dude you're not racing. other camry and audi and some. jalopies and nice cars. on the way to. the track take it off. what are you number. 11 nah dude you're in the middle lane okay now i don't give a [ __ ] if you have a miata okay i don't care how surprisingly agile and surprisingly you know how the handling is in the miata. yeah but you know. it justes makes me laugh okay. yeah sure you got a great. motor under yours but you know. makes me laugh you you know. you go around a few. turns the miata is king. oh yeah you dark. all right take the eight. off how about that take the eight. off i don't care put it on when you get there. yeah but it's b yeah it's annoying. yeah but it's and you know. what or don't take it. off don't take it off because i'll tell you what if i was in a racing. and i had to put a nine on. my car okay if i was into. racing and had to. do that i might leave it. on just because i don't want to. have to keep put it back. on and back off but guess what i realize while i'm driving. down the 405 doing it. mador okay especially in my [ __ ] [ __ ] ass miata. you what is it electric blue. [ __ ] ass what is it. maroon you [ __ ] ass dude first of all if you have a convertible shake. my hand hey i'm chris. nice to meet you [ __ ] ass. hey hey hey hey miata you might as well. call your car the jumanji. it's dorky okay it's dorky. don't care how it handles okay. don't care how it handles my [ __ ] handles. it my [ __ ] handles real nice i'm not leaving it out. on the 101 okay. done it to. piss in a bottle but not doing it. you know what i mean. so it's just like it's so so i posted. this thing all right. it had a guy with a miata. on miata in the in the in the right. lane dude i'm going to. read some of the comments. it was unbelievable i put it on reals. on instagram [ __ ] went belly. up but that's when i'm in my zone. dude don't make me don't make me. in don't let me in my zone. don't let me in my zone. don't let me in my zone. when his belly up. though so i put the miata. thing on there drove by and i just i mean. dude just for [ __ ] and giggles. too just for shits. and giggles he drove by and i said as he drove. by i said not fooling anyone. like whatever it means you know. okay hey you got meata. you go put meas on racetracks okay. you're on the one1 i think it's dorky. you have an 18. on your on the side. of your car when you're when you're when you're exiting. glendale boulevard you know what i mean. where you going [laughter]. islands so anyway so i put this you would have thought i said [ __ ] keano reeves. you would have thought you would have thought i said uh uh you know. who's the other guy that. that everyone likes and [ __ ] i don't care. it was is unbelievable. the the the the the so so anyway the the the um the the the guy writes on the on the comments. so wait so i go on. let me go to the comments. actually cu this is just great. um this is what i wrote. i'm not fooling anyone when you wr. r by who cares. right dude um you've become someone who is just totally out. of touch here's another one. uh um quite clearly the track. toy you miss with this. one my favorite is my favorite. is ah you thought you ate huh. hey dude i'm just i don't. know man i just put up. dude real question is why the [ __ ] are you going so slow. in the left lane ah it's cars. there look at this. some people hey bab make sure you don't hit the camera. yeah yeah it's all good. it's just my livelihood some people have to. drive their cars their track cars to. the actual track it's okay. to let people enjoy things punching down. and out of your element. ain't it dude dude punching down i didn't call. him a riri this. one was funny probably on his way. to a crystal leo show. that was funny um look at this. look at this look at this. look at this look at this. dude chris would be in last place. and lapped in spec. miata racing at least. this guy's tracking his car. yeah yeah man yeah i'd be last place. look look look and then the other person says to. him that celebrities for you stuck. up their own ass. so far dude hey you guys don't know each other yo dude. to somebody at least no [ __ ] he's a comedian not a racer yeah. dude look look look a a lot of celebrities comedians race. b he has no room. to talk bro what's wrong. with everyone it's so sad. remember when the internet. was like i remember sarah silverman. tweeted something tweeted black people huh. back in like you know. 2011 and everyone was just like and black people probably. were just like haha now if you tweet that hey you're a nazi. okay and there's no convincing. you ar there's no convincing people you aren't all right. it's unreal i put i put guy. has an 18 on his miata. and and and and and dude. the comments were lighting me up. dude it was it was anyway. and then i write like whoa. this is crazy and someone says whoa. buddy you're really ruffled your feathers. huh like hey guy i'm chilling. i i'm literally in my pool. when i'm doing this too. um whatever i don't know. it's just how look that's how it is. that's how it is so it's all good. um people got super mad though i saw the movie hit man. on netflix because it had rave. review rave reviews so. hey going on saw it. hey going on okay. saw it hey dude scenes scenes longer than my dude. hey scone on i saw. who did it lead better. [ __ ] link letter what's his name all good dude. i get g da. and confused that sure glen. pow oh my god i saw this [ __ ] thing man i turned it off dude scone on hollywood i watched that other movie um i saw the tv glow dude i saw the glow of the tv what the [ __ ] i saw the tv glow whatever it is man i tell you what hats off hats clucking off to. the director now i'm i don't know if i'm going. to get into trouble. for this i think it's a trans. female the director i i don't know what. the thing is i don't know. how to do it. i don't know how to. say it and i don't care. i don't care to. me i look at the person. and i just think i don't know. what are they wearing what whatever. it is it's fine. i don't care but someone's mad at me. somewhere just for looking at it. you know it the outfit is what. i mean not it. the i don't know what to. call okay so her him her i i think it's a female. i think that's a trans. female not sure all right. just go i just googled it. that's all i did saw the director and i go. oh i'm in trouble. so but let me tell you something. saw the movie it's and i i don't want to. i don't want to. i don't want to. like it because two right. wings dude right and i look and everyone casting it. is 100% of course probably nonbinary. so i go with the two right. wings start flying around. in a circle and i'm like okay. all these people in this. movie are probably 100% maybe nonbinary but also for some reason. fred durst is in it. and i go oh yeah i remember fred. dur from li biscuit. oh yeah i remember i used. to know fred durst oh yeah. i remember i did a show at the laugh. factory with fred durst for some reason. he was dressed as an old man. in a costume doing. a character and oh yeah. we used to. tect each other and oh yeah fred durst invited. me to his house. once and started showing me. beats that he created and i go why is that part. of my life but it's true. maybe i did it all for the nookie. but i did do that. and then i go that's a part. of my life i completely [ __ ] forgot about i used to. be friends with fred durst okay. so he's in the movie. anyway that's kind of a side. thing there but i'm watching a movie. and i'm just like all right. hey okay woke guys give me your best. shot right right cuz look i'm prejudiced but i start. watching the movie dude. and dude hey hats. dude let me pull it up. let me pull up the movie. i saw the tv glow i saw the tv. glow now i am come. on saw the come on i am. a uh i i love movies. and um why won't it. and oh here it is it. is really fantastic man. this movie is fantastic. and it is about dude. it's fantastic jane shen brun directed. it and i mean she's so trans. that you are in trouble. just looking at her right. you know what i'm saying but dude. she is so talent. this movie was so good it. was about like the courage. to be the real you that. [music] you that you want that. that that that you're afraid to. be you know it's all. and it's all about you know. it's it's all about the trans. issue but it's not though. and i go oh dude. in the middle of the thing. i'm like this is about this. [ __ ] it's about this and i'll be godamn it it's good. dude and i got two right. wings swinging around in a circle. and i'm watching in my living room. and i go i got to. just [ __ ] perch right now and i got got to. watch it because it was really great. and it really was dude. hats [ __ ] off and you know people are like a lot of people think that trans you know women. are real women a lot of people think that trans. women are mentally ill or or or trans. men are mentally ill or whatever. you know what dude. maybe no clue but whatever. that mentally ill or actual. woman did thank i watched. it it was great. so [ __ ] eat my dick. i don't really give a [ __ ] dude. okay how about that. i don't know man i know. it's like you watch jack black. watch do the thing about biden and everyone's like up. in arms about why. is he voting for biden. and i don't even give a [ __ ] dude. i don't care about any of it. i don't care if you vote. for trump i don't care if you. vote for vi biden. i don't care i don't. care make good art build. good buildings make good meals. walk around say hi how you doing. and that's it talk about the weather. have a good time. i i i oh oh who'. you vote for no. can you make a [ __ ] turkey dinner. can you build a building. can you can you paint a sign. in the lines can you make a nice piece. of film can you who'. you vote for are you. nice to me are you. nice to my mom. can we sit down. and talk and just talk about the weather. i don't care i don't. care if you come an american. flag o overalls i don't care. i don't care if you're b. nine binary or binary cuz i'm binary. as [ __ ] i'm a dude. so much i have a [ __ ] and balls and hair all over it and then also i do only things guys do like oh [ __ ] i don't want to. talk about my feelings i had to. do coup's therapy today. and i [ __ ] didn't want to. and i did it and i felt and i'm pissed. i felt better afterwards. and i was raging. in the first 15 minutes. raging just raging dude. just raging and i was just talking that's the end. of the sentence it wasn't. even a he it started. off hey chris why don't you tell me. i go okay hey doc i say. okay in my head hey doc. you got time and then just [ __ ] started rattling. started rambling dude hey hey yeah yeah hey hey hey i didn't say much in couples therapy stop the c i did okay. started raging talked through it then my wife. started talking did you know. there's a next level of rage. you can feel when and and it's not necessarily when your wife's talking it's when when you have to. be quiet you're you're god damnn right. i let out a few you're oh. do hey i didn't let out any i didn't let out. any of those stop the c i did. so the rage went from pure rage. to you unadultered excalibur [laughter]. rage h it was un. it was unadultered exc calibered. [ __ ] liono looking at the the holding the sword looking at the the two eyes. on the side of the blade thunder thunder. thunder rage like but i got to. be quiet but but i had to. let out a [music]. you like i got tourettes like i'm eating. a [music] sandwich and then something. happened 25 minutes in 30. minutes in it started feeling better. god damn it it started feeling better. and i didn't want it. to because i wanted to. be right dude i'm a lunatic. anyway i did that um i i i kind of got off on a tangent. there i don't even know what i was. talking about i think i was talking about the movie hitman. uh so that's my hitman. review that's my hitman review uh. is that i talked a little bit. about hitman and reviewed another movie and then talked about couples therapy. and how mad i got dude. that should be movie reviews. i wish are you kidding. me dude critics are. they suck you know. oh what' you do you watched. a [ __ ] bunch of movies and now you talk about them. yo if they did it. like that i would be 100%. in i um what happened. here um i'd like to. share a very important. message with you all um you know. how much i love cycling. and triathlons and iron. man etc fortunately i had a really bad. accident um and it really shook me. and honestly um i'm lucky to. be here now from those. incredible trauma surgeons doctors nurses. in [ __ ] after me this week they were amazing. but honestly you've got to. wear a helmet wow i don't care. how short the journey. is i don't care you. know the fact that these helmets. cost money but they're crucial even with the kids. a short journey they've got to. wear a helmet now i'm lucky. to be standing here i'm in pain. it's been a brutal. week and i'm sort of getting. through it but oh he's uh purple. i cannot tell you the importance of wearing he's humanity. this weekend is massive it's father's day. um for new fathers old fathers. middleaged fathers he's straight up has a magneto. shirt on hi guys it's before. let's go to. after oh he oh he had a helmet. on wow dude oh my god dude. that is crazy dude imagine you're just in. a car and you smash. into a cyc list and you go oh no and you run. out and it's [ __ ] gordon ramsey and you just go oh god oh [ __ ] oh my god this is a a travesty basically reacting to. him like every meal he ever has on tv. oh my god look at this. gh i am uh how did i manage. this um that's an insane. bruise there you have it and i can't i can't dude. i my eyes are doing this. really cool thing where every now. and then they just get blurry. for no reason so that's cool. oh dude what about. oh wait let's talk about this. actually this is pretty crazy. when did this even happen. i'm going to i'm going. to look this up. because i want to. get this right first of all. the anthony edwards um which i did i thought it. was the guy from er but it's a basketball. player is he a big basketball player. do you guys know no. okay uh he's a minnesota. timber ru star he's big he's. a star it says okay. uh and he was like trying. to convince uh a woman. that he spurted in i guess. god it's so nba to. just a what a i'm sorry. a what that's what nba. players do when they when someone say when when a chick. says you should wear a condom. they say oh what and their faces like this. like like like genuinely try to. figure it out and most of them. are unsure of what a conom is but some of them. know what it is but still are like i'm an nba. player what the [ __ ] would i wear that for you know i'll splurt in you and have a child and then i'll just give you like a million dollar and we'll sign something and it'll be all good i'll never see the child. and uh like you're telling me. dan marley doesn't have like [ __ ] you know. what i mean he's not oh you're telling me. dam marley in 2000 wasn't spurting. in pieces and just having kids. all over the place get out. of here dude come on you're telling. me reggie miller wasn't splurt. in pieces you're telling me. sam casselle wasn't spurting in. pieces in 1996. dude okay so so picture this. it's 1996 gary pyton has a great. game in the supersonics and doesn't go. back to the w. hotel in orlando after he played scott styles and and doesn't splurt. in a piece and 9. months later doesn't you know what i'm saying. come on dude you're telling me. larry was it larry walker. was that the guy in the hornets. larry walker who larry [ __ ] is his name i don't remember yeah. larry walker was a baseball. player johnson larry johnson larry. johnson you tell me. larry johnson didn't splurt in some pieces. and throw caution to. the wind and go like this. who knows what's happening in 9. months you're telling me larry johnson. didn't splurt you come on. dude get with it. all right oh what what the [ __ ] is that like like like like the scene. from uh cone heads. when they think it's gum. oh this is tasty gum. that's an nba player. when they get when when they show him. a condom what is this. g what is this. gum the [ __ ] tastes disgusting. bend over splurt 9 months never. meet it and so never meet it. kaching here's [laughter] millies what's that. tastes awful turnover nine months. later never meet it spending millies dude. are you kidding me. man dude are you kidding. me oh dude what's that i got a kid. that ain't no problem that ain't no. problem i'll splurt and spend millies and never meet it. anyway um so he had he spurted anthony. anthony edwards did the whole oopsie. daisy raw in a piece okay and and uh but he did you know like go god. bless him honestly what is. he 24 you know. superstar on the timberwolves just did. it you know he committed. the oopsy daisy and he [ __ ] whoopsy daisy in a piece and you know what i mean he threw cross no wind then whatever that's what it is and and and so he was like yo you got to. have an abortion and the girl was like i don't want. to i did that already and it and it it. [ __ ] my life up and i feel bad doing that. and he goes i'll just give you 100k she's like i don't want. to do it and he says come on. and she says okay and she does. it and they're all dragging him. because uh he's like there's they use the words. words like they they act like these men. have mind control you know. like i it's so annoying. when they're like he he coerced me. into dude you made a [ __ ] bag what who oh he's such a piece of [ __ ] hey dude say no you know what i'm saying say no say [ __ ] no you're a piece of [ __ ] too you killed this you know what you're worse you walked into. the place and did it. i it's so the the everything. is the media and it's so [ __ ] men heavy it's unbelievable. dude this woman went to. go get he's only a piece of [ __ ] if she doesn't do it and he keeps and he tries to. make her life a living hell because of it. he was just like i can't. have a kid i don't want a kid. i'll just give you $100,000. and she said no i don't want. to i i had an abortion. and it it made my life. bad nah but here's $100,000. k and then everyone's dragging anthony. edwards dude huh anthony and then he walks back. to heat of the moment. abortion uh remark god i want somebody to. just be like yo didn't want a kid. sorry and then put on sunglasses. and moonwalk out uh walking. back comments made to a woman. to appear to urge her. to get an abortion dude. ev so many guys do this ah [ __ ] man you get abortion huh. i don't want one. ah no come on also how about this. [ __ ] [ __ ] that just put her text the secret texts their private texts out i made comments in the heat of a moment this is what he said that are not me and that are not aligned with what i believe in and who i want to. be as a man. do me it's such a lie. you know all women should be supported and empowered this. is so oh god should be supported and empowered to. make their own decisions about. their bodies and what is best. for them i am handling my personal. dude hey man yeah okay she could have had she she took. the money he's 22. also he's 22 years old. dude although he did right. hell no can't do this. you know what i mean. hey at least spell it like fully out. other it's so disrespectful and then wrote get an abortion. lol hey guy decorum hey guy give the phone to. your friend let him do it. crazy but yeah dude that woman who did it. she was bought so basically you hooking. all good but relax it's so annoying. that we live in like this. fake world where we can't actually. mean what we say i mean. i can cuz i you know. it doesn't matter but like it's just so annoying. that people have to. be like yeah no we have to. you oh it's too bad. he paid her $100,000 in meantime. she's out you know she's oh she's sad. okay yeah because you know. what they should have used a condom. he he should have used one. she should have had him use one. you know but he's an nba. player and he goes like this. oh what i'll just splurt. and throw caution to. the wind not meet him. in nine months and [ __ ] kaching it out because i'm not i don't know do i even know anymore. here's the thing about the this. was crazy about the uh the lady. who did the look. at this so she was fired. because she said the nword. and i don't one of the craziest things. about the nword is. that and and i hate to. look i there was a little conservative. on the last post let. me i'm not trying to. this is just how i feel i'm not trying. to like i'm not i don't. like when people i'm just telling you how i feel i don't care. no dis claim uh the the fact that people still say the nword almost like it's so bonkers it's it's so unless you're you know when i get it. here's when i get it. if you're truly racist. okay that's the only time. i get it and i don't i don't agree. with it obviously but at least you mean it. right but when somebody says i can't believe that. white people still say it. as a throwaway when you just know. a world of hurting's coming like just why do you want. to say it that bad. if you want to. say that bad and you're racist. do it and mean it. but you got these like you know. dudes in vegas and hoes. at pool parties just like what's up. you know dude hey hey that's bonkers. and then and then they'll so here's the thing. so this is what you i think it's bleeped. out so if not we'll have to. bleep it out but what the heck. why can't i play it. oh here here we go. everybody i know who's married. right now they're married. to broke ass um and they don't care. we don't give a about. your money i couldn't care. less about your money okay. okay hey lady hey lady he lady lady world of hurting. and you know it. okay dude hey baai us hey hey dude and i'm not look it's just a word. people say who cares. say it you know white people. white people who cares. say it i who why why. do you have to. say it say when you know you're going. to lose your job okay now here's the deal. more i feel like more people are saying it. like this now brazenly because the they they are because of this whole thing. where people are like we can't. say anything anymore like the whole me. i put i post the thing. about about the mith and people are just like oh [ __ ] you bro. let the guy live have a good. time dude i'm just poking fun you trying. to get me to. say the nword you try. to take my speech from me. i'll say the nword you trying. to say speeches i'm free. you know what i mean. like and obviously i don't do. this but like that's what these people. are thinking they go oh okay. they took the word riri. from me all right. here we go buckle up honey. let's go live you know. oh i can't say i can't call some i can't. call someone a pansy anymore. even though it's a pretty flower. oh honey we're going live hey honey. give me the uh phone hit the ticktock button we're saying. the n word they and and but this is what make so everyone. needs to chill. everyone everyone needs to. chill it's okay to. say riri but don't say. that because here's the deal. why do you want to. say the nword so badly. when when it's just gonna make a bunch of people feel bad. now i agree people are mostly psys but like let's just like not do. the nword one you know. so it's so weird. it's so weird to. me dude and then she double she doubled. down dude and she goes great. now i said it thought look let's look at the actual thing. is there the ap not the apology. thing oh no i just got fired mob. she said look somebody said married. to who and he she said. you heard heard me wow this. is great here's here's the hold. on so all those nerds. in high school like the weird. theater kids and the anime people and g you know who i'm talking about the people we didn't hang out with so they've grown up now and they're the ones making the laws they're the mark zuckerberg they're the fouches of the world of [ __ ] [laughter] nerds she's right but still dude the vitro you know it's true but still dude when she said the fouchy the [ __ ] nerds v oh but true we're all nerds in high school good you know but like [ __ ] dorks that never got laid in high school didn't matter and they've got a major chip on their shoulder against the normies that's why you see all these fat ass bucks making laws oh you can be obese and anorexic there you go there you go she's dude that's the thing because we're acting like super fat people are healthy these kinds of people feel like they now are liberated and should say the nword more dude pack it up pack it up made too much sense dude i tell you what man it's true as if you need to. pack up because someone made too much. sense nah dude a [ __ ] dude he actually made you know what dude he figured it out we got to. pack up come on pock it. up hey dude he's in the beans. pack it up man. he's below the seven layers [ __ ] man he's in the actual beans [ __ ] man god damn it the ones inventing clown world. they're the ones in media. they're the actors you wonder why actors are so politically. leftist oh right because they're loser. theater kids they're the theater kids. who grew up and now. they're telling me and you what to. think they're telling me. and you what to. do and they're making the laws in this. country well it's time to. stand the [ __ ] up and stop being scared. like why are we scared. of these people they were massive losers. in high school and they're massive losers. today it's time to. put the [ __ ] nerds back in their place. stand the [ __ ] up and speak if it was about it was about so if it wasn't about what she yeah she you know what i mean godamn sis you know this was the best one though the in a followup video she said she couldn't find a care that's a great. way to put it. you know i looked all day. you know what i thought long and hard. about my uh what i did. when i said the nword. when i said broke. ass when i said they were broke. ass nwords um dude. uh i i really took your thoughts. uh into account. your tweets and your comments. uh and i looked i i i so i started. looking i started looking all. day i started i started i looked under the carpet. i looked under every carpet. in my house uh i went in my car. i looked in the trunk. i drove around town i opened the windows. i asked people if they could help. me find i went my basement. i went back up to. my attic i even went. to my parent i called. my parents and i said and mom and i came back and i just i looked all day. and i couldn't find a care dude. if she said that. look at and then she wrote see this. is the thing dude. stop saying fat people are healthy. is the basic is. is the moral of this story because then now you get people. like this trying to. say the n word thanks she says thanks. it's also not just the black community. a lot of white people. got mad but she says thanks. black community she i mean. this woman obviously she actually seems very racist. but uh thanks black commun for helping to. launch my new career in conservative. media she wrote on x all you played. a role well like the puppets. you are dude hey are you lex. luther dude this woman wow. i got a follow this. woman like on is she on twitter. i tried to look. for her the the the other day. and she wasn't even. it didn't even come up. anyway she's fired um people are just bad [ __ ] remember when the internet was fun crazy let's look at this. ric flair video. i'm i'm i hey throw his shoe. out i a leave wait a minute. dude rick flair's hair is is that. like how are you how do you cuz i bet. it's not even die i how are you that. how are you that color. haired and not seven i mean. dude this video i mean. but also to. know shut up while i'm talking i will. take your mother home and make a woman. out of her kid so talking to. you kid i'm going make your mother. go so [ __ ] when i'm out here talking y'all. shut up so [ __ ] i'm going. to take your mother. home and make her go woo. woo woo so [ __ ] hot rod will take all your mothers home. and make her i mean dude. has such a mother. kink you know k. i'm talking about taking mother's home. he gets through making hillary. go i'm rick flair this. is the hot rod and you keep your mouth. shut punk pal i'm going. take your girlfriend home make say mickey mouse wow. that's amazing dude wrestling is crazy. right wrestling is just nuts. um that's what it is. post malone tattoos p penis on sto's face. um don't don't do that huh. don't any of it. do that that oh and oh god. bro steo doesn't give a [ __ ] huh like he doesn't give a [ __ ] steo just got a dick tattooed on his [ __ ] forehead oh my god that's crazy that is just crazy rock you know what that is rock and roll dude that's so punk rock and rock and roll and a bunch of other genres but just so [music] um wow oh son of a [ __ ] um what if i got a penis tattooed on on my head babe what would you do cut it off cut it off cut off the penis or my head your head cut off my head she said well you'd have a headless crystalia in the house no i would ask. for you to if i could you cut my head. up but let me please. stay um anyway that's it that's the end. of the episode that's the end. of the episode on youtube. if you want to. watch the rest of it. go to my patreon patreon. dot com christalia you can catch. the rest of it you can catch all the other episodes. you can catch the episode. that the only patreon only episode. of brian ken when he came and joined. us the ones uh of um but it was like 3640. uh patreon episodes now you can get if you sign. it up just six bucks. you get them all now. um thanks a lot guys appreciate [music]. youuu [ __ ] you [music]. 