 runk hello hello hello hello let's do a full episode. right now a full episode. that's just crazy right. do a full send of this. full episode episode 118 sunday. yay lifeline let's do it. subscribe hey yay yay so bad okay. ice cube rolling over in his grave. even though he's not dead. he can't do that he's alive. he could do if you got into. a grave and got rolled over. okay interes smashed you two th000 pieces. uh if you got a question. just click on the link and you know. you know how you do it. you go to watch. line dot com get the merch. dude hook it but what you said. was subscribe you didn't say. subscribe to the patreon. oh yeah patreon dot com lifeline. luxury yay yay all right all right. okay and then uh subscribe. to my solo podcast. the private record yayay all right. dude i don't like that. man i know you don't sincerely it's making me want. to do it more. i'm sorry i love it. then i'm sorry you want to. oneone with me go. to mata dot com. i'll make your life better. i'll give you great advice. you will thank me. daily in your prayers every time. you say a prayer before. you go to bed. to jesus and to. me it'll be great. yay come on man. wow that sounds awful this. shirt i used to. like this shirt but it's just too too. many holes now too. many holes you had. one that it was even. more holes i threw it. away yeah just quit our producer just booked. room yeah uh it's too much. now it's just too much. let me see hold on. turn it okay so let me. just tell you that one. is way less holy and i don't mean. religious than than the last one. yet i know and i threw that. one away though i know but so you're going. to throw this one. away i'm not going to throw this. one away yet but it's it's the weirdest sneeze. ever somebody just did it. it's just stop calling things that are having off. nobody's going to know. what's going on is too. much what you think is too much. this one's this one's too big this. one's too many to. many yeah huh yeah uh let me. see can you look me. again i mean it's all. right it's it's not there. yet yeah i agree. with you yeah i agree with you nearing. the trash bin but it's not quite there. i also the unfortunate thing is it. is my it is the best. shirt feel that feel that feel that. feel that yeah that's always what it. is i had a shirt. once that i loved and man. i guess it's cuz i trav so much. i just lose [ __ ] you know it. must be because i travel so much in hotels and stuff. yeah so sexy your hair. and um i mean so not sexy. w but yeah so i i just lose. stuff and um and and i guess it's somewhere. in like you know racine wisconsin. yeah exactly so that sucks. my uh i have an um my skin. from like here to. here yeah is like really sensitive to. the point of pain all time. happens happens to me all the time. really yep just the skin. yep what do you want. to know about it what. is it uh i don't no. but it happens to. me all the time where particularly. around where under my hair. is so that would make a lot. of sense what you're describing. right now okay has it. happened other places. yes happens in my it's happened. in my arm it has. happened on my rib cage. sort of under my arm. but like under my underarm saying under so much. and uh yeah i've had it on the top. of my head before because of the hair. thing it usually means i'm. sick but oh yeah but i'm not sick. you know why it you know. why it's different though. it feels that way cuz when you're sick you're really achy. and that's the kind of achy. you are when you're sick. but when it's just in one. part of your body it's not the same. thing so what is it. you don't know but i i don't i've had it. so many times i know. it's nothing so nervous yeah because i've never had it. not on the top of my head. you've never had i don't think so and and i i was out. in the sun for 3. days so i was like oh man. maybe it's cancer that's the most not. how that works okay. you know why cuz 3 days. out in the sun you don't suddenly. no i know but but there's the erupt with cancer. no i know but there's the tipping. point right i mean yeah but it doesn't happen. the day after a couple days in the hot. hot sun so you think that that wasn't the tipping. point it was definitely not the tipping. point if it was it's not that's not how it starts okay so so if this is that it's not because of the three days i was in the sun that's not the typ point correct okay so then you think that if i have it okay what's it the c word. canker okay all right for. somehow it's worse when you say canker. but um and um if i have it on my neck. i need to get it. s sought off like this. part you don't think you. think it's just a coincidence that i was out. in the sun three for three days. and then it happened 100%. if you have canker. there okay so not you would have already. had it before the 3. days prior when you were in the sun okay. but right by the time. it's erupting to. that level okay you would have it. would have been bubbling bubbling bubbling for a while. before that i'm a doctor you know. all right well that's that's cool. to know i guess i don't know why. he left for so long. but he did left for a long. time um our producer left for a while ran he came back. with rope going to. kill us going to. string us up so you missed. it you missed. a bunch of stuff that we talked about we talked about the tipping. point of cancer so we'll probably call this. episode the tipping point. which is fine chris thinks he has cancer. no i don't i don't think that. i i hope i don't because i talked you out. of it you thought you did. i talked you off the ledge. i thought i would guess i probably didn't if i was going. to bet money on it. i would bet that i didn't. okay okay all right oh i got text. i don't have naughty boy. naughty boy what you going. to do cuz i may. i may cuz my lease. is up on my car so i may. i may get a different car. that was my car guy. let's talk about that you want to. yep let's talk about how you unlike every other person. in the entire universe doesn't know. what their monthly payment is on. their car well yeah but okay. so so say more stuff what does. it say about you in your eyes. uh i don't know what my monthly. payment is on my my car yeah. what does that say. about you i know. what it says about me. but i don't want to. say it well it says two things. okay you want to. say one of them i'm very i'm very go with the i don't care. about you know the i'm very uh chill. about uh money yeah. well i think what it is. is you decide when it's time. to decide that a number is okay. you're okay with and then you don't keep that. information in your head you just know it's a number you're okay with am. all right yes and and no though. oh okay i just part. is no i basically just talk to. you know my yeah accountant. yeah and i say can you just can you can it. does this work and and make it work. ah does this work and then make it work. you could skip the first part. i don't know i don't i don't want to. i don't want to. know i kind of don't want to. know i don't like i get that. and i like it and here's my here's the thing. you didn't know that i was going. to say that nobody here knows. nobody in the world knows i am. an accountant oh no. i didn't know that yeah so yeah. no one knew i thought that. uh keep that up i thought that. um i thought that uh i i i don't like to. know i i don't like to. know because i wanted just as long. as i'm okay yeah i get i i i don't want to. know you know i get stuff. shipped to the house. and it's like from offer up. and christ's like i got this. for $5 and that's fine. but like i don't want to. know if if i'm making big purchases as long. as they're handling it yeah. uh i'm poor as [ __ ] what okay. well we're working on. it we're working on it. aren't we all right well we're working on it. so join the lifeline join the luxury. but uh i'm going to. be in san diego july. 26th uh memphis tennessee august. 10th dallas texas witchita. oxnard california now let me say. these ones that i'm going. to be okay september. i'm going to be in mallen. and bowmont texas uh that's basically mexico. okay now it's fine. uh definitely definitely mallen is yeah. it's uh so i don't know. how um draw is there. but come see me uh and then peterboro ontario. london ontario and then let's keep scrolling because that's what. the bottom says uh duth minnesota. so thunder bay i don't even know where that. is onario sickest name for. it is yeah wow uh lex so here's other ones. that i don't so lexington and and then a bunch in alabama. sick but but those are the ones. that are i i feel like i don't even know. if people are going to. come out montgomery mobile. alabama all those places. if you're near those places. you want to. go see chris deia he's rarely. in alabama he's never been in alabama. you don't want to. miss your chance this might be. the only chance you have you. might die before the next. time he's in town. you never know might get your you. want to see it. you want to. make sure you get that. under i don't need that. much promo but i i dude. it's free so what do. we doing free just like [ __ ] [ __ ] on no no no no i'm not [ __ ] on it i just don't think that uh i don't i wonder if i have a draw i played birmingham once um um at a club i think i think um and i remember i had a bus and don't forget bus about sou falls sou falls south dakota if you're in sou falls. south dakota go and see chrisa. that's it's in november. so we're just saying it's going. to sell out you want to. get your tickets make i don't um being so bashful. anyway yeah you know what i mean. i mean you know i tried my best. so um anyway dude um yeah i don't like when you're when when you're sick. and you're achy me no. thank well i don't like when you are but i don't like when when i am. dude you want to. hear some good news. on that note sure yesterday. or maybe the day before i woke. up and i was like uhoh. you know when you hit an age. for me it was like well. because i i've been so i was so sick. in my 20s i think for me. was a little before for most. people yeah but you know the age. you hit when you know. your body so well yeah that you just know. when you're going to. be sick in 3 days oh or two. days or whatever two days yeah. or obviously you know. when you're going to. be sick that day it's just like going. so so fast but i woke. up no yeah it was. a couple days ago. i would say you know. one to two days in advance. i wouldn't say you know. three days in advance. sure yeah that's why i walked it. back i kind of walked it. back i got a little i got a little excited that's fine. uh and i woke up and i had that feeling and i was like oh no. no no no no no no no and i do this. thing where i i eat i feast. on wellness form fora from whole. foods oh really and i just every time. i have a snack. or a meal or anything. that like is going to. sit in my stomach and like act as something. that might fill me. up a little bit i take six more. i take six pills. of wellness formula and i'm just shoving them. and i'm shoving them and i'm shoving them. why because it's the only thing. i've ever found that when i get that. feeling it can stop me. from getting sick when i get that. feeling it can stop me. from getting sick but but uh and it did. but but but how do you how did you learn. that oh like tri and error. yeah back when i used to. get sick all the time. i used to. try anything to to. divert the sickness okay. so all right well that's pretty that's that's pretty. cool i want to. know what it is so i want. to get it you definitely want. to get it too yeah. but i know i know i can i if i just don't sleep. enough i'm going to. get sick period that's it. end the story case closed. pack it up yeah all right. see you guys it was. a good show thanks everybody. stop doing everything chris um yeah it's 100%. just like if i don't sleep. boom sickness yeah you've said that. before that's just what it. is it's unbelievable so i know. it's always been like that. like since you were young. oh yeah wow and so now uh so now i don't so it. took me a while when i was on tour. to not to i used to. just take the first flight. i be i'll be i'll deal. with the tiredness who cares. and i would always get sick. and now that i don't take the first flight. i i mean i'm telling you. i i'm i had such a a decline. in how many times i got sick. it's unbelievable that's what we do. though yes i figured out. some good thing about life. we learn our bodies. we learn how to. take care of we learn. our bodies we explore. our bodies ignore that knowledge that body. knowledge at your own peril. body knowledge is the worst two. words together so let's i have great. body knowledge okay that's also a good name. for a title we're crazy. with the good title yeah all right. start so let's do a let's do a submission here. here we go hey guys love. the podcast okay so i have a debate. for you let's say you're out. with a group of friends. but this group is a mix of your friends. and maybe some strangers that came along. okay now you run into. someone only you know do you say hey everyone this. is blank or hey. everyone this is blank blank this. is xyz blah blah. blah okay i for one. hate that approach because chances. of me remembering the name. of the stranger that joined the group. yeah sl oh got it. so one don't want to. look stupid two don't want to. make them feel bad and three who cares. so what is the right. approach in this scenario. that's a good question. what a good question. let me know the first one. the former you say hey everybody. this is this is uh this is this is thus right. and then anybody who wants to. meet thaddius can introduce themselves on their own to. thus if you don't like the look of thaddius then maybe don't introduce yourself or you can. play it by ear and maybe later on you might introduce yourself personally. and in which case. he might remember your name. okay anyway back to. paresi why don't you sit back. and just look at thus for. the first 5 10 minutes. while he's with us thus. stand up turn around yep. there we go now. go ahead now let that be let that sink. in for just a few minutes. and then if you feel like introducing yourself. to that go for it. let's take it right. now who wants to. know thus right now stand up. anybody okay craig so go ahead. why i shouldn't have said your name. but you can do it. go ahead craig hi. i'm thus craig okay okay. great all right great. that is what do you think of craig. that's how you should do it. does anyone want to. suck thus off yet. no okay and it's fine. if you don't all right let's move on. no one even has to. no one even has to. suck thus off yeah actually. yeah nobody does as a matter. of fact i don't know if that. thus is actually married yeah. we came yeah so you're married. okay so never mind um just the weirdest but yeah i think that you do. the one blanket hey everybody. this is thaddius right hey guys this is max. ailon yeah hey guys i mean the names. you know hey guys this is max. ailon uh this is everybody. right you don't say the second part. you say hey everybody this is maximilan and then they hey maximilan and then if look here's what i do. some i'm sitting somebody else says oh hey everybody. this is my friend max. millian i say hey maximillian what's up. i'm matt oh okay that's on. everybody else i guess i guess that's probably the best. thing to do is. to leave it up. to the other person yeah yeah what up. guys uh we interrupt this. uh episode because we want to. talk to you we have a we have a caller. that's calling in here and very special. very special guest the the uh. my favorite ufc fighter cody duran he's here and he's zooming in with us. now and uh he's here to. promote his show to. uh the ufc he's fighting. uh bruno silva coming up. here in las vegas at the apex center. is it yeah the apex yeah. all right cool tell us. how do you feel dude. i always wonder actually how do you feel before. a fight is it. cuz people say like do you get nervous. before you go on stage. and i don't but i'm not getting punched in. the face so you know hopefully. you're not either but you probably get hit a few. times with something so is it. what is it yeah well you know. first of all the game plans. get in there hit him. with some good [ __ ] don't get hit and leave with a pocket. full of cash but uh you know uh it's kind of like riding the roller. coaster at six flags the first time. you ride it it was exciting. you know ride that same roller. coaster 30 times you know you kind of get used. to it you've kind of seen. it all heard it all i mean. what's wor what's the worst. that can happen you you. you die yeah i guess. you you'll be all right. yeah you'll be all right. i guess if also if you believe in the lord. and savior jesus christ you. will be okay because he'll take care. of you right so uh and a lot. of fighters do but uh you're you so i don't know if you know this but cody the reason. why i know cody is. because he wore a life. rips mouth guard that's how i know. i learned that from seeing you cody. without you know i was like what. the [ __ ] is in his mouth cuz i didn't know at all that. you were like i was like holy [ __ ] so and you came to. see me where was it. in augusta yeah yeah gusta georgia. um and and but yeah dude. you're a you're you're we like watching. you bro i mean i'm you know i'm into. i'm you know i'm you know. obviously i do the podcast. with sha and i do you know. i i know i know i know rogan. and all those guys and so i i'm i know a lot. about the not a lot. about the ufc but by proxy i'm um i do and uh and you're you're good dude. they every time i bring your name. up people are like oh dude. he's he's yeah he's he's great. he's nothing to nothing to. take lightly so yeah i mean i'm i'm ranked. number 14 in the world. right now damn that's awesome. ive i've won i've won four out. of my last five i lost. to uh khabib's uh nephew his name's tagir but i lost. because he kept putting his six toes. in the cage so uh does. he have six it is. yeah yeah probably should beal chop. one off bro he's from he's from he's from dagistan. he might have six or seven. they all do yeah. but uh uh yeah man. i mean i'm pumped. you know i'm ranked number 14. in the world and i'm fighting. this guy on three fight. win streak and he's finished. all all three of his last. opponents and uh funny thing. is the [ __ ] trains down here. at american top team and i'm i see. him like every day. oh wow really so this. yeah yeah it's weird. bro it was weird. at first but now you know i'm just like we get to. find out who's varsity and who's jv. i love it bro. dude you're exa you're exact i'm really i'm really like when i found out. that you whoops hold. on one second when i found out sorry. i got to plug in. here break when i found out that you were like you listen. and you're a fan i was like i was i was jacked. because i was like oh this. is a cool dude. and we we we want we we're in your camp. bro like i said i wish i could be there. uh but i'm going to. be in australia i wish i could i wish i could be there. uh i'd [ __ ] walk out with you bro. i i i i i'm i'm in your corner. we're in your corner here. and uh we want you to. beat bruno silva on the what. is it 20th. 20 yeah july 20th saturday. yeah man let's go. can't wait do you think uh oh you made weight. already you did it. no no you got to. make weight the day before so i'm about i'm about 147. pbs today and i got to. make 126 and two in what is it. uh about 16 days so that [ __ ] sounds so crazy to. me but you're used to. that [ __ ] right like getting losing that kind of weight. and that kind of time. is just part of the game. for you that's crazy yeah yeah it's just i've been doing. it for so long. you know uh this will i think this. is my 30 33rd 32nd uh fight. so i'm used to. it and and i've been wrestling. since i was a uh kicking slacks out. the crib so right. i'm i'm i'm ready you know. what i mean dude. how do you how do you how does your how do the people that love you. like how does your wife. deal with it like i mean i know you're obviously winning. a lot but still that's got to. be stressful for them man. she she did she loves. it you know uh she she especially loves. those red panty nights after. i get that fat paycheck [ __ ] yeah bro yeah i bet she does this. is why we love you. man all right dude. uh we apprec we appreciate. you man i wanted to. check in with you i wanted. to tell people to. check out your fight against bruno silva we got all. our money on cody duran july. 20th uh you're the man. bro and you're the ufc you got to. keep us safe man at the log cabin. you understand yes sir hey nobody gets past. the tall grass baby there. we go bro cody said it. you're the man bro. we'll be watching uh and uh and uh we we wish. you well man and uh and uh you're the man. all right appreciate it. take care cody uh but if i but i'll say i will say if someone intro. introduces me and says hey chris this. is these are my friends. and that's all that said and nobody says anything. i go like this wow okay. really loud to. let them know that i mean. business and that they should have introduced themselves. to me right okay and i will say this. when i'm at starbucks. mh which i never am but i am when i travel sometimes. because that's the only place to. go to right starbucks. sucks i mean do they have coffee. bean in other states some but not all of them. okay mhm there yes nevada i guess. i know they have them in vegas. yeah okay so there we go. so yes so nevada. arizona um the southwest maybe even more i don't know okay i don't know like maybe north carolina. has one i have no idea. okay great so could be anywhere. could be maine but i don't think so great. right other countries i don't think american. but um uh if if if they if if um wow so sometimes i go and they'll say uh hey yeah uh what do you want and i say four shots over ice whatever you know co c brew. you know how i do it. right yes i do um they'll go they'll go. uh okay great and your name's chris. like because they know who i am right. okay sometimes that happens. sometimes yeah famous and so um then sometimes they say and your name is and i go like this. okay i'll see you at the end. of the uh at the end of the bar. right and then do you take care. business at the end of the bar. then they they say the the weird. guy right right yeah they should know. my name um i don't get recognized. nearly as much as you do. but i got recognized yeah. you were saying this and it was the weirdest thing. ever cuz i was walking my dog. and i'm a i'm a really friendly. guy to people that i've never met. yeah i'm always like hey what's up. man to. like anybody on my street. and but when you do that. before someone recognizes you let me tell you it's weird. because i was like hey what's up. man to. this one guy and he was like oh man. was oh wow i i love what. you're doing man and i was like oh okay. i see at first i was like what my greeting. you know and then it took him. so many tries. to say a few words that like made sense together. is yeah so you so you just said hi. because you say hi to. people correct oh i was walking. my dog he was walking his dog. and we were on separate. sides of the street and i was like hey what's up. man just cuz i'm a nice guy. does everybody says that about me. does he watch the podcast. yeah okay well quiz him. he said just to. see he said i'm a big. fan of you i'm like i like i like both. of you guys but i'm like 50.1% more of a fan. of you and 49.9% of i knew that. was coming so all right. so uh what if he did say. that all right so um love it. that's cool should have quizzed them. to make sure go ahead. yeah i didn't think about it. but yeah the first one. is better you you're doing. it right hey chris how [ __ ] is this oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's pretty [ __ ] especially for the parking that's for the oh my god i've never even seen that sub [ __ ] that's the most why ever seen why did he only say chris he thinks i don't exist. wow he thinks honestly that was the greatest. the most i've ever been disrespected. without caring cuz i felt disrespected and then he did. it and i was like this. is i agree it. was the most disrespective i've disrespected. i'd ever seen anyone be me. too um it's all right. it was a it was a good. uh it is so sub. [ __ ] with a park i mean it's one thing with the volume. or the air how could you make a car like that. that's it's an electric car. no it has to. be [ __ ] electric car look like one i'd like to. point out he said it was a rental. that's not his car okay. i figured no one. would say that about their own. car they wouldn't get it. if they thought that that's not true. you would you would you would that's not true. take it back think a person. that doesn't like that feature would get a i think that's a absolute deal. breaker de breaker for me. true 100% that for you but think about how many people first of all don't care about their cars. ah honestly i barely care about my cars. and i wouldn't do that but there's also guys. who would be like oh cool. that's so bad wow if you're the car. if you're like this is my favorite car. i want this car that's crazy. yeah that's crazy this. dude this for the gear. shift what is this a shifter car. what is that uh 66. wow you knew that huh. get your motor running out on. way looking forent looking for my way. twisting a nipple that's amazing. actually it's the least people i mean. obviously people like associate driving with like being badass. being free dude this yeah true. is crazy it's like a [ __ ] dude looking for adventure that. you know put it go my way. a dj a dj spinning absolutely. disgusting also with the noises couldn't be. worse yeah it was all it. was all very very bad. wow dude i mean just but busting. [laughter] still oh honestly honestly. i just wanted everybody to. know i'm only laughing because that is the stupidest. thing i've ever seen anyone do. oh oh my god the [ __ ] having sex with and crashing oh [laughter] god oh [ __ ] dude wow wowow oh [ __ ] oh man also dude that really is just so bad it's hard to. it's hard to. even believe oh man. i'm so hot right now not horny. i mean i know you know. what i mean no one. thought said he was horny. you know mhm might horny. horny is the worst word you know. it really is bad. horny is the worst word because it it kills. any kind of sexual didn't say. anything yet and kept saying it does. said it loudly over. me horny should stick keep it. for toads and that's it man. yeah nice nice i'm going. to get that bumper sticker horny. keep it for toads m yeah man. after that after laughing. mind if i do after laughing. at that i am spent bro. yeah it's tough let's do a new. one let's let's let's let's relax. and watch relax let's watch another submission. yeah hey chris hey matt. time listener of the show. um so i had a question. sladice i guess on a toothbrush debacle i'm having with my boyfriend. years vince so a little backstory when me. and my sister would go to. bed um we would play. dentist so i would take her toothbrush she would take mine. we would brush each other's teeth. anyways it feels like really weird. and it's just like a silly. goose thing so when they were i had told my boyfriend. about this um like a year into. dating and he was like absolutely. not like no you're not going. to brush my teeth i asked. him like would you let me. do this um i asked him. a few times a year. it's been four years. and he still has not let me. brush his teeth not once. so i'm just asking like do you guys. ever have this issue where like chris. you asked kristen or matt. and chris like hey man. just like do this. thing and you're just like no. i'm not going to. do it um and silly. but i'm just like if you just let me. do it i'll stop asking anyways. um any advice would be great. love you guys good question. great what a great. person yeah i i i i definitely don't i i. i mean i guess i'd have to. ask my wife but i i i don't think i i do that. to her she this. is i think it's a i think it's a female. thing she absolutely does. it to me what do. you mean it can you describe it. try come on do this. and you're like i don't want to. and they're like just try and keep asking men. don't do that yeah women. do that and i've had it happen. to me and yeah why is that a i don't know. but it's it's i had one time. my girlfriend at the time. wanted to she used to. actually she used to. have a specific thing called a tongue. brusher tongue scraper i know. and she was like like she was. like very big on oral. hygiene and was like uh it's i'll do the disgusto meter. go ahead keep going so the the tongue. is that much like even more important. than brushing her teeth according. to this woman right. okay or just as important. she scrape her tongue every time. she brushed her teeth. and she was like let me scrape your tongue. dude i was like no. just straight up no and she was like come. on why why won't you let and i was like i don't. want my tongue to. get scraped it's nothing to. do with like you being near. my mouth like you can for instance. if you want to. brush my teeth go for it. get in there get in mouth. i don't want my tongue. sck that's and it's going to. feel weird you know anyway. she got legitimately mad at me. oh wow yeah and it sucked. and it was the same. same girl uh i know talked about. before i mean that's disgusting. yeah that's really bad but uh i mean dude. hey boyfriend let her do it. once that's nothing well if he thinks it's disgusting. fine but he's he would be wrong. because it is not okay. well just brush your teeth. one time true i actually i'm going. to do that i'm g. to ask kristen to. because i think that's you do that. thing where you're like let me. pee between your legs. to your girlfriend i mean. while sheet really that's my thing. dude look i've done. it before i don't know. i don't think i've ever done. it with kristen know the st the stakes are high. you got to aim it right. you know want to. get pissed on in between. your legs i want to. hear [ __ ] nope all right. you know to to. just random men yeah yeah in like a [ __ ] ikea bathroom. all good is that chris. leah uh i do think though. that that is like we said that. is more of a female to. male thing maybe lesbians do it. to each other all the time. though and they're just like yes you can do it. to me because they totally get it. you know yeah uh i don't uh so there's there's there is i definitely do do it. the thing where like if i want. to watch a movie and she doesn't or if she wants to. watch a movie but i want to. watch a horror movie and she doesn't i'll be like oh come on and i try to. be like come on let's watch a horror. movie but that's not the same. thing right that's not the same. thing because you want to. watch it the what she's describing. is doing something to. your partner or sibling or loved. one that kind of requires. some kind of vulnerability or open. this and it's usually a physical. thing it's not like an act activity. for the most part it's usually it's usually. squeezing the the like the oh. you have a white head. on your shoulder in fact. i've never dated anyone want to. do that women do that period. and and and and every woman that has ever done. that to me i have. said you know all women. do this then they get mad. that i say that well. then don't how about how about take a cue. and don't say that no because they need to. know that they're being they don't. need to know that i don't. want them to do it. though well then say that don't say. the i i said that. first oh i want them. to do it i love. when they do that. oh okay well then that's where theiry the difference. yeah okay and honestly. that makes me the man. what mak that makes me. the man that i want them. to do it okay. and it makes you a [ __ ] loser okay next video wow. hi chris matt love your. podcast i'm going to. keep this really short. what is your opinion. on people speaking in tongues do you think it's real. or fake no it's fake bye. next well i actually honestly not to. be like this but it depends on what you mean. by real or fake sure sure sure i don't think the i think the vast majority of people. who do it are not like. well i'm going to [ __ ] my way. through this or i'm going. to fool all these people. they believe it i think that what's happening. is more of along the lines. of social contagion when people see someone else do it. they believe that it's real they know. that it's real that person swears. who the person did it. swears it was real it was the holy ghost. however it's not then they get overcome. with the same of whatever the hell. it was you're being jord peterson. right because it's just not real. and we can all just say. it's not real and we know. what we mean but what does that. mean not define not. real though jordan peterson dude. this is what i'm talking. about like you you like you're not actually there. isn't a spirit overcoming you that's not is that. what she's asking i think so if that's what she's asking then simple. as that the answer would be. no well then well then what's that. how is that question. different than can you talk. in tongues like that's cuz then clearly cuz clearly you can is what. would be my point. right like is it real. or is it fake if you're asking is is it. a spirit speaking through. you nina naina speaking. in tong okay let me answer. that in a language you understand. nina an island on vancouver. bc in an island. in [ __ ] uh whatever it is british. columbia yes got out of that one gave up near the end. almost gave up um but yeah uh uh we should make yes got out. of that one merch. yeah that's a good that's a good. idea i think though that. i do want to. be clear that i don't think those. people are bullshitting. in fact i strongly believe that. they're not no i i yes. they think they're being genuine. but that isn't even that. to me seems the wrong. way to say it they. think they're it's like i'm saying i know better. i don't i'm not saying i know better. i or i know more than them. i think their experience is a real thing. no whether it's actually physically. happening in the physical world that. we all share the answer. is no but are they experiencing. that or whatever their version. of that is they i think they actually are no. okay well he thinks no so there. we go oh no oh a slight. disagreement who's disagreeing where the disagree. police i need back up the mic. in way the mic. in way and [ __ ] hey man all right success you [music]. know in the car all right. great that was great. it's terrific i love i. love every second of it. okay cool hey man chris it's jonathan. neapolis i am mainly just calling i will. keep this short i promise. um i've noticed a lot of submissions especially for men. with like a very lowa it's like that. elder millennial female of me. where we were like yeah. get your angles. look better or something. um that's funny is it. a gender thing is it. generational is it a secret third. thing um and do people have a preference so that is all. i have to ask. today love you guys. thanks bye think. women think it matters. more congratulations on the great. teeth no i think men. think it's like them looking big. and tough and like cool. and i think with women it makes i think it's as simple. as it makes you look lighter. because the more flattering light. you look you look f. a t when it's a low. angle right yeah i don't think men think about it. as much as you're saying look. t h i n when it's a high. angle h i n okay so then um so 10 10. yeah thine uh so all right. so yeah i i don't think men think like. when i'm doing it i'm not thinking about oh. this angle you look fat. when you do it and so how to. seure so i just go i mean maybe i'll be like maybe i'll to. better i open it like this. and i'm like oh damn yeah. i guess done let me. straighten this baby out say. it it's not we've said c. on this podcast you know i know it's the f. word you know i pretended to. have sex with a ignition on a car yeah. you did on a rental. car um so um but yeah no i think it. makes it makes people low angle. makes you look fat. simple as that you know. and that's so so i think women. definitely are more aware. of their angles. when it comes to. looking fat for sure so i guess. i would say that that's a gender thing. i guess i think specifically it is a gender thing. when that women do this. and men do this. cuz i do think men do this. if they if they consciously. do it to. look bigger and women do it. to to look less. big i guess iess i guess. i wouldn't do it like this. and i would be like i look like a little [ __ ] see now there we have it. so yeah the thing is with me. though i could do it. here i could do it. there i could do it. there look like [ __ ] tyson beckford basically. but white for an accountant. yeah all right good good. submission i'm liking these are good submission. submissions so drunk all right. next one submissions what's up. chris and matt my name's huge fan. of the podcast been a true. baby since day one oh yeah. um i need some rices i'm from new. york my fiance is from northern michigan there's some dialect differences. she's got a little bit of that. midwest accent she says things. like pop instead of soda. oh wow all good uh which is one. thing that she says that drives me nuts. and it's whenever there's something that needs. to be done uh she says this. needs done the laundry. needs folded the house needs. cleaned this needs cooked you. know everything um we've been together six years she hasn't. always said it i feel i think she started. doing this about two years. ago when we went to. see her family for thanksgiving. her mom her sister talking like that. so she might have been like i got to. hold on to. that vid west accent. you know hilarious uh and it's just getting. worse she just texted me. that something needs done. and uh makes me blood red mad and i don't know. what to do i've tried. to be like you're right. that does need to. be done um but i don't know. any helps appreciate it thanks. love you guys that's funny. i like when people are ticked off by. stuff like that when people go back. to wherever they're from they always come. back with a thicker accent. i don't know what you're talking. about more specific dialect mod are. you crazy so stupid. no but it's true. even when people aren't from that. place like i knew a girl who lived in england. for a year or two. and came back and was just like as if she's from manchester. with her accent simply don't. agree she's from [ __ ] san marino california m's in a hospital yeah basically yeah uh oh god sick and i is basically how she was talking but yeah no uh back from australia. annoying as a g annoying. if it's annoying and it sounds like to. you that is the needs clean. needs whatever is annoying talk like a but i actually. don't think that particular dialect thing. is annoying i think that's kind of endearing. but i guess if someone i lived with my partner. whatever like my wife said it. about a lot of different. things i think i would i think i would get used. to it after a while and not be like oh cu. it's not that annoying i like regional dialect. things i don't know yeah. yeah yeah that one. doesn't bother me but i guess. the advice though would be i would make fun. of her though right. if it bothers you stop doing. like don't [ __ ] foot around it and be like yeah it does really need to. be cleaned be like hey i just want. to know like you started doing. this more since you went home. and i know it's a regional thing. but like are you aware. that you're doing that a lot. and like what's up get that. go on the app store uh download here we go okay. and and put it on and start. watching it with your wife. and be watching it and watch some stuff. on it he got a lot. of hilarious things on it. and and good yeah it. really does and so um you know. after that becomes the app. that you go to. make that the goto app. that you go look at movies. and tv shows uh then say uh one day say what's that. app and she says 2b. and then say oh so you can say it. that's really good and that's the long. play but you know. entirely unnecessary but it's good. i still like it yeah. no that's awesome dude i would love to. do stuff like that i'm going. to do that i wish my wife. was from uh the h. to convinced kristen to. start doing that so just facilitate being able. to delete it i'll delete it for the thing. yeah uh no but tub. is the best so i'm glad. you brought it up tu tu should sponsor. the show because i talk about tuby all the time. and they're getting free advertising. and that is not fair. you know what the best. is though shudder i love. shutter but it's it's not it's it's it's too. niche sometimes you want to. watch like a bad tv movie. from the 80s you can't get it. anywhere but tub well sometimes. you want to. watch a steven seal movie you can. only get it on tub. right yeah okay sure yes but a lot. of times you want to. watch a horror movie it's on shudder. and tub yeah but if you like horror. tub is or i'm sorry. uh shuter is of course it's for horror. fans specifically i am i am but you like other movies. too yeah so that's what's that's up. with tuby would you say you're a horror. tu's freeay no am i a horror. fan yeah i am i like horror. movies but i don't think i'm like a horror. fan i finally saw that. in a violent nature. movie don't care what else is going. on okay yeah you know. you mentioned that to. oh yeah anthony said he didn't like it. bo what is it. bro i can change your mind. [ __ ] yeah i can change your mind. do it dar darren what's his name darren br. the mentalist yeah uh i'm kidding. i don't know why did you not. like it is that the one. with the hood on the scary. guy mentalist no it's the really handsome. guy that's in all those black people movies. come on who the white. guy that's really handsome that's in all. the black movies what black people. the mentalist the guy. who played the mentalist. is in so many black yes. is in black movies he's always in a movie. with like neil long. that's sick yeah it's cool. anyway he's handsome huh yeah. yeah very handsome yeah cool. thank you um so anyway what were you saying. i forget and i'm pissed about the about about about convincing. him oh wait is that the movie. that you showed us the trailer. of with the guy the new kind of killer. yeah okay they trailer is real. slow yeah okay yeah yeah so movie it. of course it is i mean. that would be false advertising. if the movie was like super f. after that trailer so why. didn't you like it anthony. no no no no no no no no really want. to do that here okay. we'll do it on. life luxury yeah but no. you can i mean i'm just saying this. why not this is a submission. show we not talk about a true. true true true true okay okay jesus christ slap. me on the wrist. why don't you okay. all right so dr oh. he's wasted dude so my name is cody mustach. scared of itself so as a kid i was the shaved head. kit because that's all my parents. didn't want so scared of theid. for a haircut so mom. pulled the clippers out i'm an adult. i'm 30 i'm married. i have kids okay. bragging i'm like i'm going to. grow my hair out and i'm going. to grow my you know. what i'm going to. grow my facial hair out too all. not working um wife. some opinions about my hair and my facial hair. um i'm calling to. see your guys' opinion. on how much my wife's opinion. should weigh on whether i grow. my hair out and fight through. the awkward stage or keep my fa. show yeah let me know yeah. i get it you here's the answer. no other opinion matters. besides your wife's and if you're not married. no other opinion matters. besides your girlfriend's or if you're well yours does his does sure if she wanted him to. do something he hated then of course. i would not i would not suggest yeah yeah but if he's asking how much should i weigh. my wife's opinion very. very very heavily yeah. because who cares about anything. else i think what he's asking though. is how much should i weigh. it in response to. my own own opinion i don't think. he's asking how much should that matter. for people's do you understand. what i'm saying for people for people's uh opinion. just gave up you know. how much it should matter. for people's no because i thought it was inferred. that i meant opinion but yeah. people's opinion okay. um yeah well okay well sure no one. else's opinion should matter but if you disagree heavily with your wife. then you're kind of at a crossroads. i still think you should diverter your wife. though if she's like your hair looks like [ __ ] yeah cut it again i think you should listen to. it i guess you're right. yeah yeah probably like who cares. what anyone thinks besides the one. person you need to. think you look good that's true. that's true yeah that's true. unless you are just like i need to. do this just this one. time that's different but you need to. see how your hair looks long. i get it but like if it's just like a lar and you're like h. maybe i'll grow my hair out. and your wife's like that. looks like [ __ ] cut it again. then cut it like it's simple. i yeah i mean sure i i guess. i agree i mean it. sounds like maybe she's just doesn't want to. wait out the period. of the awkward stage in which case. that's silly of her just let him. try it that facial hair. is going to be an awkward. stage for 18 years it'll be. a while he has got very thick. hair oh oh you're saying the facial. hair oh yeah yeah cuz well it'll never it'll never grow. in because of what it. looks like just get a little sharpie. and just right there put it on right. there yeah and then when you shave you look. like hitler that's that's a tri. you bad idea trick you it's a pretty. bad guy to look like um michael jordan did. it i would say we weighed heavily. but uh you got to. do what you got to. do if you got to. go your hair out you got to. go your hair out remember when michael jordan had the uh no what is this. hitler mustache no google that. do he does google. michael jordan hit hitler. mustache okay can't wait for this. yeah it was on an underwear. commercial yeah on the fruit. of the looms or something. it wasn't a hitler. mustach was it oh yes it was yes it was really. yes look at it oh that's very hitlerian. oh my god hey shave it. it looks like a sharpie really weird. huh it's just not. it's not grown in enough to. even be wor keeping though because. like it's he's a weird dude. he's just like i'm michael jordan and yeah. well yeah i'm g to. try something you only think of one. thing when you see that. though and that's yeah it's so that oh my god possible. expan also he looks really good with a regular mustache. remember when we got an argument i was saying he's one of the most handsome. athletes ever and you hard disagreed look. at him how could you disagree. with that okay go go down. to go down go down. go down down okay go to. the bottom that one right. there on the right. on the right with the regular mustache. that so yeah he's handsome. i think he looks better. with no facial hair oh really yeah okay he's so handsome. clean shav he's handsome yeah he's handsome. yeah yeah hell yeah. he's handsome one of the most handsome. it's crazy to. be that handsome and that good at something. that so many people care. about i don't know if i'd say i don't know. i i still don't think i'd say. one of the most handsome sports. players i don't think i'd say that. i'm only saying that because i can't really think of many. that are more high there. just johnny d ugly. guy johnny damon looks like a neanderthal that's crazy. bro both of those guys are ugly. who else you got for me. um let's think of basketball here. uh isaiah thomas was kind of handsome. but he's more cute doesn't really wow. you know doesn't really apply. uh yeah you know. what you're right actually athletes are ugly. well no no no that's not true. though typically i mean not in hockey. well yeah typically yeah yeah typically. yeah remember that picture barry. zito he was handsome. he was handsome yeah uh some pitchers are handsome. i think andy p wasn't he handsome. some quarterbacks are handsome. handsome uh some wide. receivers are andy pettit was not. that handsome no tdil h. all right that's whatever wally bman if you like that. kind of thing wally bman dude. wow uh yeah so anyway uh ryan samber. mark grace was handsome. kind of yeah in like that. yeah in the all american gruff guy. way yeah no no. no gruff pretty gruff really dark. like this oh okay. yeah okay anyway we're going down. rabit we don't need to. go down uh next one. hey chris and matt love. you guys so the other day. i was on a walk. withes a baby and there's a guy up. ahead mowing his lawn. and as we're passing he. stops and gets off and asks if he can see the baby. and i don't think he was trying. to be weird or creepy. or anything but in the moment. it just freaked me. out and i said sorry. we're in a hurry to. try and kind of move along. and get away since he is a stranger. and i was alone. uh so my question. is in that situation what would you. say if you were me was i kind of overreacting. or was he just being nice. and then going along with that do you think that women. should always kind of be on guard. with strangers especially if we're alone. or you know with a baby. or is there certain situations. where we should we don't have. to be as cautious or careful. uh just want the guy's perspective. on that thanks bye so. i just want to. say one thing real quick about this. episode all of these submissions sub. have been so good it's making me. think it's like a top three or five. show so far lifeline episode say one of the best. submissions maybe ever yeah you're welcome. oh you know we are saying. it's only 120 episodes took. it took it a little farther. um um but yeah great submission. uh if you want to. go go ahead i mean. yeah you have to. be on your guard well. period but also for a woman extra definitely no doubt. i mean no doubt. i also don't think you overreacted i don't either. i it's happened to. me before where um as a baby. when you were a baby. something like this will happen. and it won't be until right. after the interaction that i realize oh she was just doing yeah. what she's not supposed to. do but she's being sensible. my initial reaction in those. instances is to. be like oh that's so shitty. why would but then i so quickly. arrive at oh well she doesn't. know me yeah like i totally get it. you know that's why in those. situations when they arise if i open. my mouth at all it's always like in the most like yeah. same i'm yeah yeah i will back. away the moment you would like me to. um um but yeah it's it's happened. to me and i just as a man. yeah where a woman is like doesn't want. to respond or look. at me or or whatever. like she's alone on a street. passing me and like of i totally get it. when a woman doesn't want to. go or goes out of her. way to not want. to engage yeah is um so can i clear. something up she said she was walking. with her baby in a stroller. right and and who it was somebody that. was doing she said they were doing this. and then they stopped and said something. what were they doing or am. i wrong here do you guys. get it were they just walking. by or were they she on a walk she was on a walk with the baby. walked by a guy in the garden. is that what you're asking. oh yeah okay so but i guess. i guess my point is. if they're walking by and they say. oh can i see the baby. that's not really a big. deal but if they're doing something else like if if the guy was gardening yeah and then oh can i see the baby. get up that's [ __ ] so weird that is weird. but i also i think i honestly. think everyone kind of abided enough. by the social the unspoken. social contract he he just was is probably. like maybe he recently had a kid. or a grandkid and it's just like baby. crazy at the moment and like saw like a really. nic looking family and was like i not thinking probably that. much but she did did the right. thing too yeah yeah there's nothing wrong. with him asking there's nothing wrong. with you saying no totally nothing and if he asked and you said no. and he was like oh okay he's a [ __ ] [ __ ] he's a dick yeah uh but i get it i and i think about this a lot that sucks man it does for any woman in this situation where it's like you got to. think about am i being mean. like here's the deal though. the the tr the truth. is you're not being mean. unless you act mean there's no version of you. being like oh no i'm in a rush. sorry that's not mean because that is a normal. thing to say in. a nice way to. reply to somebody when you. don't have time for that. but if he did that and you were like no [ __ ] you [ __ ] face you look like you have a small dick there you go exactly that would be mean or any version of something that's like oh like if you even made a face like oh creep. like that's you don't need to. do that just you're fine. though don't overthink it and don't. be nice yeah yeah kind of [ __ ] probably happens. to her a lot. or enough well she looks she looks very approachable. yeah um plus her kid. is super cute and i also want to. take a closer look. yeah i mean so wheel. her down here or him. i think that uh yes but the the the the the bottom the bottom line. is i think women should be extra vigilant about. that stuff yeah for sure. and really really weak men. too i would say if women. feel like being extra careful. then they should absolutely follow. their gut uh if they're if they're like why. would i be extra careful. and don't don't want to. be i wouldn't be like well. you know what you should be. it's just you know what. i'm saying yeah cuz i' i've known girls. that are i've i've been like hey like you might want. to be careful. when you're in that area. and then they like clap. back at me and they're like and i'm like [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah all right all right hey it's your funeral hey it's your [ __ ] funeral um i yeah kristen kristen the other day said look how cute this is i want to. do this with the kids and she pulled. up a video online. and it was uh a family. like on the on the on a bench. and behind it was like um you know i don't know if it was seaworld or what but like there. was a pool of water. and the guy was like come on come. on and the big ass. seal comes and poses with the kids. oh my god and she was like isn't that. cute and i was like just so you know. mhm that will never be allowed. yeah i she's like but it's so cute. i was like i i'm not even. saying it's not cute i just have you. not seen the videos where they [ __ ] all they need to. do is grab you drag. you under done i haven't seen those videos. before oh dude it's the most horrific. thing you've ever seen what. are you saying happens though. all they have to. do is just go oh a [ __ ] baby. so that happens though. you're saying and there are videos. of it oh yeah oh then yeah obviously don't do. that she was like it's not going. to happen i was like i don't give a [ __ ] yeah. why why no way for a cute. pick is not worth it. yeah no but she thinks i'm being overboard. show her the videos she'll change her. mind yeah maybe right. maybe maybe maybe i would one of those if that exist. it's hor horrific dude. yeah i was going. to ask a question. i don't want to. know the answer oh man. i feel bad now you were going. to ask a question. you don't want to. know the answer correct uh all right. one more i'm 225 is. working bench if that's what it was hey chris and matt long time. listener my name is onyx and i am from atlanta georgia oh and as you can see i have tattoos yeah i'm yed as some would say and people seem to. think that this is the main topic of conversation. that i want to. have all day every day. people show me their tattoos people ask. me to show them more of my tattoos i think it's wild. to run up on a stranger. yeah that's really weird. demand to see parts of their body but that's just me yeah. i went to. the er recently you know. and the nurse asked. me to uh you know pull up my sleeve. to stick the iv. or whatever and upon seeing my sleeve. you know she started going into. this long story about she got this tattoo in memorium of this. event and i said ma'am. i am running a fever. and i feel like i'm going. to vomit at any second can we get this. show not to be rude. but it's just like it's not always time. for that yeah yeah yeah it's not always time. for that of course do. you have a quip or a oneliner to. get me out of this. jam it would be greatly. appreciated chris you rock matt i love. you baby baby pimp pimping. i love you too. a sweet uh i mean. in that situation you were in the hospital. i like i can't talk right. now i feel like [ __ ] i mean that's so crazy. when a doctor or nurse. is like trying to. be jovial or even overly friendly. with you and you're like i can't. even talk right now what the [ __ ] you doing but sometimes doctors do that because they they feel like that'll lighten the mood and make you feel better. which i understand but all you got to. do is be like yo i i can't. do this right now and i'm sure they'd understand if they're a nurse. or a doctor what do you do. when it's a stranger it's just that's so awkward. and weird it is weird. cuz like i guess i have a lot. of tattoos but like well this is say just keep in mind. somewhere even if it's just in the back. of your mind a little faint. whisper they're doing it because they want. to talk to. you right true and for whatever. reason i don't know what that might be but i'll let you do the math. on that one but like these people they're not. just seeing tattoos on person then thinking i want to. know what that person's tattoos are see. you wanting to talk. to you and seeing that you have a lot. of tattoos and then thinking oh well that's an easy. thing to first start. talking about she has tattoos i have tattoos i'll ask her. about her tattoos it's just like that's the what's really going. on there uh so i don't know if that helps you it. doesn't change your situation. you still have to. be in that situation but maybe it'll help. you be able to. think of something to. say that you know i guess. what i'm saying is keep in mind. it's not really about the tattoos it's about talking to. you so if it's a stranger you can be like i'm sorry. i'm in a r or whatever. i don't know what's like that. that's good i'm in a rush. i mean yeah there you go. like the woman with the baby. there you go yeah did you did. it take you that long. to connect the baby. to that thing cuz i had it. right there locked and loaded. so who gives a [ __ ] not me. okay well i could have thought of that. i i thought of that. right away and i could have fired out. a joke or two about it. but i didn't because i didn't think it. was worth it and and it's and and you made the connection. too and that's good. it just took too long. who gives a [ __ ] not me. all right gives a [ __ ] i mean yeah i don't want any trouble. nobody gives a [ __ ] i care i don't care. one person gives a [ __ ] i'm just saying dude. uh so yeah i don't you know. i mean i i don't i actually rarely. get asked about my tattoos it. happens i guess now that i think about it. it's probably because when people come up. to me they come up. to me for a different. reason but but what do you do okay. so that's wow that's a [ __ ] i can see it it's not out but there's a huge outline. of your [ __ ] and how big no idiot what do you say to. get out of it. quickly i say this isn't about my [ __ ] and i moonwalk. no what do you say. so you can help. give advice to this. woman okay so cuz it's the same. what i'm saying is exactly. the same thing yeah yeah you know you could just go like this. they would [ __ ] leave maybe i cannot but i don't picture. her really wanting to. do that so maybe i am looking. for souls do that that's so stupid. uh yeah i'm in i'm late. i'm in a rush i'm sorry. or you could say you have co. dude how about this go ahead. nice tattoos oh nice tattoos let me. show you my tattoos h. don't sorry i am um i don't tattoos tattoos i am. and then they would touch her. you know they' be like you're tattoo i am. russian with gun yeah so yeah anyway that's it that's what's up give better. advice though for sure dude. that's it that's the advice. topnotch advice i don't speak english. that's not i don't speak that's a lot. oh i guess i would do that. i would do that okay. i don't do that because i can't. i would do that all the time. i have different advice. it's i'm late i got to. be somewhere sorry i'm in a hurry. this or have i am late. i am co you can. say that and i have covid. i am late and i don't speak english. only language i know is what i am. saying that is it and also and also golf. and also uh golf. club and park and caddy. that is it and that is it. and that is it okay. and then leave okay yeah that's we both. gave pretty equally good advice. all right only english i know. is i am late i have covid. and i do not speak english. and golf and basketball and hockey and caddy. and that is all i know. and i know all i know and that. is it and that is it. okay okay and that that is it. yeah uh thank you everybody. sign up come see on tly dot com. the patreon patreon dot com. lifeand luxury we love you. we love when you sign. up for that it. keeps us going makes us. love you even more sign. up for the private record. go see chris on tour. and you want to. want1 with me go to. mag dot com you want to. merch go to lifeline merch. dot com you want to. be on this show go. to watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. at the hotline down below thank. you no turn on the air. hello hello hello hello will h hello hello hello 