 i wrote a review okay. before we get into. it i wrote a review because i'm going. to work on being a critic. okay i wrote a review for artifice. girl okay i want you to. laid on us i wrote this. last night exiting the theater. shouldn't just be a way. to get back to. your car and go home. it can be [laughter] wrong. [music] hello terrible they're terrible no sir i love sex. and candy yeah yeah i know. it no i said that. first mother you didn't say. in that part i know. but i said the name. of the song i know but i so he can't be like yeah. you got it i got the melody no. but i know it i like sex. and candy yeah asthma sex. son can they yeah who's that. lounge in in ma basic. the lyrics i don't who's that. cast in okay devious stars in my direction mama this. is a dream why do you know. all the lyrics i'm just. jamming right why do you know. all the lyrics charlie. is a dream wow yeah. all right i mean ate something. ding and likes it. so wait hold on. why is that a why do you know. all that because it was a huge song. it's killing me it's thus. something what is it. it's the terribles mercy playground rigonauts frigginots jason and the frigginots you know what i'm saying dude. it why is it so it's about you look. you look super blind. is it so it's it's uh from uh new york. it's from new york. a song is not from anywhere. marcy playground is a band. marcy is in new york. so i'm saying maybe it's in playground. in new york all right so there. we go i'm a very. cultural very geographical okay. so wait hanging around. downtown by myself and i've had too much caffeine. thinking about myself all right. but uh i get it. now um black disco [music]. uh uh that would have turned up. podcast off honestly if i was listening well guess what yeah you're not you're not our demo. you're wearing the most regular orange. buttondown i've ever seen in my life. there's absolutely nothing special. about it it's the most regular orange. buttondown shirt i've ever seen in my life. what are you gonna do about it. nothing exactly just say that. exactly it is so regular it. would be in [ __ ] old navy in 2003 or as union bay. it's wrangler oh okay. yeah that's angular angular wrangler. uh the way that it. makes that is i don't know. wrangler makes those colors honestly well. they used to. these colors they don't really procure. the good things procure i procure. the best things on offer that. the world has trump okay and it's like nothing you've ever seen and i have this. same shirt i have the same. shirt it's like nothing anyone's ever. seen just in magenta as well. it's in orange as well. just like that one. it's yeah so it is red. as well so it says something. i've seen yeah but they're all like nothing and you have all. of them i have all of the ones. i said yes and i so they're all like each other. so i've seen that that's those are like ones. i've seen that one no i've only worn one. of them ever on this. show and i'm doing it. right now let's talk about this. dude how crazy is it. that lifeline luxury is out and you can go catch it right. now on patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury and let me tell you something. about it it's been going. gangbusters i'll tell you something. about extra episodes. of lifeline out on the patreon. and people are just eating them. up dude you know what i'll tell you what. about lifeline luxury. okay what dad has been bugging us. oh i know dude for weeks now. has he been able. to see it just i got the whole story okay. he's been bugging us. let's set it up. by saying our parents watch every single episode. of lifeline yes which is cute. yeah they look forward. to it and obviously because you know. every sunday night they like watching. it yeah their favorite people. are in it yeah and uh so my dad. because it's not it's through. patreon and not through regular youtube. yeah uh my dad well obvi my mom. even more because my mom didn't even know to. ask me so at least my dad. knows it should be possible. to watch it on the tv. which it is he he just didn't know. how and chris our producer. told him and that wasn't enough. so he when i came over yesterday. he asked me to. do it and i said what about. what chris chris told you how to. do it he said yeah. i don't know i couldn't figure it out. i said okay then i finally figured it out. and he seemed to. barely care once i did. you know what i'm saying oh. wow so wow that's so shitty yeah. it took me like a long. time until i chris was like okay. no this is how you do it. then i was because i can't do that. kind of shitty yeah yeah you're not good. at it yeah um we'll watch it. but i knew you're gonna do that. you're predictable oh wow um i'm not is what's wild. you're gonna do that no you didn't you. don't know anything you don't know anything. so anyways nice to. meet you you don't know. anything so that so then i do to. introduce yourself then i was like i set. it up i set it. up dad and he was like yeah. yeah great and i was like what where's. the reward in this. you know what i mean. so all right so all right. well maybe he'll thank you. now maybe eventually maybe if he sees. it and likes it. he'll be like hey thanks. matt you hooked me up. yeah but he didn't really. react that way you know. what i hate when we would be living. at home i mean many years. ago and you could have just said when we were kids. but and um and you would hear mom. be like oh [ __ ] chris oh oh yeah. yeah yeah yeah i know. what you're talking about god. dude about the computer she did she made something go. away oh she's like i made it go. away what did i do yeah and then you'd come in fix it. this is how it would always go you'd come in fix. it oh you'd be like oh you just kind of minimized. it here it's right. there always was that all right. yeah just hit the [ __ ] hit the [ __ ] green thing here yeah and then she'd go okay and then you you'd walk out down the hall. yep and then dude 80. of the time should go like this. oh [ __ ] wait chris yes yes oh never mind oh wow. yeah oh [ __ ] chris wait oh. all right never mind also here's the thing. that bothered me the most yeah. and it's not actually just her this is the the thing. that bothers me the most is. that when you do something. like that for somebody and you say so just so you know. so next time this happens. right right and they're like i'm not gonna know. i'm not gonna know and it's like oh oh so my time. is nothing to. you yeah yeah but your time. 15 more seconds just to. learn this for the rest of your life. is too much okay. yeah guess what's gonna happen. but it's gonna whatever's gonna happen. with the lifeline luxury. which you can get on patreon. dot com luxury it's going. to log out or whatever. and that's tv and he's gonna be like yeah. i need you to. do it again yep. so you know that's gonna happen. i mean i'm looking forward. to that maybe he'll actually. thank me next time. yeah uh i will be in colorado. i will be in pueblo. colorado i'll be in colorado springs. chrisley dot com for tickets. uh interesting that he would be changing. yeah right when it said there. was interesting so i know i know that's nice las vegas. i'll be in las vegas. um knoxville tennessee little rock. for some reason in nashville. so chrisley dot com get tickets. there and that's great it's uh one thing. that is interesting about what. i talked about about dad. yeah is that it's fought today. this episode's father's day. oh yeah that's right. it is it is father's day. so another father's day. uh i told the story about my dad. not thanking me enough uh there you go. yeah it's father's day. for me dude i i it's my first. father's day having two kids. oh yeah yep how's that. so far i don't know because it's we're recording. it before not even the day. yet all right okay as we're talking i just got back. from tucson and i'm just going. to go ahead and say it. that show was awesome. yeah even i have no. idea oh well it's not there. you're right yeah okay cool. that's cool but it was great. a lot of people there. having a good time at the linda ronstadt music. hall or whatever thank you named after yeah. i believe so imagine you're linda ronson the one. you get named after was the one. in [ __ ] tucson maybe maybe she's from there or something who knows i would take it you know that's yeah yeah that's a major city. major american city um lifeline luxury. though huh yeah definitely so you can. you got to sign. up if you don't sign. up it is you ain't. she nice and also you can uh it's just us. bantering no no video submissions or anything. like that but if you do have a video submission. go to uh watchlifeland dot com. or the hotline we. have there and uh if you wanna. on session with matt go. to mattelia dot com. i had some bro good ones yesterday. oh yeah real good day. sessions am i good i mean. real freaky stuff you know. people coming at me with some real. freaky stuff okay and then if you want. the merch which is absolutely. incredible lifelinemerch dot com there. we go um i will say. this i could not sleep. last night and i'm pissed. about it you dude. all right so here's what happened. i got home i was at the laugh. factory i got home uh uh i was with a buddy. i was like let's go to. my house and order some food. he goes like this nah. so i'm like all right. i go home i want to. order spaghetti and meatballs i didn't though because the place. was closed okay. but it's all good you know. i keep it lean but i didn't feel like keeping it yeah. it doesn't sound like you but um didn't yeah. yeah exactly right because i've been working out. like crazy bro okay keep going don't get sidetracked i know. but i did a big shoulder. day yesterday don't care okay. no one no one watching i did. military presses and then also just with the dumbbells after that. no one's ever cared. and then i did battle. ropes at the end but that. was after a bunch of stuff. no one could feasibly care. about it's not even possible. that in the future someone. might all right so um after that. i go you know what i earned. it so [ __ ] it so i went to. go get two i i ordered two burgers. to the house because one burger. is a snack i don't just eat one. i really don't like that. thing that you say i just really detest it. can you tell me why. yeah because it's not even. remotely true you know what. i mean what do you and when you're not. remotely true and people say. them with complete conviction it. makes me mad what do you mean. it's not birds are big. fat slob food that you don't. usually even finish then why do. i eat too i think because you're a big. fat slob dude and doing it at like midnight dude. let me tell you right. now if you're if you're eating one burger. and you can't finish it and you're a dude. you're a [ __ ] you're a [ __ ] even if you leave one bite just like first of all that's just like plain schoolyard. bully yep [ __ ] and i said it and it's wrong. it's not wrong dude come. on bro it's a little bit it's just you. care what are you everyone's. mom i'm not finished on your plate. finish what's on your plate. but like you're not even really. hungry just wait a little bit. till you can eat a. whole burger because it's just a snack. dude after you eat a burger. i go like this what do. you want to. eat you're fat you're fat. burger in your heart. in your soul you're fat so i ate i got two. because i know my [ __ ] i didn't get fries. i got two burgers. okay okay to leave. room for the second burger. i didn't want fries. oh okay yeah so then i sat. and i watched a movie and uh what was it. oh my god could you be more. boring could you possibly. be more boring right. now i mean it's like you're trying. to set some records. what was the movie i watched. last night oh i don't know. our artifice girl that's such a bad title. by the way what what yeah it's a bad. title but the movie was really. good what is it. it wasn't south by southwest or something. like that it takes place. in like three different rooms. and it's about ai oh i like the sound. whim shatter i do that. now so uh something sounds good so uh i ate the two burgers. then i looked and see what kind of sweets. we got ate the sweets. and uh then try went to. bed at about 12 30. i wrote. a review for uh i think i know. why you didn't get to. sleep okay because you had two burgers. and a bunch of sweets. at 12 30. all right. so you don't think i can do that. now no you're 48. 3 43 don't say that but the air. is on everyone's fired but um feels good. though it does yeah so i did that. and i couldn't sleep. and do you and my question. is i didn't sleep. till four i couldn't i was tossing and turned i tried. everything i took a little bit of nyquil. didn't work nyquil goes like this. no dude nyquil i have the you know. this i have the opposite. reaction to nyquil then is. supposed than you're supposed to. have what yeah it keeps me. way wired and awake. whoa yeah it sucks. anyway uh i couldn't get to. sleep till four i legit. was moving around and kristen was like why don't you just go. in the other bed you're kind of keeping me. up and i was like yeah. okay i thought you're sleeping. so i went and i and i finally went to. sleep and that's why i was a little bit late. here i'm really tired but what about. what about the other days that you're late. every day i'm not you're late. a lot i'm late sometimes. you're late the thing about me. is i'm like five to. ten minutes late almost all. the time yeah you'll be like 80. minutes late dude i was three minutes. late today i wrote a review general okay before we get into. it i wrote a review because i'm going. to work on being a critic. okay i wrote a review for artifice. girl okay i want you to. lay it on us i wrote this. last night exiting the theater. shouldn't just be a way. to get back to. your car and go home. it can [laughter] dude exiting. the theater shouldn't just be a way. to get back to. your car and go home. it can be much much more. and yes we long for the days. where movies leave. you with that wow feeling well. the new piece by franklin rich. is that plus more. it takes tire tropes and revamps them. into beautifully spun lore. this modern classic rips. apart all conventional filmmaking and throws. it out the window. while you're sitting there thinking yeah. this is what i've missed. in the movie since the 70s. see artifice girl in the theater and when you leave that's when a whole other experience begins. you aren't just walking to. your car you're thinking about the film. and how it exposed humanity. to its very core. the truth is this piece is a gorgeous. thinker dude that is the part. that makes me most mad that. part makes me so mad. it was kind of humorous. until i got to the end. yeah at the very end he didn't. write out five stars he. had five star emojis oh. god dude at 2 30. in the morning he's a great. thinker you know gorgeous a gorgeous. thinker wow i'm like it's a person. [laughter] review or whatever. you want to. call it is like the thing. you can see a lot of critics. it's a lot of things. namely awful terrible whatever. but the thing that it is. the most is that each sentence. it's like missing three sentences. in between yeah yeah you know. what i'm saying i do like you're making so many. leaps that you didn't earn i do. yeah but but anyone could be a movie critic. i could do that now in a massacre. a following right now anybody is a movie. critic and that's improper language. but what i mean is. yeah if you read movie. reviews now literally all it is. is [ __ ] like that where it's like right. i guy you have no idea. about it i liked. it or i guy you have no. idea about didn't like it. yeah that's not criticism that is your shitty. armchair opinion that you're writing about. on some blog that no. one [ __ ] reads submitter yes so anyway we got tanked you know uh you didn't so uh that's what that was what i what i wrote about that at 2. 30 in the morning when i couldn't sleep. you don't need to. wrap it up i texted it. the things it's over you know. what i mean all right. so in short that. is what i wrote but that so lifeline. luxury is where it's at. dude but right now we're gonna get into. um some uh video submissions worst. segway guy ever i mean everything. i do is bad you. know you're saying whatever whatever i mean you don't need to. do that made it worse. and i'm from the dmv. i want to. get straight to the point. because it's very interesting. to me and i'd love your intake so my dear. friend who is muslim. was talking to and is kind of still talking. to this guy who's christian. if you were none the wiser you would have no. idea that in the muslim. culture it's very frowned upon to. be with date or marry anybody. outside of college yeah well i mean. people can get disowned for it. that's just their culture. and how they do things. so they had a great. time together their talking stage um had a lot. of great experiences and made each other. really happy but somewhere down the line. he made the decision. to kind of end it because he felt they were both. getting too involved and invested into. something that wasn't going. to end up long term. purely due to. religion yeah so i'd love to. hear your take did they say. [ __ ] it or should they respect it i should have been like that too when i was younger i'm sorry. i'm muslim here's the deal. i can i'm muslim. with my feelings about that. guy thanks for the eaton ready. yeah [music] yeah you suck. yeah you're so you're some girl. that you really really like because some books. some guy wrote 1400. years ago yeah that sucks that's the stupid. reason but maybe he's not even muslim. maybe he just says he's muslim. because he likes i'm trusting. her thanks for the email. she knows the guy and knows the girl involved. he's actually muslim okay. thanks for the email. oh babe i would but i'm muslim. but they don't think they had sex. dude if they're both religious. people you don't have premarital sex. thanks for the talking i'm muslim. okay so the point is just to. thank them and get out. because you're muslim. oh dude i can't man. i'm sorry dude some guy. wrote a book 14 000 years. ago i'm mostly 14. 000 years ago. [laughter] oh dumb that is. the most set up on. a tea thing for me. it's so so so simple and straightforward. it's really hard to. find someone that not only that. you love but that loves. you back you can't add things. to get in the way. you can't be like my book. that was written 1400 years. ago says i can't marry you. in your book that was written. 2 000 years ago. says you can't so like well maybe we shouldn't like dude. the world sucks i know it's 2023. it's obvious. nothing matters all you need. to do is go online. and see just be with the person. that you like the most and that likes you. the most because that feels good and that is literally all we got so your friends how long ago. the guy's an idiot that. was the guy that wrote the muslim. book the quran was written. about 1400 years. ago history a little more who really wrote their names. yeah i can't believe that. that's what i said to. syrian i got i got it. right did that really work yeah. oh wow crazy because i'm smart. i know it's the career. wow okay well good uh yeah dude. that's uh yeah that's oh that's so stupid. that guy you know. i don't know everyone honestly. religions do it it has nothing to. do with islam specifically yeah it's true. of christianity some some sex. of judaism like i mean any religion. mormonism mormonism is christianity. yeah yeah okay but uh yeah dude. it's it's it's idiotic. top to bottom doesn't matter. what religion it is that it. says that any religion. that is the reason for you to. not marry someone you would otherwise. want to marry or just be with for a long. time that is bad full stop the end. there's no merit to. it it is stupid it's like believing. in santa claus with a tooth. fairy uh sorry i'm muslim. thanks for the talking though. yeah what even really make sense. though because what if that's what he said dude. thanks for the talking i'm muslim. she would have i know. what she would have said what. what because i don't i don't understand. what you mean but anything you said i don't. even know your [ __ ] we didn't do that. oh what do you think she'd say. what wait say that again. we didn't even i don't know. your [ __ ] because we didn't even. do that anymore she would be like okay. bye no and thank you for. really that is what he said. so she should thank him. that's not at all what he said. it's not even close. to what he's but basically he did. say that because he's saying i can't be with you because i'm muslim. and i'm saying muslim because that's what i want. to say not muslim. it's fine okay. both work uh but you're kind of a [ __ ] if you're a white guy and you're like muslim. but you were doing it. the whole time because i was making a joke. as a comedy podcast. oh if i was giving away. people say though i know but i go. muslim it's like when people. say jesus no one. does that well in some circles they do. it's like when people say jojoism oh yeah. or um pakistan brian cowan does that oh you know. what i mean i just want to. [ __ ] rip his adam's apple i. wasn't getting mad until you mentioned yeah his name and then i mentioned his face and then i got mad there. you go so anyway yeah that sucks man. love is love dude. and you got to. just be in love and love it. and not not let religion. or anybody who wrote any book. 1400 years ago or 14. days ago or 14 000. days or even if it's the client. by john grisham don't. listen to people who wrote books. wow and love who you want to. love you're extrapolating too much. but yeah i love who you want i'm an extrapolator sounds. like a movie that would come. out with like denzel washington no straight to. dvd yeah yeah it's like uh cole. hauser and bruce willis. oh wow dude and um and uh devin sawa okay. cool [ __ ] what's up guys stefan here. from serbia tonight i'm huge fan. nice watching your show for a long. time watching uh chris congratulations. podcast for a bit time in few years. yeah even before uh the corvette. even before it didn't existed. this happened after that so yeah. i got a quick question for you. uh recently my mother. passed and it was uh you know. tough time for me. lately and one good thing that happened. to me in this. period let's say a relationship. that i did not expect at all. with the next that i was with uh let's say half. of my life ago. or when we were kids. wow really really young teenagers. he looks young and you know i'm catching. some feelings very fast. yeah like maybe we were together. for a month now i mean. we are still together. and i'm really feeling a lot. i mean i would say i'm falling. in love but i yeah i lost my mother. in that period like two. weeks ago and my question is for you. guys is it too good. to be true. you know when you lose somebody. and you meet somebody i mean. not in that order but anyways. when it's almost at the same. time is it possible. to be you know like um to. really feel the feelings that you need. to feel or is it. all because i you know. lost my mother and now i want. to love somebody else. maybe somebody new okay trent you. know i really do love. this person this girl and um yeah do you have some similar. experience maybe in your life. when you lost somebody. and you also gained. somebody new in your life. it can be a friend maybe love anything yeah so yeah so is it. too good to. be true you know to. meet somebody really okay good for you. in the period of your life. when it's all bad yeah thank. you guys well you know. the reincarnation is a real thing. it could be his mom. it's not a real thing but that also is [ __ ] up he doesn't want. to hear that he doesn't want to. be like oh oh the woman. actually fell in love with was was my mom. lovely the joke is that she was alive. when the mom was alive. anyway can't be ah you know. they [ __ ] it all up okay well i think you [ __ ] it up by making it but no dude i just i do i just love how matter of fact it was just like you know i would say i am you know not falling in love so yeah like that's just serbian he was very yeah so eamon loves her what to. do now you know like that's how you do it. i think that i i i get the question. he's asking it's kind of it's a little bit complicated. because you need comfort basically saying am i falling. in love am i being vulnerable. to feeling like i'm falling. in love just because i'm so in so much. pain my mother passing. away and my life is in such flux right. i would say actually it doesn't matter. because your experience of of your experience is that you're falling. in love and you can't. be like well no i think i'm just doing. it because this this and this it doesn't matter. if you're feeling the feeling then you're that. it's legitimate and it's what's actually. going on and you should not. you should not lessen its significance in your mind. or certainly shouldn't like put the brakes. on it just because you're worried that. it's some kind of like replacement for. these feelings also that's how life goes. it's just that's such a massive scale. version of it usually. you know when our hearts. are more open and seeking maybe some kind of companionship. or love we're more likely. to to find it because our hearts. are more open and because we're more on the lookout. for it like you're you didn't mean. to have your mother. die and then have this big hole. in your life but it happened. and now you do and you are a person. with that hole and who cares. if the reason is that or whatever. something else yeah it's just it. all comes down to. a few things do you have fun. with her and is the e. on good because all else. it doesn't matter dude. it really doesn't matter i mean. you could make a case. that he needs to. heal first being good doesn't matter. you could make a case. matters well eu matters. but it's like other stuff matters. i think same the same. amount as you yeah but not. being happy like being happy. is the above being happy. is above all but that's why. i said it first but it comes. down to a few. things does she are. you happy hanging out. with her is it fun. and how's the you know. because if they eat but i don't think that's third. or second i think it's like what. i think is that there's the top. it's like general happiness whatever that means. to whoever yeah and then it's like a few things in the next. category so just to. say the two implies. that is the eu good is. is as important as this. general happiness i don't know man i think the eaton is high on that list i used to. not think so but you know. you're not allowing for the distinction. and nuance that i'm adding to. the conversation so you think it's about. happiness what else is the eat. no good that's what i'm saying. but no but you're stopping after is the evening. yeah right it's only about the happiness. yeah right all right so then what uh uh i mean. that's it okay so i'm just kidding. um yeah i don't know. but that's not the point keep going. i know no no i get it. i i think it comes down. to a few things and you know. what matt says is true. here's the deal you gotta hopefully. you're not in like this. sort of fever dream kind. of weird area in your life. where oh my god my mom. died i'm not who i normally. am yeah right and i fell in love. at this moment because i do think that there is something. to be said about feeling. your feelings and also uh figuring out how to. cope with this before you involve. someone else but also it. happened the way it happened. yeah and as long as you're happy. with her and then it was nice i feel like it's good. truly also he didn't seem like a man. in a tail spin yeah. i mean who knows but no hole. in his head at the moment. he seems pretty he could have. got it yeah he could have just put it together. for the video who knows he just stop sticking videos. i mean bro you never know. yeah people because dude. like even like as much. footage as they're out of me. on the internet like people come up. to me sometimes and or i get messages. or somebody sent a message. to my wife the other day. and it was like uh man. i didn't realize that chris was like such a nice. guy and he was so soft. spoken and like appreciative and like and it's like did. they just think that i'm gonna be like ah you're a piece. of [ __ ] you know probably just because that's how i am on the [ __ ] podcast my point is people think that people don't you can't tell who someone is just by that much footage so maybe this guy could be in a real real real targaryen but got it together for a little bit i think it's kind of like a forgive me for generalizing but i think serbians just be based on life circumstances yeah certainly previous generations yeah. they're probably like less bulldozed by things in life. 100 people in america. are you know totally uh so i think there. tend to be more even keeled and uh you know i am falling. in love i would say i am. in love um yeah my mother. died and i am falling. in love and my mother. died fallen in love it. was hard to have mother. die and then i fell in love it's beautiful. anyway um yeah just so chilly i will have the chicken. talking to the waitress. all right so chill. about the two most extreme things anyway. i will have falafel or whatever. they eat over there wow. so racist i have no idea. okay i don't have any advices. needed i just wanted. to clear up uh an argument between. chris and matt oh um for the sneeze. so i want to. start by saying never lie. i agree with matt on. that don't lie there's no purpose. for it but the i'm the guy. that called in uh he was sharing. a bed with a friend. oh right yeah of course yeah say it though. say it yeah what just for for people. that see this episode but not that. episode it was it was this. guy had just started dating a girl. uh that he was really. into but just prior. to that he had made plans. to go on this. big european trip with a really good. friend of his who happened to. be female and happened to. be a girl he was he had just met. has like these sort of issues. from the past that were bubbling up. about this trip he was taking and instead of you know. he felt the pressure of this. new situation he was in and instead of telling her. the truth which was that. they were going to. be sharing a room together. on their travels because money and less rooms. the better yeah if you have friends. it's easier to. stack them up anyway um he lied. to her and said they were staying in separate. rooms they were on the phone. one night she's still in the states. he's in europe he's in bed. with his friends his girlfriend doesn't know that. his friend sneezes like an [ __ ] ruins everything and then these girlfriend is like who was that and the guy says it was me big mistake yeah and now this woman has uh i'm angry. with that woman for sneezing. but yeah my point was. like you shouldn't have lied. in the first place yeah. you shouldn't but now that you but in the meantime. since we did don't sneeze. go ahead i'm leaning more towards the fact that this. woman sneezed on purpose. yeah to sabotage that. phone call and that relationship totally be true. because she has feelings for him uh we chris was right. you could have you know. she could have gone in the bathroom. she could have left the room. she could have covered her. face so in my perspective. to that friendship then he thinks and i think she purposely. sneezed god loud enough for this. other girl to hear um i don't. know you decide but yeah let me tell you what. i'm happy about i'm happy. she made this this video and said what. she said i'm happy. chris picked it well yeah me too because it seems like good. in a way that you have to. be smart to. be able to. recognize that it's good and he's not that smart. yeah but he figured it out. you figured it out i'm going. to i'm going to. say i bet he'd even watch a [ __ ] video and just click no how about this one oh well i mean i wouldn't even here. we go dude you give me you guys. give me no credit no no no that's that. is true i was gonna say. that's not true you pick good. videos no you do pick good. videos but you have probably have someone doing that. for you you farm that one out uh no that was a very great. very great choice of video. chris very good interesting submission. and frankly i ca i can't believe it. but i didn't even consider that. i i actually i kind of was thinking. that that's why i said what i said. but she put it into. words way better than i did. which is crazy because i'm in order. it's like a it's like a freudian. thing yes well no because she might not even. have known but don't yeah. well yeah even if it wasn't intentionally. she could have been doing it. to sabotage but my whole thing. is don't [ __ ] sneeze. dude just don't sneeze. or haven't you ever sneezed when you didn't want. to sneeze though yeah but really quietly you threw. up you know we're like in the other room. oh here it comes. who's it's not like you don't. know it's coming but but here let's let's maybe you're never just like oh yeah. if we're gonna if we're gonna speculate though what if he also didn't even tell the friend. because of whatever it could be a number of reasons. right you know he was like yo don't don't say. [ __ ] be quiet don't don't you know i mean you would think he's just testing or he's on the phone yeah yeah honey with hairspray pepper yeah honey a feather uh uh i don't know man that was a good video it was a great video i thought about it and i just thought i was just you know i was just like i'm 11. i love and laugh i love and love what a great recap dude yeah she did good she should come on the show should she want to. be the 30th of the show. you should be a [ __ ] footballer now. she should sit right here. a football announcer with that. there he goes lauren long. down down the road down. the [ __ ] 10yard line any touchdown there we go you know what that was amazing. you just kind of ran and got a touchdown you know. me i'm just loving life. oh dude we should ask. these people first i've been doing that. for years and i'm convinced. there is a song that that does that. and people that are listening now. please know what the song. is what we're doing okay. all it is in my mind. yeah is love and life. i love and laugh hello. okay it is that a song i mean. how many years is this. though this is like that will be an 80s. song or a 90s song. there's no [ __ ] way to. think of what okay so we had cable and because we're two. boys and we were like eight. and eleven when we were kids. we had people in our rooms. not a good idea you know. i mean yeah this is a lifelong. luxury story but okay it is but i gotta say yeah. uh we were watching dot com. we watched like a soft. porn yeah yeah and we were let me tell you we were 11. live yeah and at the end of the movie. uh we watched until the credits. you know because we're eight and eleven. and the song was that the the hook. on it was i got a woody. all right and we thought it. was the funnest thing ever. and then because youtube is so great. we found this song years. later yep and let me tell you something it's the worst. song of all time oh it's the worst. just look up it's i got a woody. so we'll play it on we'll play. it on lifeline luxury. because we can yeah. and imagine us laughing. at it we died. laughing i got a woody. all right cool i got a woody. yeah yeah no i got a woody. oh yeah [ __ ] man how unsexy is the term woody. dude it's the worst oh yeah. baby oh baby hey baby. uh put your hand on my woody. i mean what's what's the uh equal. for box i want to. suck my woody oh yeah. i feel so good on my woody. what about weenie dude. that's the least sexy thing. woody's a little bit better. than weenie oh baby oh god. i feel so good on my weenie. don't do the fake kiss sound dude. so disgusting hey stop ew that's kissing i know. what it is i've done. it i've done it. okay oh man. ah that's my weenie ah i feel so good on my weenie. i mean also though. like okay what word would that. would those words be acceptable you know. ah man i feel so good on my weenie. the biggest person just having sex. with an actual whale amazon. woman nine feet tall that'd be cool. it's like where wonder woman. lives well all right um nerd you know. it's like we're wonder woman. lives he's done so much. dude this guy's on so much. right now and also always go back. ah dude so much coke. in one second yo what up. lifeline wow uh big fan of christmas. so yeah dc oh nice. matt [ __ ] trail as [ __ ] um my question is what do you say to. people that like call out. when you're rocking like a new. article of clothing or like. a piece of jewelry i. just got this gold chain. yeah i need something to. say to people that call it. out yeah thanks yeah i i i i understand. let me just [ __ ] put on what i want. and don't say [ __ ] about it i know i know you do so what say something. about like my change or something. oh dude it's cool you got two. chains on oh you noticed yeah. oh you noticed yeah ah oh my god. the worst guy you know. you get real like up. close in them and up. close to their face did you just notice. because i have them on. that's crazy yeah oh oh my god yeah. um yeah it's annoying dude. it's annoying it's like i mean. i even feel that way. about haircuts are you. gonna just get a haircut. yeah that is annoying you know. i did you notice on. my hair i'll go first. you want to. talk about my haircut. what the [ __ ] is this i'll go further you know what i don't like when people are like i saw you posted on instagram. i i feel so like do you know. what leave that for the internet. just comment don't be talking about what. i posted on instagram. but what if they have something to. say about it actually text. it to me wow i mean. so many rules. okay so if they have something if that's like a real to. say about a post they need to. text it to. you no if they actually have something real to. say but if they're like dude. that [ __ ] story you did with the [ __ ] other guy in it oh man it makes me feel weird just leaving for the leave it for the leave it for the instagram that's weird yeah am i you agree i'm surprised you agree all right you're not surprised but i do agree yeah oh i'm not nope dude what's up man you feast your eyes on that i'm looking what do you want what do you think about that do it again i'm gonna add it up can i just pull it up pretty surprising that that's a snake you got a [ __ ] snake on your arm yeah right there what i mean i know where it is but why what do you mean what is it you can see it's a snake but it like from this angle it looks like it might be like a ball sack nope no okay but why is it if your balls look like that you're in trouble. huh why a snake. um because they're in the grass. of the log cabin we gotta watch out. all right i forgot you have. the whole like story going on also just learned. lore yesterday it's the second. it's the second time you use the word. in 24 hours i'm kevin. lore i believe you that's cool. the snake is out of proportion. to the house though it's as big. as the house yeah it's a symbol. dude okay but it's like a little weenie. [ __ ] dick in the grass. is it like is it. like perspective like it's closer. or it's just separate entirely no. it's just it's just a [ __ ] mural. you know how murals go yeah but it's not a mural. though it is a mural. on my [ __ ] bicep you know. it's a tattoo yeah but it's a mural. of art on my [ __ ] bicep and triceps no no no no no no you don't say like did you see the painting i have on my arm which is a tattoo that's not what you do you could say that. and i would understand what you mean. what it meant but it's a mural. because of this is my art. my my my my body's my. diary and this is my journal. okay okay man anyway that snake's just on. a branch just living life. you know what i mean. yeah dude i mean i you came in the right. place because i definitely know what you mean. yeah all right cool so next one. who's next parkinson's disease parkinson's disease. uh he's also on the decline. since he and my mum is. his uh fulltime carer she's also a grandmother um sometimes. i'll get a call from work. he's fallen over i'm gonna go. pick him up take him to. hospital [ __ ] like that nurses have said we need to. uh get help she's eligible. to have a nurse. come in daily to. do the rounds like mum's. load but she loves her. peace and quiet right woman of solitude how do we nudge her to. allow the help he needs talk. to my siblings about an. intervention probably won't go. well she'll get defensive she has mental health. issues herself um so how do we do it lovingly without pushing her. over the edge what do you think you. know uh mum's peace and quiet. dad's health i i know the answer. yeah but uh i just need a little bit. of help in in what do you mean. uh he knows what they should do. they should have someone come and help. us i think like a lot. of things you have to. when you deliver the news. you say it like it's a [ __ ] present that you're getting her. you say it like it's it's a gift. for her to enjoy you get to. take some time off. a little less stress. just in and out for a few. hours every day whatever. and you get to. just kick back and actually have your own. peace and quiet dude. spin it like that you have to. have your own peace and quiet. manipulative why are you saying that. because you know you know. that she doesn't want to. but you're manipulating the situation. no i think that you did. i got you something i'm not gonna say. i think i think that he believes. he is doing his mom. a favor i think that he just also believes that. she's not gonna understand it. until it's there in place happening right. she he's not like [ __ ] over his mom. no i know she needs help. and she's gonna deny it. out of pride and like habit. dude i got your meet and greet. 25 fingers uh um did you make what is johnny. five i don't know you. just can't just make that up. i guess i did i don't know. there's a real thing i have no it's not definitely not. you know it could be something. already uh since i'm creative. so uh but yeah dude. you know she's gonna get defensive. you got to take the big. swing and make it sound like it is what it is which is like a gift for yeah mom do you want to. be love and live i got you. something exactly yeah that's not a bad that's not a bad. advice is you know um otherwise you're just. gonna get the pushback that. you know true like you want your piece. of quiet you get peace and quiet. look i get it. dude times are changing and it's gonna be tough and change is always weird. but it's also inevitable so you know. you need help he needs help. let's just do this and we got you. this and and you know i set. it all up for you. you don't have to. do anything if you don't like him. or her when they come like we'll get a new one. but like this is good dad. needs it yep and like it's gonna make your life. a lot easier and you you deserve. it get her internet. you know make it about her. make it about her gaming. you deserve this mom here. play among us see if you. like it okay yeah i guess. i could also get a replacement too. if you want yeah i mean i think that's good. i think that's uh that's good. advice cool sorry to. hear about that yeah that sucks. man i'm sorry sucks i'm really sorry. dude hey chris and matt. so uh so i just was driving home. from work and i called up. my my best friend um i was just planning. out something that was going. to happen in a couple. of weeks and we were just like talking. and i was telling him. something funny and then all of a sudden. he's [ __ ] silent right and then you just hear like a seven second delayed little tiny giggle. oh my god this [ __ ] is using his phone. while he's talking to. me so how i called him out. i said i i just said like oh dude. you're on your [ __ ] phone and he's just like yeah sorry. like i'm just doing all this. and he told me. what he's doing on his phone. like all right i'm gonna let you go but what's a better. way when you know somebody's on their goddamn phone. while they're talking to you on. the phone um to. hit him with something. like [ __ ] make him feel like [ __ ] about it or or just uh you know call him out better. because you know it's just kind of like really dude. if i'm talking to. you face to face and then all of a sudden. i'm just like yeah yeah that's funny. yeah [ __ ] you dude. so texas um any advice. text someone you're talking on the phone. yeah i know you're doing dm on. instagram i know you're doing text. him and say [ __ ] you i know what you're doing yeah. that's the move dude. uh couldn't uh that guy. i liked his whole thing. his demeanor and everything he seemed cool. say why i don't know. man it was just seemed like easy. going even though he's calling in with like. a gripe he seemed like he was just chill. like he wasn't really that. mad about it and he laughed during the thing. like he just thought he was just very comfortable. and uh he doesn't seem threatening. he seems like a nice guy. i like that guy my next question. is why don't you marry. him i mean he set. me up you know something. not even really that way. no if you like him that. much you know i don't marry. people you like have him. cohost this podcast with you okay it's deeper you don't marry people. you like if they love them. okay well it sounds like you might love that. guy i don't think i love him. uh i mean knows demo. you love him you know. so i don't i don't i don't know i don't know i don't know about texting. is that enough i don't know. man i i just think that honestly. he wants to. drag his friend for be making him. feel like why are you even talking on. the phone that's what i was actually. gonna say so what are you guys. talking about i know. the solution of this. get off the phone what. are you talking about serious. [ __ ] you know in movies when they're like well if it was serious he wouldn't be doing the thing he was doing playing games right. how about this you be more interesting. yeah how about that. be be more memorable like we say. hey dude maybe your friend's. playing games on his phone. while you're talking to. him because you're a [ __ ] as exciting as a mausoleum yep maybe i maybe i didn't was wrong. in thinking that you were cool. and i like you maybe you're actually not as interesting. as lore wow dude. you know fitting the word. lauren now um not even. in situations where it's where it. works no but i just think that uh yeah. i think that who cares. really i don't even think you. care i think that uh also what. are you talking about on the phone. right that's kind of weird. man also no i think what you should do. all things considered when you. realize they're doing something else. say just stop what you're saying. even in the middle of a sentence. and just say [ __ ] you and hang up oh wow that's really aggressive but it's just as rude. it is rude as hell dude. like just get off the phone. with the person it is rude. in the favor of not wasting. their breath like it's not. rude to. get off also why did the guy. admit that he was doing something else because you know. it's like if they're good. friends like uh he's just [ __ ] and it's like you're even listening he's like nah nah but here's me if i'm in that conversation i'm looking at my phone and i was like you look at another phone i'm like yeah yeah yeah dude you're being [ __ ] like say other [ __ ] yeah you you would say that i would i would dude it was so boring what these people were talking about a few nights ago and i couldn't even believe it i mean that is so vague what are you learning. english where were you who were they checked. out i didn't talk with them. and then afterwards i was like guys. you know i don't know man. and then we talked about something else and they got mad at me. you were with these people yeah okay do i mean. just do better telling that. story because all you did was get to. the middle end middle. slash end and then end it. and no one no one had any contacts. for what you were saying. do you know what i mean. i thought i i started. late in the story which is what you're supposed. to do with a good story you're supposed. to start as late. as possible into the story getting. a lot of text did. you know that that uh i actually did. know that yeah it's like a movie. maker thing yeah and i know that too so i was just checking my fantasy. baseball stuff i think i'm gonna write a horror. movie nice what's it called. uh artifice girl artifice girls lore. 30 is one called lore. horror really yeah there's a i don't know. there was a podcast famous. podcast called laura oh they turned it. into something but that was not a but no i can't. remember a while ago. that guy we got an argument on twitter. me and that guy the creator of lore. oh really yeah yeah the pocket. i can't remember bro. i cannot remember wow i was like you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] dude oh wow jesus. he was i mean but then also like back. then i was a [ __ ] fiery like a like a real like reactionary. dude okay well man i'm a little bit more. chill now things change things. do change okay what's up. what do we got we didn't came one. more or something [ __ ] so check it out. i have like a slight gambling. problem oh dude literally not wearing a shirt. because he it yeah yeah and is in because that's furthest. away closet yep away from so his wife. doesn't yeah yeah because he already lost. the house like a slight gambling. problem go go back go back go. back i mean there is no such thing. by the way as a slight. game no not really no hey what up. chris and matt let's check it. out i have like a slight gambling. problem um gambling i probably made something between. 40 and 60 000 in the last two. years online gambling and the swings. are up and down obviously you know. but losers obviously pays the bills. i mean that's a lot. of money um up. more than i'm down and i probably need to. stop because when the swings. are low it affects everything. yeah so that's a drunk. uh what do you guys. think should i just cut it. out and just take my job. is what it is and you know. make like 100 grand a year. yeah i mean is he okay. with that or should i continue to. push and i hope that it you know. the swings go up let me know thanks. ah yes get out of that. bro that sounds like a [ __ ] problem waiting. to happen so i mean. it is a problem when you're up. okay when you're gambling. and you're you go way. up which this guy obviously did and then you go. way down but you're still technically. up it's two things that you realize one. is that you know. you're playing a losing game and you know. you need to. stop but at no time is the impulse. to bet more and get that. high back stronger than after you lose. winnings not you lose your money. but when winnings go away. the urge to. get that went back to. reattane that high is so strong. stronger than at any other time. and for all of those reasons. you should absolutely do everything. you can 100 to. stop now yeah because you're gonna end. up yeah and it's gonna it's harder to. stop the longer you do it. i feel like addiction. it you know it's like i i would honestly. i would try to. look i would try to. have you tried to. stop before that's the thing that i think that you should. you should think about have you tried. to stop before because if you have tried. to stop before and you didn't then. that's straight up addiction. you know if like you know the lows are. so bad and you can't stop even though. you want to. like that's the definition. of addiction so you gotta try. and somehow get some help. actually um because gambling addiction. is [ __ ] rude old dude. uh you'll ruin your life. i mean i know some people here who are gamblers and it's just they've ruined. ruined their lives so um. yeah uh uh i would say stop honestly. my heart felt responses. stop because also dude i understand. everybody's struggling and it's hard. to make money but if you're making a hundred thousand. dollars a year that's a fine. living like i mean especially west side. of l.a yeah exactly in l.a it's impossible. but like you know wherever you live. like that's a fine. living dude it's not like you're making 15. 000 a year to. where you're like i gotta do. something yeah that's the thing. like you're gonna [ __ ] your life up dude. the whole reason why you're making this. video is because you know that. there might be a problem so if there might be a problem. then there is a problem just it's like when you think somebody might be gay. and you're and you're like really like oh no. no actually if i'm even thinking that. he's definitely smoked some poles. you know what i'm saying so i mean. not a necessary analogy though. you know what i mean. yeah it is though you know. because it's actually clearer. with the gambling it is. because of the money thing. but honestly if you sucking polls. was money you'd you know. you maybe think differently. about it you'd be like oh is he gay. oh wait the fact that i'm thinking. that he's definitely smoke. some poles right so smoke. some poor yeah i do think i do. think that you should stop i think you should stop especially since you kind of are. [ __ ] making you have a job dude you also lost your shirt literally i mean that is an expression yeah symbolically it's very funny that you called in with you yeah dude exactly you lost your shirt literally and you're gonna lose your shirt financially if you keep betting. yeah i'm telling you i get it. why you want to. keep going more than you. did even when you first started. really way up this is this. is not complicated it's not. confusing you're a very people don't like to. hear this all the time. but what you're experiencing. is actually extremely typical at this. juncture you start to. realize i gotta stop or else. it's gonna get really really bad. that's why you're asking and it's all. all things are pointing to. you gotta stop right now the big. thing for me is if you tried. to stop before and you couldn't then. you guys what if he hasn't tried. to stop before it wouldn't. lessen the amount he needs. he needs to. stop still i know that but i'm just saying. that's a huge wakeup call. into where you know the cycle has started and you're [ __ ] yeah but yeah it's easier to. nip it in the bud. per se which sounds like it's already. too late for that. but yeah i don't know you haven't. lost your [ __ ] nothing will feel worse. than when you lose money. that you needed you haven't. done that yet save yourself the trouble. um interesting it's it's the worst. feeling is that it. you you like to. gamble or what oh yeah. would you have a gambling. problem no i don't do it. anymore oh you used to. yeah but not not anymore. yeah um no not anymore. no i used to. do it like you should do. it with what like baseball yeah. like baseball betting yeah but they're not. legal right like it's all legal. [ __ ] i would do legal yeah so what would you mean not like that oh yeah that's a lot of money i mean that is like 50 60 grand yeah he lost or was like was betting. at one time no i don't have. a [ __ ] a betting. to me gambling. is just not something that i have any desire. to do i don't know why. it's just i mean it's almost never about. money for people people for women it's about money. usually do pretty well because it's they're colder. about it and they're like well. i'm not gonna do that. that's not gonna make me. money emotional gamblers are the people. who get ruined yeah. because it doesn't matter. yeah it's the what is the biggest. head [ __ ] for gambling addicts is that it's not the high of a win right it's the high of a low that you're right right that's that's the most losing game you can imagine it's the chaos. yeah yeah it's the possibility. of the low you feel more. comfortable in chaos so much. is on the line. and you're just like it's just the most literally stakes are higher. than anything could possibly be uh so people get a high from that. and it's the worst [ __ ] thing to. get a high from um [music]. okay well i hope you get some help. uh happy father's day and uh go to. lifeline luxury patreon dot com. lifelong luxury we get at least. what do we have three. four episodes out now um watch them. we've been having episodes. come out every week. so far we've said at least. two a month uh but we've been doing more. than that we have we have we have no no. this has been three right. yeah but there are more than two episodes. fourth episode he's right. yeah this will be the fourth right. okay so this is the third. all right all right cool. so we're doing more than two. this month so there you go. you're gonna have three if you sign. but there will be four to. patreon dot com yes there will be uh go to. watch lifetime dot com. if you have a thing if you have a video you want. to send to. us and get the lifeline merch. uh lifelinemerch dot com and tickets. dude i'm gonna be in colorado uh coming up. chrisley dot com colorado vegas. and nashville and little rock. mattelier dot com if you want a oneonone private. session don't need to. blow up your face and your problems. on the show you can have a session. with me private don't tell nobody give you good advice. everybody's happy uh if you're making a point. with me i love you. forever if you don't i hate you forever. wow and yeah see you next week. or if you are a patron who are all my best friends. for the rest of eternity. then you we will see you at. lifeline luxury as well wow [music]. 