 [music] runk hello. hello [music] hello hello hello. welcome to lifeline everybody did. you get new things here. too for this no oh. only on other one what up. guys how you doing it's lifeline. welcome back back to all of you. listeners watchers we love you we hope you love. us do you love us. drop a comment if you do did you want new uh wind screens. for the no no okay it's called. a wind screen uh if you like uh li lifeline. go on over to lifeline luxury. and and uh check us out. there patreon dot com lifeline. luxury that's our patreon you. get extra episodes. but it's lifeline luxury uh it's different. it's just my brother and i kind of bs. in a a lot instead of uh taking uh videos. no submissions just us you know. what i mean it's a real family. affair fun it goes off. go off and on and so go do that. and uh private record matt's new podcast. go subscribe to that uh stop what you're doing. and subscribe to that at the private. record on youtube obviously wherever you get your podcast. like comment and share with your friends. if you like it thank you. very much and same with this. podcast so if you know if you have a submission go. to watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline which is. in the description and if you want oneone advice. sessions with matt over here mata. dot com and the merch. is lifeline merch dot com. we appreciate you um so what's up. guys so i um i got to. tell you last time. i went to. get my haircut which was about a month. ago i said you don't have to. do it as short. as you usually do i'll just come back. more you're looking at at least a 9.0 right. now what i'm looking at it. i mean yeah that's where your hair. is right now really when it's too. short it's not good so you made a good decision. and well when it's too that but the whole thing. is what's the balance. the shortness of the hair is when you get it. cut should be a just like a centimeter shorter. than where you want it. yeah because hair always looks better. a little too long. than a little too short. but how do you know you don't that's why. you got to have someone. who you trust to. cut your hair cool because there's no way. to say like i don't know so i'm almost like maybe i need a haircut. soon it's like i always want my hair. to look almost good right. well that's how you have to. think i guess because there's like how many days of it. is of looking good. how many days does. a haircut look good ah that's a good question. and and how many days after the haircut. does it start to. look good i mean needless. to say i don't know i never get my haircut. i'm sure all of you probably. could have guessed that i mean. i guess i do sometimes. but i mean anthony you got a haircut. rec right his hair looks good. i noticed it today uh no okay. in like two months okay. call got called out okay. well yeah i just don't know. because right now i feel like my hair is like kind of like the exact length. i want it to. be but it's it's a little it's like in a month. it won't be well yeah cuz hair grows. yeah so yeah hair grows right. hair grow fast or not. fast i don't know i don't hair. my hair grows really fast. really yeah especially and i think this is true. for everybody after you cut it. mhm like when it's cut. it's like yeah i feel good. i got trimmed i got this. i got that i'm going to. grow if you listen. real close you can hear your hair. saying that oh wow that's you don't. have to listen. you heard that yeah the crack. you don't have to. listen real close cuz your ears. are right there exact well if your hairs long. enough right so you like you like the way. i crack it you heard it. i you like it you. know i love hearing. cra digler you know was it sexy. i love i love hearing. cracks like that people this. is interesting people get grossed out. by cracks like the way i get grossed out. by nails on a chalkboard. or dry thumbs. on newspaper which drives me absol. that i can't do yeah. c uh uh um uh shopping bag. um the construction paper is. the thing oh construction not not. so much newspaper but yes newspaper but construction paper i don't know what the hell i i just can't i can't oh the paper bags. don't like that what's happen. paper bags like doing that on mind. doing that on it uh yeah well i got a present. for you so you don't oh oh i'm not going. to say what the brand. is until they sponsor us. okay so that'll happen. soon okay because we plug them. so hard but look take them. that one this one that's the one. that hasn't been touched both. have it but that's bigger. and okay oh you saying have a big. nose no i i take notice. the big big ones missing. i need the big big one. it's in my pocket right. now okay i'll put it in so i just put it in i'll give you a little tutorial this. way i think i know how to. do it yeah and it's to. breathe and help look how look how they give you tools to. get it in with if you don't want. to touch your nose. oh wow yeah how oh that opened my right. nostril right up right. oh my god i'm going to. sleep like a baby yeah yeah dude. let me see what it looks. like merry christmas but i look of course. you wow i look horrible. yeah you don't wear it. out in public. that sucks i wish it. was discreet let me see how i look wow. that's nice i'm going to. sleep with it in tonight does. it feel does it make your nose. bigger in the long run. though i mean what do you mean. it's that's like a parent. being like don't make that. face it'll stick like that forever. yeah all right i'm going. to keep this yeah keep it amazing. thank you wow i'm going. to do it tonight when i go. to sleep feel so much. better so you don't crack. your neck and you think it's gross. but how about this there i know i don't think i'm saying. people i was surprised. to learn cuz i crack my knuckles my ankles my ankles dude. every step i take if i'm not wearing shoes. what that's crazy it's really. crazy i don't do um i have uh i i don't i crack. my i try to. crack my neck i don't do it. i i can't do it all the time. but i tell you this. there was a a either a doctor somebody in the medical. profession that you know how they said they used. to say like it's bad for arthritis. they would say it gives you arthritis which is not. true so that guy the doctor who basically ded. dedicated his life to. proving that it doesn't cause arthritis. he did it all year. all you know okay. it was like his mission. to yeah and then he and then he kind of proved. in the medical field. that it doesn't cause arthritis. and then they gave him an award. because they give out these awards. in the medical profession community. every year for like it's like kind of like a it's a good thing. that they did but a joke. so like that's the perfect thing. for it they're like oh good. job you figured this. out it's silly but you did it. oh like not not that. important thing but like it. wouldn't be like cure cancer. wouldn't get it interesting okay. and it's interesting and that's all i know. about that honestly i don't know. what the award more i don't know. what the awards called. don't know who the doctor is and um i will say i'm 85%. sure that that's true. i have a theory you. don't usually say stuff like that. i don't no i don't really don't i have. a theory that everyone has at least one of the kind this kind of person. in their friend group where they just say. stuff where they're like like i have a the one. i'm thinking about my own. friend i'm not going to. air him out but i'm going. to say one example of the things. he said he said the new jersey. highway patrol mh uniforms already boring. uniforms were modeled after the german. ss uniforms from from hitler's. germany i mean no they weren't first of all no. [ __ ] but but but all right well and then you would say that to. him and he be like no i swear. dude i swear and then before you don't even. have to do this. part and this is i'm saying. everyone has a friend like this. i i this is my theory. every group has one person like this. you don't even have to. get to the point. of them to this. phase of them googling it. right because you know. it's not true yeah yeah. yeah well here's what's annoying. they google it of course they can't. find oh wait hold on. oh and then they're like oh wait. it's not on here but like they're probably just trying. to cover it up you know. no you're wrong dude yeah. so here's the thing i think that uh that. that is those people people say i've gotten to. the point in my life. where people say stuff. like that and i just say oh yeah. i don't even i don't even. i used to. do no they don't and then they say yes it does. and then give up now i just go. oh i i i just go. oh like i'm talking to. a 5yearold that's probably better. because the truth is those people don't change well. nobody changes well also who cares. you want to. change them why you want. to change our mind. who cares no no. you don't want to. change their mind here's here's the only reason. why you would do it. and you're right though that it's it's pointless. to do this okay but the idea is that. they'll stop saying [ __ ] that they don't know is true. and put it forward. put it forward like right. exactly they won't and also is there. even a tik tok about how the ss was made by the well there's a tik tok for every that's what i'm saying. there is yeah that's right. okay because if there is then maybe then at least. then he heard it. somewhere yeah he heard like he he from. tik tok he heard it. from tik tok great. you got a tik tok. friend got it's also a comment on facebook. post oh a random person. just saying it let's see. look at this here's a fun. fact njsp uniforms were designed by. the same man who designed the german. nazi ss how old is this. guy different colors and. swapped out the the death's head. for a badge otherwise the same. uniform mike vidal let's guess how old that guy. is the guy that commented. on it 70 what. 72 at least 72 can't even click. on it it's weird. oh how zoom in on. the face though oh oh he it's what's it. called that's hilarious dude. it's the pick of archie bunker. 70 so hold on. that's funny so so hold. on and archie bunger was like a racist. seom uh character. so family so hold on. how how is it. is that even possible. the guy who designed the ss. nazi i mean it's anything's. possible well but no but i'm saying it. can't be the same guy. cuz he probably dead well no there. were i mean look i don't unless the n nj stuff. has been around but there were like a lot. of like with the the development. of the bomb like uh we hired. no i know a bunch of german. scientists so it's all. i'm saying is it's possible. sure but it's not like but it's not possible. if the if if the lifespan is too. long you know what i'm saying. like the guy those uniforms. were probably invented the new jersey. ones too yeah okay cool okay cool we figured it out all good. so so he's quite right. so i my friend apology. so any so pretty much a bunch of people in new jersey. are nazis and that's what we learned. yeah the highway patrol men those are all nazis by the way dude you know say what you want about uh uh nazis they were very bad but they were buttoned up that's the thing that's the joke. right like they were terrible. but they had style you can't. can't really deny it. is that something that people say. like asoke oh i never heard of that. uh but yeah they they cared. a lot about aesthetics mh. uh they were the most terrible. people in the 20th. century though so what are you going. to do so that's thatth all right. well let's go to. a submission yeah yeah yeah speaking. yeah speak um still standing chris. i got a question and specifically bringing your phone. out mid conversation um oh stop when when people do it. i think it actually kills more. conversations than it adds you know like they're and it usually results. in something like this. like oh i got to. show you this funny video. and they go uh oh where was instagram. instagram no no mike mike. s it to. me m when did you send that dude. i don't care i'm not. invest you lost me. you know and now you killed. the convo uh you stole 20. seconds of my time this. [ __ ] i'd rather you butcher the video through. some poor description yeah so yeah. um i don't know how do i tell people. to stop doing that know how do i tell people. to you know i could tell my friends. to [ __ ] off but i i'm not you know i don't know how to. tell like a lot of boomers. do it and they're just like i got to. show you this funny video. i'm like i it's it's probably. not that funny one. but two um we we had a conversation. going and now you now it's gone. it's not even the thing. that the thing that good submission. yeah good submission but it. i i don't know how to. stop it but this is the rule. don't the only way to. show somebody video is to. email it or text. it to them. youy i got to. show you this video is so annoying. yes let me just text. you this video watch it. when you want like it's just really. an i know people want that. shared experience you know. i don't but yes i know what you mean. yeah you don't i don't seek shared experiences. like i'll go to. a movie alone i don't i but that's a movie. but like if you want to. if somebody falls down you want to. share with somebody if you yeah. yeah but again i want. i want them to. enjoy it it's not. about me doing it. with them see what i'm saying. but yeah you're right. people do want that because my son. will calvin you know. williams too young. but like calvin will just be like watch this. let's watch this video let's watch this. let's watch this and he wants. me to sit down and if i go like this. he'll go like this and make me watch it. you know it's really cute. and funny but um but a very basic. thing i'm mad that you're doing. that no no it's hilarious. yeah that's funny no i i my calvin. is four now i don't think i've been mad. at him yet wow. yeah good for him maybe frustrated. but not mad yeah not yet. wow that's a long run. for no anger uh but to. answer the question how do you get people. to not do that. you know what i mean. look you just say yo. just text it to. me i'll watch it. later yeah but they won't well a boomer will like yeah is a very thing it's a real tragedy. isn't it that this is a reality for so many. people i hate here i'm of two. minds about this i hate when people are like everybody's. stuck on their phone so much. these days but it just it really there's just no denying. it just true people are so attached. to their phones you'd think at least. during a conversation we can all. agree through some you know social contract. whatever that like we're not. going to be doing phone. stuff right unless you get a call. or a text or an email. you need to. respond to but i'm talking about like just being like oh oh and i'm or even. just looking at your phone. just don't do it they're just so central. to our lives now like they really apple. created a product that now we need which sucks. so automatic people don't even think i want to. look at my phone they just do it. i i do this too not no. i know no no i know you're saying you don't so. but i didn't have my phone. for 30 over 30 days in rehab. and how was that but i'm sure by the second day. it's no no no no no no no no. no no no by the end. of the after the first week you're not not. the first week after the first week. you're saying after the first week. you're okay then you start to. be like okay yeah and then what happens. when you get it. back that must be the weirdest thing. in the world it's actually. i'm going to be honest. with you it's terrifying. yeah it has to. be yeah you don't you don't. want to get it. back kind of right you kind of don't want to. get it back for real. it's so interesting how quickly our minds. change but here's the thing. you know you need it back. so it's like even if i was like oh i don't want it. back i still i need to. see what i missed. and what's going on what emails. i need to catch up. on so then i'm hooked in again. so apple created i mean that's what they say about. making a product you create a product that. people need traa product boku buck. traa product boku buck right. what is that boku bu boku. buck i don't know i just oh you just made it up did i you know what boku is oh mari no like that tr product mar dude. you know what i think that you know. the tr my product thing. that i did or that. we talked about um i think that it's a uh um it's a i think i think it's what would they call. those things where not the mandela. effect where they where where you think it's one. thing but it's not it's another thing. a lot of people think something exists. or exists in a certain way. and i think that it's please. try my product it's not please. try my product but people think he says please. try my product and he just says try. a product yep interesting. unless he did another commercial. like that because i seem to. remember please try my product. and when i watched it. again he said try. my product and then in the infomercial. then i put on the line. people were like i swear to. god i thought he said please. a product so it's either. a mandela effect or conspiracy. or they made a thing they made a commercial. like that and he just they dished. it afterwards tr product the big. famous mandela effect thing is. the sinbad yeah yeah that meam. and shazam well that that's why yeah and i always think of that. one because i had that bit. on incable about uh the the sha movie oh right. yeah but why do so many people think there. was a sinbad movie about a genie. i thought that too what is. going on simbad would make a movie about a genie. what is that wait i'm sorry. real quick before we move on. what why is it called. a mandel effect because people thought he died. in jail is that right. i don't know it's it's about nelson. mandela i don't know yeah i think it's because people like a bunch of people were like i remember the news. article about him dying in jail. wow okay yeah i remember that. too you do yeah oh i don't i never saw that. article but i don't read. articles yeah you don't i remember. i always knew he was alive. our parents getting a newspaper that said nelson. mandela dead in jail that's crazy. but that obviously didn't happen. yeah he died in the 1980s. what the what is that dude. a large mass of people. believes that an event occurred. when it did not the term. was originated in 2009 by funer. broom after she discovered that. she along with a number of others. believe that n nelson mandela. had died in the 1980s. what how does that happen. that's crazy i can't start thinking about this. too much i'll start losing my mind. see that i'm the opposite. i can i'm only i'm only good when i think about stuff. like this if this is possible. then that's so weird. dude you know why. i like i believe then ancient. aliens i believe let me try. to change this what i'm going. to try to. make you like thinking about this. okay i like thinking about stuff. like this because trauma product because it makes the world. my experience of it make more sense. how wrong people are how much people say things. that are not true but adamantly believe. it like that makes it make more sense. to me yeah that is true. cuz i get so perplexed when people are saying things. that are not true and they believe it. so much you're just like but no do you ever. do that try my product. do what when you're like oh yeah. you're telling a story and you're like wait. a minute have i told this. story nine times and i'm changing it. is it true or what. the [ __ ] yeah that [ __ ] me up i don't like thinking of it yes d [ __ ] me up dude i love thinking about it it messes me up dude it gives me life yes i believe nothing you believe nothing such a liist okay let's go all right new one baby. what up guys beach love. you obviously blah blah. blah all right so i am 10 months. over off of well whatever it doesn't matter. what congratulations it was ivy heroin. boom kanye joke anyway uh so i'm mon. sobriety i got a job. as a server at a really. big sports bar in palm. beach i've been in restaurants. my whole life obviously because that's where screwups go. six months in got promoted to. assistant general manager have a salary bought my first car. off a dealership that wasn't some shitty craigslist. car like i've done. my whole life the problem. is my crew is the most lazy. entitled spoiled just crew i have. ever worked with in all my 20. years jesus christ i hate. saying that out loud now i made it a point. to tell them i am not above. you i'm here as your support. like i'm not one of these losers. that gets this much power and things. through the [ __ ] like calm down dude it's a [ __ ] restaurant so uh that's my problem i have anger issues um and to. hear them complain when i've had a life. full of traumas and i'm talking like the real. deal not some [ __ ] like a guy was mean to. me i'm saying like every trauma you could think of i've been through. aside from being murdered oh. except hey guess what i almost was anyway. uh so dealing with that. sober and then these i just thought. it' be really funny to. hear your suggestions on what. to say to. them i promise i will use every single one. of them because i don't care love. you guys thank you i've been murdered um she's. cool yeah she is cool and and let me just say. that the energy i got from her. is she probably runs a great. i get why she was made in a an authority. position yeah given given her she looks like. she really knows how to. get can't think of the stuff. done [ __ ] term when you give some not a raise. but you uh a promotion. promotion jesus yeah that's okay. hey dude hey dude it's all good. mandela effect right try my product so um i think yeah uh so congrats to. her for the seems like she's really ironing. out her life in the last months. also she was hooked on heroin. 10 months ago. she looks great that's crazy. great this is great. uh congratulations there's one thing i would say though. don't do this [ __ ] even before. we get into the you. know what your call was about or your your video. was about dude don't do this. [ __ ] where hey i go to. west palm is that what she said. because that's where fuckups go she said long no she said i work. at a restaurant because that's where fuckups. go okay yeah fuckups go dude cut that [ __ ] out i agree i said it even when she said it at least if you at least if you think at least if you're going to. say it no in your heart. it's a joke okay i i i get selfdeprecating humor. and all that stuff but there's part of you that. does that cuz i do it. that means what you say. don't do that [ __ ] that is one. ticket to relapse station. yeah that's true actually it's true. dude it is so true. because o i want everybody to. like me but it's like that's how it is yeah. you know so you have to. make sure you know deep. in your heart that that's a joke. that's my only thing with that video. besides i thought you had advice no advice well how do you whip. people into shape get don't. yeah i mean fire. them if you can but like i don't know. man i think that uh the thing is every adult. in the world let's just skip. it to america. in america needs a job. and unfortunately they all yeah apply. i mean they no that's what's unfortunately every adult. needs a job and a lot. of adults suck they just suck. well yeah they yeah and they don't want to. work and i get that i don't want. to work either a lot. of on a lot. of things that i have to. work on but like when you're there. you got to do. it and i i think maybe and i don't know because i'm not there. with you when you do this. but like it could be something. about the way you are putting yourself. on their level in an effort. to not talk down. to them and not seem like you're an authority. figure it might actually be doing the opposite. might be having the opposite. effect what do mean because if she's like i get it i'm not above you i'm just like here to. whatever oh i see what. you're saying if that's not especially if that's not working. actually try the opposite. be like look i i don't know why. but they gave me this. position doesn't matter why now. i'm in charge and now i have to. tell you guys what to. do because i tried i tried. being like hey i'm one. of you guys well i tried. you start the day the next. day you go to. work like this yeah yeah well i tried being your friend didn't i 10. hot do that and walk around. like this when you're doing it. scroll yep yep like you're getting. lazy little steps exactly walking. like that guy was the thing. you said the guy playing the fake. mandalin the actor who did the thing. where play walked and play. the dan houston dude you said. that was the worst acting. of all time but i would argue that might be the best. acting of all time it is the best. you know what we're going. to talk about this is a big. deal to me we're going. to talk about this on luy. um uh yeah i think that you need to. probably really uh do that i actually think that's a great. idea sometimes people won't listen. unless they're like really pushed. it sucks dude it really. is unfortunate that pe a lot. of people won't work hard. unless their their boss is a dick. to them i hate that. but that's true i don't like any of the like all the exposes that are coming. out like my boss was an awful. person my boss was a dick. my boss it's like dudee. that's a boss yeah oh you don't. like to work for someone. no [ __ ] oh he yelled at you oh okay did you [ __ ] up i kept looking when the ellen stuff. came out i kep looking. like what i didn't read it. all but i like ellen's a dick. no [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah the most obvious thing. ever no [ __ ] yeah yeah you know yeah oh one of the richest. personalities on a daytime talk. show dude the most you don't say. yeah ever the most duh. there could ever possibly be. yeah yeah yeah i mean that's just crazy. dude when when the stuff. came out about steve. harvey about how he like how he like said don't you. know oh the thing don't look at him. or whatever the hell the thing. was what was it again. i don't even remember but dude. no yeah [ __ ] here's my steve. harvey impression because i know. everybody loves it so much. that's bad no dude. when something wacky happens on family. fe oh that's good. that's good you're right that's good. that's actually good one of the better. impressions i've seen yeah i did. it before and everybody. loved it and i'm just repressing my impression thank you foreing it. thank you foreing it he does. he goes like this yeah dude. like uncle vinnie he said. it yeah he just repeats. it yeah god godfrey. does the funniest uh godfrey. damn yeah god commercial forgot about the commercial. the comedian does the funniest. uh steve harvey anyway. um yeah i got dates i i didn't. do it yet i didn't say. it to wrap that up. you got to play. the authority card unfortunately it sucks. but you got to. do it i'm going to. be in shreport rochester houston texas. corpus christie texas durham north carolina. norfolk virginia grand rapids i just added. i just added uh a bunch of places. fort wayne indiana sagen where st. petersburg florida ch. uh charleston west virginia which i didn't even. know there was one de mo. iowa madison wisconsin. one of my favorite spots. to play and for the first time. ever green bay wisconsin i'm going. to be in there so go. to chris lea dot com. to get tickets never been a green. bay before and i can't. wait to just live it. up in packers nation in cheeseville or whatever. it is cheeseville so dumb. you know they don't they do. the cheese thing yeah they're the cheese. heads they wear the they put the cheese. on their head is resoundingly. sad you know what i mean. and we have the most on the most resoundingly. sad news today we have people in green. bay and wisconsin still put cheese. on their heads it's pretty crazy. and they love it that green. bay wisconsin has its own. football franchise it is crazy. isn't that crazy it's like buffalo. same it's just so crazy. weir is buffalo way bigger. than green buffalo is weird. too no buffalo is. not big bigger than green. bay though green bay is tiny. i think look up. the population baby let's see is green. bay really that tiny. i had no idea i'm pretty sure. it's like this tiniest city. with a major sports. franchise i don't know 107,000. for what is the population of green. bay okay and buffalo. got to be way. more than that oh were you asking about. 107 is yeah let's compare it. yeah not a lot it's not. at all a lot oh wow. so buffalo's almost three times green. bay there's nobody in greay i know. it's crazy and they have like that's why. they have such crazy. fans that's why the fans. are boers wild because they it's like their life and understandably how could it not. be their life a major sports. franchise plays in your tiny. town that's weird that's cool i didn't know so oh i can't wait to. go yeah okay yeah i'm gonna go when it's warm. too dude get all the cheese. heads in your audience dud. i'm eat so much. cheese i'm be so constipated. when i come home i mean oh babe. coming home why is madison so good. what's up it's fura sucer. style kicker uh dude. he he uh uh madison is awesome. because it's such a cool. town dude and it's uh it's it's you wouldn't know you know and it's like i've never been to. wisconsin i don't think yeah um it's just great. it's just cool it's got a cool. like vibe cool vibe you know so. does boyy a lot of cool. a lot of places that have cool. vibes you wouldn't know. liking it liking it. liking it liking it. okay liking it i do. this now i know about so many places. johy to cash but isn't that crazy. though well you're yeah you know what i love what watching. date line i mean changing. no i'm not oh okay. and when they say in a town in omaha. and i go been there. twice yeah i love it. yeah you should just watch the beginnings of every episode. of dayline i should dude. been there love it one's. in green bay goingon to. be i'll be there next saga all right. be there soon not just saga w. my fl okay all. right next one chilling i. mean that's a chill. pose you know hit play. play it messed it. up play it play it. oh dude play it play it. hey anthony play it play it. it's play it yeah no no. no oh stop playing oh no. [ __ ] man this is going to. be good hi to. matt my name is paris. and i'm from the dc. area so my question is about jokes. about birth names paris. is my nickname but my birth. name is actually parasu which is a traditional old school. iranian name and when people ask. me what it means i tell them. well it's a type of bird. specifically a swallow then they'll make dumb sexual. jokes like oh your name. is swallow well at least it's not spits. or oh your first name is swallow so is your middle. name spits you know what i mean. there it's just annoying so basically what i'm asking. is how can i come up. with like a clever or witty. comeback or clapback at these people. that make this annoying joke. about my birth name i. would love to. hear your thoughts on that. uh chris you're hilarious. you have a beautiful family. matt i am single so call. me uh thank you guys so much. bye well you got a great. wardrobe i love your. shirt so that's a good way. to place a yeah it's thank you. it's uh uh i mean i'm so mad. on your like by proxy. right now you don't have to. do don't tell people that's that. i would just not you know. what i was thinking. the when they ask here's what you do. you calmly but in an assured. manner you just look at look. them in the eye and say we're not doing this. when they ask i'm sorry. we're not doing this but when they ask what. when that's what do you mean. what she no because she said my name. is paris yeah but that's not my birth. name my birth name is. peria or whatever the heck. it is right okay it's not peria. is it some arani i would butcher but the point. is nobody's being like i mean. maybe people like paris is. that your real name maybe yeah. so that's something that they're asking yeah. man i mean i don't know the exact thing. so here's my point. though say it's pia i don't know what it. is but i'm butchering it. but like paris that your real name yeah. go ahead say say say hey i'm paris. go ahead hey i'm paris. no no i'll say you say is that your real. name hey i'm paris oh is that your real. name oh no it's actually parisia uh yeah oh what what does. that mean oh it means uh it's from a bird. uh more specifically swallow okay. your middle name spits. yeah it's too many. i sorry i was in the character. it's good it's good you're really. good you me you were locked in. but you thought you were peria. i more so i just didn't know who i was because you were. someone else and not mattalia. but uh the you're getting you're getting too. far into it. but what do you want. her to do okay. the advice she i'm paris. oh is that your birth. name uh no it's like some iranian. it comes from an iranian. thing what iranian thing. it's like perizia it's a bird. anyway uh you going to. finish that taco nice bulldoze. the the advice my brother is giving bul problem. to bulldoze okay don't let them. get their grimy little dumb unfunny. [ __ ] control the narrative control. the conversation try my product. bulldoze bulldoze and bulldo. yeah is the advice that's good. advice it is uh the other the other thing. you could do is just say. yes is that your birthday. name yes yeah right. true and you can say yes. at any moment what's it from pr. oh what's it mean. oh swallow is your middle. name spits yes yeah you could say. yes at any time i suck. so much [ __ ] i can't i can't even believe it. i'm i'm i'm suris i'm not sucking [ __ ] right now just just really quick though let's focus on how uh crazy not funny. every single one of those jokes. ever well just i mean yeah it's just because you got to. understand that you're not the first person. to make that joke. that's well here in most instances. it is that it is that but in this. instance it's something else even more foundational than that. that isn't funny under any circumstance. but you but but then there's the argument of you know. not everyone has a great. sense of humor and everyone. thinks they're funny so they're going say. i understand dude so but what they should do. all those people without a great. sense of humor is. stop attempting humor it's okay. to not be funny what. it's not okay to. be is trying to be funny. but failing well actually let me. rephrase that it's not okay. to consistently continually try to. be funny when you're never being funny. yeah okay but that has to. do with she doesn't know this. person the one is saying that. they don't she doesn't know. if she's they're doing that. i've done probably that oh i said the thing. like oh whoops i i'm sure. everyone says that yeah i've done. that too but that again. that is that is secondary thing. that's going on initially the problem. is that that is not funny. that this thing about swallow. and spit never funny not f. you're talking about the swallow. spit joke got it yeah that's really not funny yeah don't do that anymore. god and you should that so if you do make the mistake. of not bulldozing or not. bulldozing hard enough and you do. let them in that far just calmly and in a chill. way tell them how not funny. that is well that's not funny. you going to finish. that taco yeah exactly make sure. there's tacos around if you do that bring tacos. around with you everywhere. all right next one hey guys marv. here podcast just want to. let that guy looks so much. like al lighter the pitcher. sorry got poked in the butt. dude that guy look. anybody who's a baseball fan. that looks like all lighter. dude okay all right. yankees yankees and mets i know. guys know that up front. look at him but i do have a bona. pig with you oh uh oh uh in regards to. the woman who called and was talking about how she had left. her car warming up in the parking. l hotel good disagreement um and she was feeling. violated that someone had moved the car. yeah while she was uh not there. yeah and matt was like yeah. yeah i think yeah that would kind of bug. me too and chris is like no. no be fine you know. somebody had to move it. so they could jump the car. blah blah hey how about not leaving your car. running yeah in front of a hotel. totally yeah and expecting it. not to get messed with i mean. as far as i'm concerned she's. lucky the car was there. at all oh that's a very good. point actually yeah yeah i don't know that's just me no. you're right and uh also there's not a mint. especially andy that i don't love. and airports are disgusting. so use the wet napi and you this. guy this guy's got a lot. out listener got a lot he's got a whole list yeah i i do like how opinionated he is even though we made everything right. he's right here's let me. make my thing first real quick. i remember that that that specific submission. i was actually confused. the entire time i didn't know what. she was really saying what do. you remember that no i was like wait. how did what was the situation. again like and i didn't know she initially left. her car running oh. you didn't know that did not know. that it was because i i for some reason. i have it in my head. that it was because it's cold. out and she was warming it up. which is the reason to. do that sure but all he's also still right. though yeah i i get it. seen the videos where people. get not there to. that owns it and it needs to. be moved and somebody moves. it i wouldn't get mad. i'd be like well that's what. i get for leaving my car. running he's right yeah okay oh you would yeah i would be like that that's why well he's saying she's lucky it. was even there which is another. thing dep on where you live. like dude i see i saw this. thing about i saw this. video where this guy had his car. running he was keeping it warm to. get it warm in his driveway. and some dude just walked in took the car. and the guy was like no. no no and he jumped in and when he jumped. in he tried to. jump in the passenger seat and the passenger. seat was open and the guy reversed. and he was in between. the door and he reversed into. the wall and so the guy got caught in between. the door and the wall and then the car. zipped out and the guy got up. and it was like oh and i mean. he might have died i don't know. but it was like so messed up. he got up immedi you. know how you get up. immediately sometimes and then die. like a minute later why. did you watch that because i didn't know. what was happening it was one. of those things that like came up. on somewhere youtube something. and i just it it. was a short or a reel. or something and or somebody sent it. to me and i go. oh my don't send me. that kind of stuff dude. people sometimes some of you some of you listeners to. this show send me stuff that's funny. and it is funny but some of you also send me stuff. that i would never laugh at. and i never laugh at people. really getting really really hurt. i don't want to. see that and and it's not funny. i do this thing deserve it. scale uh on congratulations where it it. has to make sense. where you know it's 1. to 10 but it's not. a 10 it has to. be funny enough to. be a 10 but it can't. if the person got really hurt. you're overwhelmed with the oh. no of it and the funniness is then diminished. great right so you have to. find the perfect balance of oh he deserved. this this to happen. yeah if if the person's being a total jackass. [ __ ] asking for it dot com then then okay but nobody deserves to. get their head lopped off you know. what i'm saying deserves to. get their car stolen but people will be like this. is a great deserve. it scale and do a submission we get him. in the congratulations feed and it'll be like guy is chilling. inside his house and a and a crocodile. comes in and eats him. and you're like this is you didn't deserve. this and they're like well don't live in jacksonville. right yeah yeah yeah it's like no just sad. yeah that's not people don't understand. things so um anyway uh yeah uh yeah that more. often than not people send stuff that isn't funny. though because most people have a bad sense. of humor and further than that. most people don't have the same. sense of humor you. do but oh go um what was the guy's question. though oh the car thing. was question uh yeah that's a good point. that i didn't think of i would never leave the keys. in my car oh i can dude. when i used to. live in new york. i'm sure this still happens. new york people like with nice cars. yeah always men i never saw a woman. do this once but i saw dozens of men. do this wow they leave it's like a flex. they they just leave they're like bentley. running in the middle of the street. they all go into. a store yeah nobody's going. to take this from me. wait a second that's what it. was yeah and i and one time. i saw uh that's a deserved scale. god this is [ __ ] up i don't remember i can't i don't remember the difference but it was either big pond or fat joe do it oh for real yeah i can't believe like sounds like a fat joe somebody somebody steal that you deserve it. yeah but he he in his head. you know and it's because of the you he's like yo. this is my city. people oh dude i would love to. think that some thinks that and they take it. and then they and then and then they're like well that. guy better watch out cuz this is my city. and he's going to. get dealt with and then nothing ever happens. nothing yeah and he just has to. buy another bentley no. imagine trying to tell your insurance. company what happened i'm f. jo so you just so you don't run. the city sir so you just left. your car running on broadway. you said you were doing what. you were doing the rockway. you're were busy doing the rockway. you don't dance and you just you. pulled up your pants and then you did. the what the h. the rockaway okay well let's uh well it's good. as gone it's as good. as gone yeah uh yeah it's uh that's pretty. crazy dude yeah the uh i don't know. if i've ever done. that maybe if you live in a suburban town yeah. if there's if you're in a safe neighborhood and you know that's where the crooks. go dude if i was a crook. crook you know i would go if i was a crook. and the coppers were after me i would go. to nice neighborhoods and just ste stuff. there i think about it. all the time you do i think about it. all the time cuz nice neighborhoods. bro let me just tell you something. dude now here's the other thing. nice neighborhoods have nice stuff. they have nice stuff but if you are a really. rich person okay or even kind of rich. if you got like you know if you got millions okay. if you're that kind of rich. or even if you don't have millions if you have you got a lot. of stuff okay you got necklaces. you got jewelry you're stuff. rich you're not liquid but you got stuff. rich right you got stuff. stuff rich dude it. you got workers that come over. your house how you going to. know know what you're not looking at. everything every day how you going to. know what if they take something sure they do it. all the time [ __ ] definitely they do it. all the time [ __ ] what do you mean. like you you want to. be the first one to. think of it no i don't. want to do it. i don't want it to. happen it happened to. dad with his wiie. ma thing in the movers. remember the willy card that. sucks yeah yeah that's right. yeah it was probably but you know. what it was probably the movers. we don't know don't know. [ __ ] that's the worst part. it was me i have it. that's the worst part about. this whole thing mhm and then you can't. accuse somebody cuz then they're like how dare you and it's like i don't like the how dare you. thing oh you were around. so ask me if i took it just that's fine. i fair enough i was around. did i take it no. well you know what i and i think we should all. come to some kind of agreement. here how dare you is. another way of saying i did it. let's just let's just face facts. dude that's funny how dare like when someone says how dare you. that's just that's just buying. time what do you mean. how dare you i don't. know if ie you did something think about how many times like john. lithgow has said it though. you know what i mean. john litho dude like to. to really mean it. how dare you i had. that knights used to. do that all the time. i had an epiphany recently. involving john lithco all right. but i'll save it for a lot. saveing for life danny houston life uh john big deal. anyway let's another one. let's do another one. hi matt and chris um this question. is pretty much for chris. um i have some body image issues. you know i don't have a lot. of confidence and stuff. and i've noticed that you are super. confident and you talk a lot. about how you're like the buffest man. that's ever lived um but you're actually pretty. skinny and so i'm just wondering where you were. able to get that confidence from and how you seem to. have developed a you're nothing. a backwards body dysmorphia that actually works. in your favor um and makes you feel good. about yourself um i would love to. have that so i'm hoping you guys. can give me some advice. with that uh thanks dude. conf confidence hey dude hey guess what gna blow your mind. confidence is the same thing. as insecurity all good confidence is the same thing. as insecurity you're saying it too fast. so slow down and say it again. conf is the same thing. as as incity and remember if it doesn't say m mach is not the real thing. wow um yeah no uh i'm doing that. because i'm joking first. of all and then also i am probably insecure. about certain body parts you know. what i mean not my shoulders. though they go on for days. put a week on it. what you're insecure i'm not insec about my face. no well okay maybe parts of my face. but uh but yeah i would not be insecure. about my shoulders because my shoulders. go ridiculous okay so that that's let's get that one. thing out of put a week. on it to. be clear you're saying you you're joking. about when you say you're the bu i'm not the buffest guy. ever i dude that that should be clear. that you're joking about that. cuz you can tell with your eyes. that you're not you can convince yourself. of things it's like when they say walk. around with a smile you'll smile more you know it's like it's like it. makes putting a smile on your face. makes you happier eventually. because you're just doing it. you know that's start. with the affirmation of it. right i am the buffest man. this century say it in the mirror. when you wake up and you look. i mean you wouldn't say that. right but like you say i the most gorgeous. person alive in in this. century i mean don't be crazy. i know i know i know but you know. what i'm saying but i'm going. i'm going overboard but you. know what i'm saying affirmations. kind of work sometimes. i mean sometimes they're [ __ ] but i do do i i you know i've done affirmations. before sometimes you feel silly. saying it but that's okay. because those are the most important. ones yeah people do say that. affirmation stuff i've never tried. it but here's something that i even though. the question wasn't for me. which was hella rude. but uh which is also hella rude. to me she said i was skinny. yeah yeah it was rude. all around you're just a rude. person it's okay though. no you're not a rude. person i don't want her to. get insecure she not a rude. person you're just uh uh i just i would i would implore you to. keep in mind that you look. in the is true. of everybody because it's just a fact. of life the you only have one. face one body one kind of hair. one whatever everything one kind of and it's yours. and no matter what that. is no matter what your face. is what your body is. what your what your hair is. what your anything is so far. it's only that way for your whole. life so by the time. you're in your 30s. at the latest probably before that. you're gonna be you're going to. be you're gna have seen. it so much and the chances. of you liking the thing. you're looking at that you've seen so. much are so low wow that's funny. so keep that in mind. everybody what why on earth. would we expect to. like what we look at in the mirror. when we see it every day. all day all the time. it's funny the baseline is should be we expect to. [ __ ] hate looking at when you look at when you're about to. look mirror this is what you think oh here. we go again exactly. why wouldn't you think that. i'm so [ __ ] sick of my dog. [ __ ] face so the truth. comes out my dog [ __ ] body the truth. comes out my dog [ __ ] [ __ ] hair a mo a monologue in a movie that was in the 80s. that was so so good and so and everyone really regards us. so high and i don't want any of those. things that i have but they're mine. and they're the only ones i'm ever going. to have a monologue in a movie. richard gear says it oh. dude i love richard. gear hell yeah thank you. no but really though like you have to. keep in mind the the the the expectation. of liking what you see. it needs to be nil there's no. chance anybody should like that that's true. but so the reason why that can help. you is because the of course aspect of it. of course you hate the way. you look of course you do because you see it. all the time you're sick. of it everybody's sick. of seeing themselves yep. so take it with a grain of salt. is all i'm really saying take it. with a grain of salt. that you don't like the way. you look because of course you don't because you're you that's for other. people to like other people get to. like looking at you because you're new. to them yeah damn that's that's crazy. never thought of it that. way and after i make points. from now on i'm going. to start saying rest in peace. about to who about what. rest in peace to. that woman to. that woman why i don't know. it sounds she's not dead. no i know but i'm changing. the meaning of it so it's not a dead. thing it's just be resting. in peace rest in peace. like chill peacefully so say. rest in peace not the dead. way yeah rest in peace. but not the dead way how has arnold shener never been in a movie where he blows. somebody up and then says rust. in pie well maybe he has i wouldn't be surprised. i would know that look up. rest in pieces. i bet somebody has somebody has but arnold schwarzenegger. has not said it in the movie. rest in pieces. yeah he should do that. for sure or you know. rest in pieces. movie wow oh oh oh is it. arnold no way it can't be come. on oh one more oh my god so bad. it's slide hold on rest. in [applause] pieces it's as close. to arnold as you can. [ __ ] get that's unreal. dude wow oh bro. wow all those things that came up. suggestions to watch are so. badl looking except the jir thing. wow images suck now you know look at everything. on that screen whoa. dude it's real i i i i is that has 16 views. you know look at the perfection thing. what the [ __ ] that's for what's it called um and the thing on the top left. yeah i don't i would click on that. for sure click on that. for sure anthony would love that movie whatever. it is a promo for dude. i i i i rest in pieces. to say that dude. imagine if you're with the homies. you shoot someone you kill them. yeah and then say that. everyone like that's supposed. to be badass. and funny if that happened in real life. everyone would go like oh what a [ __ ] dork. yeah or like no you guys. remember when i said that. that you guys like how i said the rest. in pieces thing that that that that would be dope. if you were that kind of guy. at the end what if afterwards. you're like d you remember. i killed that guy i said rest. in pieces dude what if that happened. 20 minutes into. the expendables too and then throughout the whole movie sly kept like nudging dolph lungren being like remember when i said that. oh it was almost as good as the time. i said rest in pieces. like if that happened five or six. times after that i would have already. seen oh dude why don't movies. do that cuz well in that instance. cuz sly doesn't want to. be willing to. even look like a person. i know if a movie does that. it's gonna be like jack black doing. it in a silly. silly movie i want a serious. movie to do that but dude. it's like the thing you know. that movie i don't know. why i always think about this. that movie misery the stephen. king book kathy bates and james khan they went out. to like eight other actors to. before james khan okay and the famous. one warren batty okay. they wanted him to. do it and he wanted. to do it too right. but he ultimately turned it. down because he said it. i don't i didn't want i don't want to. look weak oh my god and it's like but then he wanted. to change the movie. around so that he was and it's like but the whole movie's. at your bedridden wow and your legs. are broken like what do you want. to do in the movie that. wouldn't be misery you know yeah. but a lot i feel like a lot. of stars the reason why they don't do. that is because speaking they're insecure. they want to. see macho not insecure that's true. which sucks dude you remember how i said rest. in pieces when i killed. that one guy going to. sleep at night chopper like holding on you. know thing he's yelling it dude. you remember how i said rest in p. to that guy all right. we're going to touch down. here jet lee is just like. yes all right one more su matt. and chris watching your episode right. now which so dick riding but anyways. look i had to. pause it because i got an idea recently. i've had this friend who who when it's just the guys. when it's just us you know. just chilling doing whatever. he's cool you know. he's himself and he can even. occasionally be funny but when there's girls around oh no his only sense of personality is insulting the other guys in the room was coming we know so annoying. so how do i address. him about it in front of the girls. too cuz i got to. you know embarrass him. to inspire him. to quit doing this i love without coming. off as defensive or you know. you know what you know. what i mean i feel you guys. have had a friend like this. so [ __ ] love both you guys you have the exact same sense of humor as me. and my brother which is why. i love you my brother's name. is also matt which again. so dick riding but uh yeah. let me know what you guys. think i mean a cool. kid i yeah oh you bad. with chicks huh that's what i would do you change your personality. you're bad with chicks right. i mean you would not do that. oh bro you wait. what do a version of that. but you what the joke. you would make would it would have to. be clearer so everyone in the room. understood it you wouldn't make that joke. i might why would i care. because i want it. to be weird would make that. much sense though you want him. to feel clowned i want him. to feel weirdness i don't. care how it comes. in what shape or form. i mean puts on sunglasses. turns into a different. person you know that's not [laughter]. true but uh yeah i that's so stupid. that joke um yeah no i i mean. well okay what what what do. you think i'd do a version. of that mr [ __ ] ps you would do a version of that. but you would make sure it was or at. least i would rest in p. dude he was in still in one. piece you know that's hilarious. yeah he should have been killed. in a different way slice. him up you know. yeah slice him up he just wanted. to use the line. so badly and he know he going. to you know die. soon you need to. fit it in go ahead uh oh i'm going. to die soon you should probably do rest in peace. go ahead uh totally forgot what. i was saying i know i just shoot. him up but you know um oh yeah just you want. to call out in front of everybody. but it doesn't do it. in the same tone as he is. making fun of everybody use his own. weaponry against him is what. i would say wow you know. is that's from the art. of war is it no. well i know well obviously no sunu. yeah sunzo said when you're around. a bunch of girls. and you and your homies. are are usually getting along fine. but there's one of your homies. that is mean to. you guys only one are girls. around here's what you do. yeah when you're around. a bunch of chicks and your homie. says his personality changes and he does. some [ __ ] um use same tone. uh yeah use his weaponry. against him use his weaponry. against him use same tone. uh yeah i just think you you do. that he he seems like he's probably. got a good sense of humor. so he could just be like oh you chang. your personality do it exactly. yeah you you clearly have like a quick. wit and can think on your feet. next time he does. it don't force it though. dude it'll look bad. it has to. come to you let it. come to you we gave. bulldo advice to the woman. earlier this is the inverse of bulldo. let it come to. you open your legs receive the rolling ball. and stop it just before. it hits you in the nuts. okay is that for magnolia no. no but it can be no. you open imagine imagine this you. open your legs and there's a big bowling. ball coming right your crotch. it's going to. hurt yeah as it all right. what you do is you meet it. a little further out. with your hands you let it come. you let it come you slowly. slow it down and then right. before it hits you in the nuts. you stop it okay first job. as a life as a life. coach say yeah okay i think i think i understand. so okay bowling ball okay yeah it's like a ben stiller. movie and then you have now you possess the bowling ball is my point and now mag use it tom mag smash. his skull in okay. you know okay uh that's also suns who said that. yeah uh yeah i feel like um that's the way. to do it you know. it's not your you know. it guys don't know how to. do [ __ ] you know people are not around they're not good with with women. or whatever it is and then like then they they go. to that because they think that this. is the thing that is going. to make them look cool. and yeah i don't even know. if it's that thought out a lot. of especially young guys probably do it. without even examining it at. all they're probably just like feeling. insecure feeling competitive and whatever is driving those things forces. them to oops forces them. to be a dict to. the guy who spoke last just because they're like. you know insecure and feeling all those things. and it's like it just comes. out mh it doesn't matter why. though the result sucks. so you got to. make him stop right so you're right. to do that i would i would also if this. guy's really your friend i would consider not the very first time. you bring it up. doing it in front of a group. of women i got a suggestion. because i think if he's really your friend he deserves the chance. to have this brought to. his attention good point. i have a good i have a good. and and then if he doesn't stop then do that but but give him the chance to. be like oh god i do that. that sucks i don't i i don't mean. to do that like if somebody told that to. me i'd be like holy sh i [ __ ] seriously you know what i mean. like it's possible especially as a young. guy it's definitely possible. he has no idea he's doing that. here's the other thing. uh here's a good suggestion. and i don't think we've ever given. this suggestion before watch you. you show him this no i'm saying. show him the video this. video he'll understand it's him. and it's all good we know. he knows you love him. and you guys are friends. and you know he'll get the idea. and and and and you know. you can have an open. convers you can have an open conversation. about it you know. maybe maybe some of it is in your head. maybe some of it maybe he knows he does. it maybe he doesn't know he does. it you know you'll get to. the bottom of it show him. this video yeah and you guys you know even though. we say don't text. it to him. because we said don't show. videos with each other but no but this. is one of those instances. where you can hey i'd like you to. watch something fast forward. to 53 53 minutes i mean. so shitty putting him on the spot. like that and then and then and then when you turn on you. go you go like this yeah. you just stare at him. yeah even while he's watching. right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah while he's watching the whole. time yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and then and then when he looks at you after. the video you say do we both. know somebody like that so stupid. how about the way. the guy in the video took the video he was flirting. you want to. talk about that that was a flirting. pose he was in his bed. yep leaning on his elbows flirty. pose he had his fe. light the only lights that were on were like pink purpley like on the tv. like uh red light district lights. and he was flirting. yeah i understand that's why. i said that yeah so flirt. more flirt send us another. video on flirt more hey so talk to. my friend yeah all right. uh well thank you for listening. go to join us on. the patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury uh we're about to. record one right now so go get it and we're it's going. to have a lot offf hou stuff. i don't know if that's a selling. point but it is very good no. it's going to. be a big big deal. and i just put out some new dates. so go to chia dot com. and check them out uh obviously please. subscribe to the private. record it got a banger. coming out this week a dude. grew up raised in a cult. and he recently escaped and he spilling. the goods it is wild. subscribe to the private. record on youtube uh like comment and please do share with your friends. it means a lot. to me and if you do it. i love you i will. kiss you i will hug. you and we can live happily. ever after together uh what else i don't even know like and subscribe. see like and subscribe love you bye. hello hello hello will please hello. hello hello hello 