 [music] runk hey we'll be in birmingham. alabama montgomery alabama mobel alabama. and torrance california i got dates. coming up torrance california. toronto ontario bismar north dakota sou. falls uh and then brea and then i'm actually doing. um what is that cina in january. california a lot of california. dates and then more california. dates coming up i think i got a bunch of california. dates in january i'm going. to i'm going to. um those aren't up yet but i'll i'll announce them soon. it's uh january technically technically next. year but right now we got to. get into the newest. episode of [music] congratulations. dude my haire ghost always does the thing. where he goes three. and three to. like he's showing it to. me from the news dude. this is the news honestly. this is what it is and and and you know. what i did uh i ate beforehand. and you know what you know. what the problem is when i eat beforehand. here the congratulations or really. when i do any podcast. i get this uh need to. clear my throat to do. like that now i heard i don't look. at the comments most of the time. sometimes i do but very rarely. i heard that people are saying i'm clearing. my throat too much whoops. now what is it i don't know. it's a new thing it happens. maybe it happens like every year. when it's starts to. get a little bit when the fall hits. i don't know i'll have to. find out because it's super annoying. but guess what i did. got prisc cuz somebody said in the comments. get prisc is that what it's called. pryc pryc is it yeah pryc. i thought it was pr. sec got py sec. and the only reason why i got it. so i went to. the laugh factory last night dude. i do you ever like it's so hard. sometimes to just actually. have your brain on right. like to actually think of the things. that you need to. think of and then make your body do those things. right and sometimes it's not a big. thing it's like oh i didn't look while reversing out of the the the driveway. and i should have because there could have been a bike. helmet there that my son left and i just went for it. and and i know that that's an issue. so why didn't i look oh and i thought about looking before. i got in my car. and i just got in my car. and just just didn't look and just reversed right. um and and and it's like why does that. happen because i thought about it. and and i get in my car. and then my brain. goes man chocolate's good or something. or isn't it weird. that we all have cars. you know and then i just maybe i'll scrape the bottom of the of the car. because of it just because of thoughts and not having the right. ones so i'm i'm at the laugh. factory crushed it not a big. deal right went on late. still needed to. just show them the business. right but it was fine. put up two ticktockers before me. special guests and went on last still at the show. them the business and it's all good. right way late went after guys who kill still. had to show different. when i do my show on. the road people are ready for it. and then different that is different. than going on stage in hollywood. in the heartbeat of hollywood just going. on too late when the crowd's tired. and still having a sh. home the business and i did. all right but that's not what this. story is about and i don't brag. right and showed him. the bed so i did. that and then i i i i i left. now i left now i have as i as i'm now. it's too late right. now here's here's a new thing. that's going on in my life. hey hey now i'm a comedian. i am a um uh night owl. by trade dude hey new hey new new thing. 10:15 lights out. 10:15 whoops can't get the cannot. whoops can't keep my eyes. open 10:15 rolls around. my eyes like a garage door. opener i can't i i don't care. we i it doesn't matter it. it i could i could be watching the most gripping. i could be watching good. fellas i could be watching good. fellas in my house. you know what i mean. like good actual fellas doing the play. good fellas in my house. garage door in just h. half mass my eyes. like i been like i'm a space. cowboy okay and i'm so i go like this. i got the late spot. at laugh factory i'm gonna go on they text. me hey spots at 11:10 i know the spot's going. to be at 12:00. right and he was right. i go i got to. get coffee i get coffee. i go and now i'm up. i get off stage you know. it's like 12 something i'm like oh man. i got to drive all the way. back 40 minutes to. to home right cuz i don't live. in hollywood anymore so. i'm like that's fine check my phone. hey babe will you get me. priol what is it pryc. will you get me. pryc i have heartburn i just took a pill. it won't go down. and it hurts so bad. and i go hm yeah. i will and here's what where my brain. ruins everything okay the absolute easiest. thing to do is. go to the cvs or the right. aid right across the street. and get the prisc is prisc. or pryc pryc there's no oh so okay. so um they just want there. to be an o in it. for some reason so py. so i say so i go like this. yeah but you know. what i'll get it. on the way home i don't want to. do anything extra i'll just get it. when i'm on my way. home and i'll stop it at drugstore or something. get in my car go. over the hill laurel canyon. get on the 101 and i go awesome. i'll stop and then i just don't stop the whole time. okay now why i now this. is like they could do a whole eight. year series like ancient aliens. where it's like there's really no. answer we know well. there is an answer. in aliens we know. that they w they were not aliens. right they made a whole show. about ancient aliens hey. did aliens come down. here and make the pyramids or whatever. right and it's just like no you know. it's just like instant no right. like the credits should happen and as the credits. happen they go ancient. aliens we're aliens here at. the and it goes no. psych not a show you're a dumbo. but instead they made 200 seasons being like well. the aliens could have put sand. here there's really nothing. else that explains when there's plenty. of [ __ ] that explains we just don't know what it is but it's not aliens. right okay so we don't know how they made the pyramid we don't. know how they did all that. stuff you know stonehenge or whatever the hell where the rocks. are too big but it's like they didn't develop. police systems yet or some [ __ ] i don't know but it's it's like we don't know how so i don't know how i got all the way to. westlake village without getting the pyus. sec i don't know how i i got it. how i got there but i did. dude but but you know what never you. mind never you mind because now here's the thing. never you mind because there's there's drugstores everywhere. right they're everywhere including all this. cities that i'm going to. be in and this is one. of them westlake so i'm like hey porsche. yeah i know it's a flex. but that's what i did. how may i help. you it's a woman in my porsche. you know on the she says hey uh i say cvs close. by nine options all of them are 25. miles away yes dude so i go hey wait a second that's not okay and it's also not true. so now i'm pissed and i go there's got to. be one in town so i look. it up on my phone. now and i look up. and cvs there is one. right down the street so now. i'm pissed to. porsche okay and i look it. up on yelp and it says closed. so now i'm pissed at cvs. so i'm like all right. i look the next closest one. says it's says it's 15. minutes away but also says it's 10 thousand. oaks now if you don't know. anything about southern california. thousand oaks is basically inside. of west lake village so i go now. i'm pissed to. geography just say some w but it says 50. minutes but i but do it. is p so now i'm just pissed. off at maps so then i'm like hm. okay well you know what i'm going. to just drive where it says. because hey dude why would it be wrong. because because the cvs will be where it says. and if it's 10 minutes. away who cares got my new car. gonna have fun gonna listen. to duran duran all the way. there so i get in i go. and here's the real kicker. here is the real kicker as. i get on the exit. the entrance of the freeway. and this is the real real. kicker and this is the. the most husband [ __ ] you can possibly. do i i in my head. i go she better be. [ __ ] awake when i get back to. take this goddamn pill. and i better still be hurting. that pill better be. like the sword in the stone in her. chest cavity it better if it has moved the down. one iota then i'm pissed at anatomy right. so i'm like this is going. to take me 30. minutes she'll be awake. well she's in excruciating pain she says right. you know so i i'll i'll come i'll back. take p she's asleep. dude i'm gonna wake her. up i'm gonna make her take the [ __ ] p prc why i be o it. so bad so um so i drive and as soon as i get on the freeway. it goes oh psych it's in camaro. i don't know if you know. much about southern california. but mario is 15. minutes away and it's not thousand. oaks so i go h. hey guys whoever is in hey map. gods what's going on map. gods so now um i go to. the i i i take the directions. that it says to. take i took them i took those directions. because they they told me. to took them i exit. the 101 freeway and i keep going. because it says keep going and dude. it makes me take a right. and i take a right. and then i go two miles straight into. a neighborhood and it says you've arrived. at your destination and i'm just at someone's house. so now i'm like well well well [ __ ] man this sucks now i'm in the middle of nowhere it took 20 minutes my wife's going. to think i'm getting sucked. cuz i'm just at a random house. and i'm like man i got a [ __ ] i'm like where the [ __ ] is this cvs i got to. get the pr and here's the other thing. the prac i want to. get it because i've been wanting to. get it for the podcast. to take it before. because you take it before. you eat and then you do it. and you won't have the heartburn. so i'm like i'm going to. be give it's for you. guys too it's for the babies. so now i'm like well [ __ ] this dude i'm so i'm so pissed dude and it's 1:30 a.m. and i go to. bed at 1030 and i'm just like and i'm like i'm gonna i'm gonna die. tonight just like going to. the most dr oh dude. i hope did i do my will like that's what. i'm thinking i think i i i don't want it. to get [ __ ] up like uh uh who's that guy that's on phil. i don't want it to. be like philip seamour hoffman's will it. just became a mess because he didn't do. it and all his money. gunner got dispersed everywhere. and nobody really that truly should have got it. got like this is the [ __ ] i'm thinking of you know and then i go i i get back on the free like and i go like i'm just in my head i'm like nobody's getting pr sec. podcast's going to suffer. wife's going to be mad. and she bet still not beep. maybe she's sleeping maybe she's actually sleeping. i'll get away with it right. that's what i'm thinking i. get i'm about to. get on the 101 i look. to my right and you know what's there. a [ __ ] [ __ ] [music] cvs and it's open i don't know what that was why it was so weird but and it's open and it's open and it's open and i'm in camaro and i go you know what i did i did this i go like this uh where is it where is it where is it where is it where is it where is it where is it where is it where is it where is it where is it i don't have it anymore. do i okay all right. where's the [ __ ] hell yeah i guess i don't have it anymore. but it should be on here. everything's gone to [ __ ] but um so i go to. the camaro and there and i and i'm like i don't even know what kind of. neighborhood camaro is really it's got a big. lots so definitely people. get shot right maybe not like all. the time but maybe like twice. a year if you have a big. lots you're getting shanked. right some of the people where you are are. getting shanked okay um so i go into. the what was it cvs. look for pyac still can't [ __ ] understand what it's pac okay. yes is't that amazing and i go. get it and i takes me. too long cuz i can't. cuz i don't know what it. looks i never got it. before i got it okay. go to pay for it. guy goes crystalia and i'm like yeah i got prisc and [ __ ] uh chocolate covered pretzels this is my what i'm getting. at 1:30 1:45 a.m. i there's there's you know. there there's nothing more like guy. who just nutted gets yeah. like just [ __ ] i bet if you if you if you if you so i'm like now my wife's definitely going to. think i'm cheating here if you if you uh boil if you percent. percent it out okay uh what what what's the highest percentage. of something that a guy. gets after just after post. spillage it's 100% chocolate covered. pretzels and prosac okay so i'm like and it might only be 0.005% but there's nothing that's over. 0.06% right oh this what they do. cs oh he's getting uh chocolate. cover pretzels and and uh pr. sec ah we just had some spillage. so i'm like all right. i i'm getting it chris. leas and i'm like this. guy's gonna think i just nutted. too right this. is all the so and i'm and i'm like i should have just stopped on the [ __ ] way dude i'm so tired. dude so then i go to. pay for the the thing i get they open. it up like they open. up the pro pc is in like a [ __ ] glass box like it's kryptonite or some [ __ ] like dude just it's it who's what do you making meth. out of this it's you know who who wants to. [ __ ] down a bunch of prisc pills i don't know maybe they can do it to. make some other kind of that. probably whatever but anyway so i get it. and then i walk out all right. and i see a cop. with a [ __ ] machine gun. done so then i'm like well people are getting shanked. here for sure camaro. is a bad town. even though it's not and then i'm like good thing. he's here i'm going to. leave i go to. walk to my car. the guy who was in the place. that was like hey are you chris. hey chris leia he walks. up to me but like okay. so here's the deal when you have a following and when people know who you are. and when they come approach you about 90% of the time. well yeah you know it's coming. right like it just happened. today at a deli i was at a deli. and i s i walked by. this woman and this woman. just was and i go oh she just stared. at me what am i supposed. to do to i look back. and go whatever but i don't i walked in. i walked out and then she goes are you. a comedian and i said yeah and she says oh man. we love you so i'm like okay. cool thank you very much. right but you could clock. it you know if you walk by them. it's one thing if they walk. walk over to. you it's like a scene from the walking. dead you're just like oh [ __ ] here it comes oh no. and you're like i could run but i don't want. to make any sudden. moves because sometimes you wish you just had a [ __ ] guy with the c crossbow this are you crystal and and um norman reus right. that's a name that's him. and um so so the guy comes up. to me and i'm like i guess. i got to let him. right and i what bro. i i'm acting like i'm not grateful. for this is jokes i'm it's nice. comes up to me and he says hey chris. deia and i said yeah and he says hey dude i don't want to. like bother you and to. me that's where that should end how do you have a rewind. button hey chris le hey i don't want. to bother you just walks away. but it doesn't end. there he says but um do you live out. here and i said yeah. well no not here i said. yeah he said really in camario and i was like no. little further south i this was the only cvs that was open. and he looked at me. like no it's [ __ ] not and then i realized my brain. did the [ __ ] thing again. dude yes there's a r a there's ralphs there's vanes there's all sorts. of things i could have looked up. but only looked up cbs. yeah so now i got to. drive 15 minutes back home. and i'm like the whole time. yeah she better be [ __ ] awake. dude she better be awake. dude i got the pool i'm eating the chocolate. covered pretzels it's so foggy. for some reason it's just so foggy. and i and i can't keep my eyes. open anyway so it's just like the lord's. trying to take me. satan and so i'm just like i get home. and i'm tired bro i get the prisc. i walk up i walk up. to the to the bedroom. here hey here's kristen and i i go. with my chocol hold my chocolate. cover pretzels in a pac so i say this. loud i say hey i got your pr. i said pr i thought. it was prosac back. then but i'll i'll change it to. prac i say hey i got the prac. for you this is her babe. i got the p and then in my head. i'm like why did she make me. get it when i she knew. i was 30 minutes away. at least it was going. to take the f. add 10 minutes to. get the p she knows. that i'm going to. be coming here and she going. be asleep by 40 minutes. how bad could [ __ ] that pill. possibly hurt that she knews and by. the way then the pe sex. is going to take how long to. work it's not going to. [ __ ] even matter but in back. of my head i'm like i'm going. to get it and i'm going. to use it for my podcast. anyway so it's like i i'll get it. and then also the show will be better. so it's all good right. nip to kill two. birds so i get i say babe you want a pr. i go nah you know. what hey dude i'm not letting this. go so i bend down i wake her. hey you on your pr. sec and now chenzo is going. and i got the [ __ ] i'm like dude. babe you want your prc she's like huh. and i'm like did you is your chest. better did you want pyc dude. and she says no it's [laughter]. okay and i go i go. like this and i i mean. i'm i'm so mad at this. [music] time and dude she's and i say uh well okay i drove i drove out. of the way because i i looked up. cvs i should have looked up. r or vons or ralphs but i only. looked up cvs i reed. with cel even though going. to be thousand oaks. so i got it for you and she's like all right. all right all right okay i'll take it. so she ends up. taking it and i go. back downstairs cuz now i'm wide. [music] awake hey yo let's take a break. listen i want to. talk to you about ship. station the world keeps getting. smarter right now that's great but it's also stressful because maybe you have an ecommerce business and you're like well that. should get smarter too. well ship station has got you covered. ship station helps you. achieve exceptional shipping efficiency with a robust. allinone order fulfillment system that integrates with over. 180 of the most popular. ecommerce platforms marketplaces and carriers uh you can lead your business. into the future. with technology built to. save you from extra. costs and headaches take it. from me it's the fastest. most affordable way to. ship products to. your customers with discount discounts up to. 89% off ups dhl express and usps rates. um it's seeming it's uh it's seamless. and you can integrate it with services. and selling channels that you already have and manage. orders on uh a very easy. dashboard it's effortless almost uh deliver. a better customer experience with industryleading features that help. you find the best carrier. rates over 130,000 companies have grown their ecommerce business with ship station and 98% of companies that stick with ship station for a year become customers for life lead your ecommerce business into. a smarter future with the shipping. software that delivers switch to. shipstation today go to. shipstation dot com and use code. congrats to sign up for your free. 60day trial that's free that's shipstation. dot com code [music]. congrats i go i we were on the couch. the other day and calvin sometimes. man i swear four years. old is the hil is the most hilarious. it's like the things that they say. he just says he says to. me no he says to. me and kristen he says what would you guys. ever call me stupid and we were like oh my god i mean. i i went immediately into. calvin hey i mean so did you know. my wife but i'm like never ever. we would never i would never call. you stupid and and my wife. said uh you don't have to. worry we will never ever. call you any names like. that any bad names. because you're not and we don't think you are. and we won't say that. and then my son says even [ __ ] deah. and i'm like oh that's where this. was going from the jump. and also what do you mean. even that's that's worse like. what did were you sitting down. with the mafia today like how the [ __ ] how did you even [ __ ] deah. oh i me chris was crying. you know what i'm i'm good. at stopping that [ __ ] when i need to. with my kid i didn't laugh. at all i'm like buddy. no we wouldn't call you. [ __ ] the leah you know you're not supposed. to really say that word. so funny i was really thinking about it. on the way here i was like driving. and like i was thinking about you know. uh having kids and about how like like i have so here's what having kids. is like if you don't have kids. you think you're worried about it. or you're scared of it. or you're like am i going. to be a good dad or mom. or what's it like you. know the unknown right. but one thing is for sure. you're going to have more. responsibility and then a guy like me. says yeah but like i like getting sucked. off yeah but like i wouldn't like go. to a [ __ ] matina at 3:30. for no reason even though. i don't i just want to. have the option to. do that you know and i go. well i'm gonna have a kid. though because i think it'll be good i think people say. it's good but then every time you talk to. somebody who has a kid. they're complaining they're probably wrong right. i'm going to do. it so i do it. and it's always beautifully surprising okay. always like i i'm i'm i'm surprised. every few days or even more often sometimes. like on oh wow what how how fulfilling and pleasant. and great this is and that's coming from a selfish. dude i mean i was still am in a lot. of respects but i was very selfish. my whole life more so than i am. now and like even even even still i check myself. like my wife is like hey you know. that um when you're home from school. or when you're home. from uh uh work and you're not on the road. that much um you know. sometimes you can take calvin to. school 2: in the morning and i and i and i get mad. in my head and say no. i'm not doing that i'm a night. owl and i'm not doing that. and she's like well i have to. do it every morning. and i said yeah i don't keep those. hours and then i'm talking out. loud i'm like man i sound like a [ __ ] [ __ ] but then i'm like yeah but i work nights and that's what makes the money and that's how we live this way and then i'm like h maybe i shouldn't and she was like well you're never going to. take him to school. and i was like yeah i guess. maybe one once or twice. every now and then and and and the first day. of his school i was like well. i'm not missing this i'm not missing. this because there's no way. i'm missing this i have to. be there for his first day. of school so i take him. to school and it's amazing. i almost cry come back. second day of school. i get i get up i go. i got i'm going to. take him don't worry i have. taken him to. school every single day but one and it's been two months. except for the times i'm not in town. which is you know one. of the fridays of the week usually. because i'm traveling so and and and i realize like how amazing that that makes me feel actually like i'm like super happy. to do it i'm present. i wake up you know. i'll put a snacks in the bag. i'll fill the water up. they you know cuz he's got a water. bottle which they didn't used to. do that i guess when i was we were kids. right but now they just got water. so important like i guess they they realize i don't know. maybe kids started dying. from being dehydrated or some [ __ ] but it's like or maybe it's just something we made up i don't know but anyway i got the ecofriendly bottle and we go to. the thing and then and i i pack up. i give him a little cheese. sticky in the morning and i bring him. to school and i watch it. i'm the you know. i watch him walk into. his school and uh you know i see him. greet the teacher and i'm like i probably. look like a [ __ ] [ __ ] like just so happy and lit up lit up just happy and um and i i i i i never was there was there was never a thought since that happened since he started going to. school where i woke up where i thought. i'm not going to. take him today or i don't. want to take him today. i want to. take them so i'm like oh [ __ ] alert alert you didn't know who you don't know who you are but also maybe it's not that. maybe it's that you surprise yourself. in nice ways in shitty ways. sometimes but sometimes in nice. ways and that's okay but i'm like that's what. having a kid is like you learn. to like things and they're not. necessarily things for you even when you're a selfish. person but it's like they're very fulfilling because i was driving calvin. and billy back from my parents. house the other day both. of them and billy just does. this thing now where he just throws. up in the car and he's done. it maybe three times where we're just driving. and out of nowhere. he'll just go [ __ ] and it'll just silently it'll silently just b b and i don't know it's happening. until uh uh oh my god it smells like someone's burning. plastic in an anus you know and so um i go oh and then i hear c go. oh and calvin's like bad with that. stuff the bodily fluids he's just like right. so i'm like calvin it's okay. and we're halfway home but it's like i got to. get home before calvin now throws up. throws up and so we're on the way. home and calvin just realizes um hey uh you think billy's going. to flow up and i was like what. no and he's like but i'm i'm scared. that he's going to. flow up uh and i'm like oh buddy. oh no it he's that's not going. to happen and then he's like but what if it. does can i have your hand. and i was like can you have my hand. you want to. hold my hand and he was like yeah. and i was like i can't all right. i'll um i can't really do it. cuz my [ __ ] shoulder hurts the reason. why it hurts cuz i reached back. once to him and it hurts. so now i got to. do the thing that you know. but i'm like [ __ ] it that's why i hurts cuz i'm a dad so that's all good that's dad tack so i'm like holding so i'm like all right. i'll try to do it. i'll hold his hand i'm like i can kind of do. it you know and i'm like buddy. i don't think bil's going. to throw up he's only thrown up. like three times in the car. and he's just like but what if he does. and i said well you know. what you'll be able. to handle it and he goes. and he's like yeah but h. what if i said you're worrying about something that probably. won't happen it may happen. but it probably won't happen. and daddy does that too and then i go. man i actually do do that. too like sometimes i'll just be up. at night thinking about nothing. and i don't mean nothing. i mean the thought of nothing. like when you die. what happens and immediately i just feel just darkness. consuming my eyes and mouth. and chest and balls and i'm just oh my gosh. what does happen do. we just stop is there heaven. get out of here not for me. and then i get really sad. and i'm like my brain. works too hard so i say to. calvin i said you know. what calvin this isn't a bad. thing but some sometimes you're like dad. and your brain works too hard. and it's okay because it's kind of in a way. it's just tricking you. it's making you think something that cu. you know i have ocd. and i have a fear that you know. my kids will have it so i'm like you. don't have to. actually let your brain trick. you like it's just working too. hard and that's okay because you know what say. he does throw up what's going. to happen he said it's going. to smell bad and i said yeah. and then what and he said i'm not going. to like it and i said yeah. and that's what that's what's going. to happen it's going. to smell bad but you're going. to handle it and you can handle. it so don't let your brain. work too hard on worrying about something that probably isn't going. to happen and if it does happen. you're going to be able. to what and he says i'm going. to be able to. handle it and i'm driving. back and i'm like oh man. i'm [ __ ] awesome why don't i say this kind of stuff. with adults you know i'm just driving just like how come i can't. ki ass in conversations. when i'm talking to. a 40yearold and i feel good. about myself i mean. i'm thinking [ __ ] like it's too bad billy isn't old enough to. hear this [ __ ] this is good i don't know if i'll be able. to say it again. and so every five minutes on. the way home you know. it's like 40 minutes home i hear cevin. says oh dad my brain's working too. hard and i'm just like it's you know this. beautiful thing where like i should take my own. [ __ ] advice and like i don't need to. be all [ __ ] pissed off when i can't find the cvs and then i get all mad and i there all things i've created in my head where it's like oh man my wife better. wake up and take the prolis. set cuz that'll make it all worth. it and it's like what what. dude huh then i'm like why didn't my dad. tell me that [ __ ] and i'm like maybe you didn't really know but i don't know uh it's so uh it's so awesome. pe but i was thinking. on way here you know. about kids going. back to what i was talking about. it's like uh it's so you know. what i don't like this. word and one time when i was 202 my friend's. mom said that something was wonderful. and i said wonderful. huh and she said yeah. it's wonderful and i said really and she said yeah. and i said she said you don't think it's wonderful. and i said i don't know. i don't think uh really anything's. wonderful and then in in that. moment i i actually thought i'm never using. that [ __ ] word anymore. and i didn't dude for years. until it was absolutely necessary and i only used it when it was like full of wonder when something was full of like huh. but i'm using it now. dude it's just wonderful man. it's wonderful having kids. it's wonderful and the people that don't have. them that don't uh want to. good on you you know. but i wonder what they would. think if they knew what they were missing. out on i don't know some people some guys splitting. women in dip some guys splitting. women in dip and i just can't even believe it. like people are like oh dave groll's a piece. of [ __ ] i'm like yeah he's just raising two families. now what a nice guy. he still is the best. the best the best dude. he still is [ __ ] y'all. [ __ ] deia um dude it's called from um oh [ __ ] so anyway i post a lot of instagram clips now re reals [ __ ] getting them numbers up i got [ __ ] numbers i got my numbers are going up sell uh tickets that way told i'll be in toronto. and all these you know. new new some just a bunch of different. places sou falls but um so that's fine. uh there's a guy who just followed me. oh danny go just followed me on instagram dude. i'm going to see. danny go with my kids and uh i can't wait and that's it. and i'm telling you guys. that just because and i can't wait. to go to danny go. i cannot wait and it's crazy. i want to. go to danny go. because five years ago. not only would i not wanted to. have gone to danny go. but i wouldn't have wanted to. go to a place. and now i'm going and i'm going. with my kids and it's going. to be so fun. and i hope the lights. are cool and i hope that they're dancing. a lot and i hope that they [ __ ] g. g g give me. that garbage g g g. give me that garbage throw it. away throw it away throw it away. that song is dope. i i think i could actually make it better. too i'm going to. tell danny go and i meet him because i'm going. to meet him i think i hope. i'm gna go it. should go g g give me. that garbage g g g. give me that garbage garbage but they don't do. that and it would be so dope. if if they did that. garbage if they chopped and screwed it like that but they don't do that [ __ ] throw it dude i'm listen that on the way home [ __ ] it windows down duran duran take a break. take five boom g g. g give me that. garbage and i'm going to. be in the car give me that. garbage garbage just me being with him doing it throw it away. throw it away throw it. away as i kick it into. 11th gear the zuckerberg made a dude. uh he had this thing i saw where his wife. wanted a minivan this is so i i i actually i don't know. the guy mark zuckerberg but there is nothing. probably that i would guess more. that mark zuckerberg would do then his wife said he wanted a minivan. she wanted a minivan so he had porsche. construct a porsche minivan and it's just like look at this. mark zuckerberg bought his wife a custom porsche cayenne turbo gt. minivan yeah he had west coast. customs do it right yeah whatever and and um no hey no no hey porsche cayenne turbo. gt minivan hey no it's it. you don't you like it. it's come on bro you like it. it looks like dog [ __ ] dude this thing looks too long. it looks like a limo. it's too long porsche. doesn't make it for a reason. and here's the deal. his car he got his and hers matching i love. these rich rich [ __ ] that. are like so had to. get one too check it. out and they just post it. like people aren't just like killing. each other for groceries um. but i did talk about my por so um but uh it's so he got the his his is dope. the one the what is it. gt3 whatever it is um anyway. he got that minivan made from west coast. customs i i watch that show. sometimes man what's that bad i don't know man. it it's got to. be bad right it's got it's going. to break down or something dude. where is this country. headed with this with elon. musk and just he's going to. run v you must have free speech. in order to have democracy. that's why it's the first amendment. and the and and the second amendment. is there to. ensure that we have the first amendment. just told everyone oh wow. [ __ ] that's him oh i thought it was the person in the room. wow siny speech in order. to have democracy that's what do. that's the first amendment on. this and the and and the second amendment. oh just so nervous and and and and that. just knew he was going. off on a lim literally he's like i hope i'm not telling people. to actually kill each other. if they don't say what they want is. there to ensure do we have the first. [applause] amendment it honestly. sounds like a club anthem. a little bit how do you do four. syllables of that i understand. two three i understand. um damn dude but he just keeps nutting in women. and having kids huh. like dude to just be wow. to just be so rich. and just nut in different. women and just giving speech like he probably. feels like he's floating you. know like he's just god i love. how when when elon musk jumped how did he jump with that face dude. that's talented like you got like it's fair. enough to say you know must changed. the world if you were to. have seen this picture you'd be like well that's a guy. that's going to change the world. cuz how does he have a face. vacant of anything how his the empty. vessel of his head. experiencing this a foot off. the ground it is i mean. it is un you know. he looks like a ps1 character. where you're like all right. they tried with the polygon. stuff but i mean just unbelievable. love headlines like this. al pacino reveals he nearly wait uh uh oh uh here alucino reveals he nearly died of covid19 and gives his thoughts on the after life alucino has revealed that he near okay he nearly died in 2020 and shared his vi in the interviews in the new york times and people magazine oscar wining actor recounted his experience this is from cnn so you know it's half. true um pacino 84 84 dude. wow and he says that there's no afterlife because dude. these actors are just they must just who good for. them good for them just losing their mind. good for them they need to. how how how could they not. how could alcino not be crazy. as [ __ ] i i'm surprised. alucino isn't just at like shop. right just jacking off. in the bread aisle like just why oh yeah. oh yeah oh wait. um so al 84 told the times a wide. raging interview uh to. that he began to. feel unusually not good. and then develop a fever. and was dehydrated um wow this. is what he said i was sitting there. in my house and i was gone. didn't have a balls didn't have a balls. that's what dude that's what he said. you're here you're not i thought wow. you don't even have your memories. you got nothing strange porridge. [music] just if you don't have a pulse. you don't know you're here you. don't know you don't know. you're here you're dead within minutes. an ambulance showed up. at pino's home and he regained consciousness with six. paramedics and two doctors so i mean the way. this guy talks they had these outfits. uh that looked like they were from out. of space or something. it was kind of shocking was. kind of shocking shocking to. open up your eyes and see that. everybody was around me. and they said he's back. he's here uh okay. he died and that would be pretty. [ __ ] cool to. just die for a little bit. die a little bit that'll be the next. uh uh bruce willis. installment he'll just be in a wheelchair. die a little bit um it. won't even be like you have 30. seconds mlan they'll be like you have a week. and a half and it is next. door see if you can get there i have will start a timer now and it just doesn't even move it just says n days um is uh oh here's elon musk cy elen musk el musk ciny oh ciny oh this is so oh wow that's cincy oh just oh the wave at the end love it he's my best friend if i met him at a coffee shop dude we'd be all over each other not in a gay way um let's see here dude have you been on twitter lately i i i posted a few things on there recently sound like such an old man but dude uh i didn't know it was so racist there's an account i guess i looked at it once because it keeps coming up i do not follow it and it's so antisemitic. that i'm like oh my god. no people are for real. like it has likes it'll. just post a picture of someone. who i guess is uh of the jewish. religion and the and and and and what they did. about something and then the the twitter caption will be i don't even have to. say it you know you know and you're and i'm and i'm like a non. a non antisemitic person i'm like i know. what i don't get it. and then you look at the replies and it's like. it's always them and you're just like oh my god dude. oh my god and it's like we need free. speech and we need the second amendment. because that'll help uphold the first. amendment and it's like or whatever l. must did um this i agree. with this reddit post we. are spoiled for choice it. says nword but but i'm going. to say guys instead of guys. was never meant to. see this many bad [ __ ] social media. got us fried our ancestors used. on to only see 10. like baddies in their whole. life and boy isn't that true. i mean dude you want to. know about this come to. a guy like me a guy. who's 44 i've had social media. and not social media. i know what the world was. like without social media. i know what the world is. like with social media. and dude hey there's too many. bad [ __ ] out there i can tell on my phone but you don't see him out you don't really see him you might see one and now there's more people than ever our ancestors dude. if i think about how many like tens. my dad has seen it's probably. 20 and he's 76 and he probably saw 13. of them after he was 45. like we are on overload i bet. like the the the what do you call. it the the ah who cares. i don't want to. say it for no reason. i'll stop talking on this podcast. because i can do that. i don't even know why. people listen to. podcasts with interviews i don't i know people do that all the time. and those are the big ones like or with two people on it. you know like more people watch uh golden hour. than they watch this more people watch bad. friends and more people watch and it's just like dude. no man i only want. to listen to. one person talking or nobody talking. yeah dude hell yeah that's good. man that's good i'm tired. it's actually pretty tiring doing. the podcast now at i'm 44. but i how long am. i going to do. it for i'm going to. keep going i i want to. i want to. keep going dude i you know what this. could be the longest. running podcast of all time. i might do that. i might just do it. until i'm 95 like i know you know. like you know obviously it's a cash cow. theo's podcast rogan's podcast and all this. [ __ ] but like they're not going to. be they're going to. be rich but you know. rogan's already rich he [ __ ] theo's. on his way and it's like oh dude. they're gonna quit hey dude i'm just going. to keep doing it. even if it's bad in fact i'm going. to do it bad. [ __ ] yeah dude i'm going to. do it when i'm 80. congratulations episode 4,665 billion same stupid. intro you know talking about tour. dates i'm not going on hey guys i'll be in narnia. on [ __ ] april 7th. 75th i'll be in narnia. on april 75th come. see me in narnia. go to my website booty booty. booty dot com. just losing my mind. there's no websites anymore. just put on your glasses. and be there it's virtual i'm you here. we go yay wow. but it is what it is. um i appre i appreciate you. guys you know look from the bottom of my [ __ ] and balls. um and uh that's it that's the episode. for youtube if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. the uncut uh girthy episode. go to pat on patreon. dot com christalia and get that. and then get like the other unlock all the like there's like 40. episodes that we've done that. are only for the patreon so go get that. it's just six bucks go. do it plus you support. the show it helps us. man it really does. it keeps the show moving. we love you we like youu. [music] 