 hang out with a chick. was beautiful like this was years. ago really beautiful and she was like and she said something. she goes yeah man it. was sick and i go and i was like oh that's like the worst. thing to do should i introduce her to. me i got the egg dude. we're on the couch together. and she goes yeah and i go and my penis. goes laughs runk [music] hello. hello hello hello [music] dude. good job man you got a dog. on your lap dude you ever. think about how you have a dog. on your lap and it's so close. because he's touching your genitals are touching. basically only there's a sheet i've straight. up never once thought about me. either me neither i brought up. because i was wondering if you thought of that. when she rolls over. and i happen to. see it uh all i ever think billy. my old dog friends. of mine will from back. in the day will absolutely know. billy billy's the queen legend pisses me. off that anthony's in the bathroom. flush the toilet but well nobody don't hear that i know but i heard it and that's what matters especially with billy yeah um so when she would roll over especially but charlie too and i would see it uh i would just think well my that's a that looks like calamari okay because it looks so much like a calamari and nothing else yeah probably because it does no i i don't have problems oh because you're the one that does because you think about the other thing that you said in the beginning right i don't have problems because all i do is see with my eyes. my eyes make a connection. to a thing that it. looks like more than the thing. that it actually is which is calamari. so boringly you broke it down. i love the calamari. what's that wait what's that. from wait what's that from ray. winston's doing the best acting ever and sexy. beast when he first hears don logan. is coming into. town and he's just like i love the calamari. yeah yeah so good i just did. so good too i just did. so good okay okay yeah ray winston is the guy. from pull them up he's the guy. from he's the best no. that's the best is tim. daly no the best is. yeah ray was is amazing. yeah it's so good yeah. but you you plebeians out there would know him from the departed. probably plebeians you know but but but but the best is and i always forget his name god i always forget his name and he is legit. the best actor who's like him. uh is he gonna say. jason isaacs no tom he's great. but tom oh tom wilkinson. yeah he's the greatest actor yeah he's amazing. you know what he has a small part. in but is just so amazing. and i know what you're going. to say too after i say this. okay the ghost writer oh uh with nicholas cage. knew it uh i knew it. nope the roman place what superhero. is he ray winston is amazing. he was in batman. and he played a broadcast. from brooklyn uh ray winston did no tom wilkins no no i'm sorry. tom wilkinson yeah yeah yeah tom wilkins is amazing. in the batman with not dude. do you remember that old really old like og. trans movie that he was in he. he played a guy. i believe i never saw it. but i remember the trailer so well. like this isn't like in the maybe early. odds or even late 90s. he played like a normal. family man who comes out as someone who is it i don't know if he's trans but he's like in the bedroom or whatever quiet in the bedroom no that's just a great movie that he's in oh he's in this is this was an hbo movie with him and like i think it might i want to. say jessica lang but i'm not sure it. was a tv movie back. before tv movies were like before. they were the i think yeah yeah okay. cool well um all right listen. guys uh did we make a big. enough deal about charlie though. no we we did but okay. yeah i i might not like charlie. charlie's great she's great. charlie's go to the obviously. the thing so we can talk. about the thing we got a patreon. uh up and running. now we're starting to. drop episodes uh in may uh oh may may 21st. uh patreon dot com lifeline. luxury you're doing it so wrong. am i doing it. oh god i got it got it. okay just cut that out or or leave. it we don't care um. uh june is when it starts. right this episode comes out. hi it's may 21st. and patreon dot com lifeline. luxury the patreon episodes drop. starting june 4th um. so you can go to. uh patreon get signed up. we do at least two a month. uh episodes that are at least. 30 minutes long of matt. and i just bantering. because i know that that's what a lot. of the fans want uh no videos. no calls or anything. like that so it's just us. brotherly love lifeline luxury patreon. dot com luxury and uh so sign. up today uh i'm on tour. chrisley dot com go to. hit them cities uh and then we can go. uh matt you got what i got my own. solo oneonone i'm helping people. out in the world man. they reach out to. me they say hey matt. i need you i beg of you. help me and i say that's not a problem. because i got help tons. of help to. give tons of love to. give frankly uh you can make your own. appointment with me at mattdelia. dot com or you can leave. us a message on the hotline. 2139738095 or uh send in a video if you have a question. watch lifeline dot com and merch. lifelinemirch dot com whatever we got it. going you know what i mean. well i do yeah so i was just checking my fantasy. baseball yeah no that's important. dude yeah so why do you do. fantasy baseball uh well first of all i love baseball. there's okay there you go. but that's not the reason oh okay because a lot of people love. baseball are like you play fantasy what a loser. and i say i'm not a loser. and then then what happens. and then i slap them with a glove not with my hand. glove yeah i bring a glove now. you take it off. first dude robin hood prince. of thieves remember that was out for what that's from no. you can slap with a glove and then he takes the armor. glove and slaps oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i can't. believe i remember that and uh i i can't. believe i remember that to. be honest so i play. fantasy baseball because i remember more than you can't. believe you remember it it's like it. brings me such joy. now i don't want to. dig deep on why okay. because it's going to. start to piss me. off because i'm gonna get close. to my feelings in a way. that i'm not comfortable yet. let me think about it. bring it back next week. we'll talk more about it. about why you like to. examine oops you said it. you didn't even get it. right the second time. fantasy football basket baseball. well there there is fantasy all. of them yeah for sure. yeah yeah and i used to. do all of them i'm into. fantasy tennis that i bet. it exists actually wow it's just one person. yeah but you can do it. like as a group i got people. sampras yeah exactly yeah i mean so old you know. dude i got jennifer capriati oh my god wow. remember when monica sellers. got stabbed on the court. no that was crazy. i don't remember that movie. was the coolest she. would go oh yeah yeah you hit the ball. you know yep dude if i was a tennis player. uhoh oh my god i wish sometimes. i this is why i'm a comedian. but i wish i was i i wish i was something else sometimes so i could do it. the funniest way but you would be so bad. no one would that's the catch allow. you into tournament i know. well no if i was a if i was as good of a tennis. player as ever i am comedian. yeah i'd be right well sure yeah okay. so i would be i would be the guy who would go. oh no and i do it. okay uh oh that would be so dope. yeah you would get famous. because players that are like a little bit. more bombastic and look at me than others. definitely don't have don't have. to be as good yeah. if they're like because look watchable. i wouldn't be the number one. tennis player i would be whatever. number i am comedian. but i would be like oh no. oh that's not that entertaining just oh it. is are you kidding me. i don't think oops ah [ __ ] actually i can't say wow [ __ ] you know upsy daisy let's see you handle that one that'd be me. yelling so loud but that but well you'd have to. be because so everyone in wimbledon could. hear it is it hard. to mix these episodes because chris is yelling. so much no that's the thing. maybe i make it shorter yeah that's why. it's that's why the players. that do do that are just like because it's quick. yeah and it's cinchy wow. because you know what that. means it's cinch simple yeah. yeah simple all in the days. work dude i would be you know how many endorsement deals. i'd have you probably people probably. think you're absolutely crazy but that's okay. but then i would sit and i would do regular interviews. like uh and then behind the what do. they call it post. game [ __ ] and i would just be like yeah no it's just you know that's how i do it i'm you know i i gotta do it because that's that's it man you know and people be like all right well he's not crazy it's a cinch it's a cinch and then that would be a shirt dude i'm the man there's a guy like that right now all right yeah who is that guy i was just thinking about that who is that guy nick curios and what does he do. he's very bombastic loud does funny. things during the thing. and where's he from again. and he's from uh australia. right yeah yeah yeah of greek descent. i think yeah yeah he's like kind of cool. looking too right. yeah he's cool yeah like to. see him try to. stand up but anyway but exactly. to your point he's he hasn't. won a whole lot of like he's really. good yeah of course right. but um yeah he hasn't been winning. but he's so everybody wants to. watch it there you go people don't. do that because they think the game is pure hey this. is what i say to. that hey dude hitting the ball. around there's a huge argument in most sports. but right now in baseball. because it's kind of still the most. oldfashioned in a way right. uh yeah true american sports. yeah uh but like the bat flips and the really exuberant. celebrations old school players are like that's not. how you play the game. it's like do you want people. to watch it fans to. just go away yeah it's crazy. you want to. get new fins because new fans. will come when players are going. crazy and doing funny interesting. stuff yep not just hitting a home. run to win the game. they just like trotter on the bases. and then go home you gotta do a cool. back flip you gotta like do something to. the fans whether you're at home. you like pump them up you're away. you give them the bird. whatever you know yep yeah. dude you can't even see charlie. on my lap right now. but her entire fat hot. body is on my you can see her. you can see oh there's oh her. butt dude that's hilarious. only her butt is protruding i can see. her whole back you're wrong. oh you're blind. so oh no that's just a butt. that's just her butt all right. well so you're pissed me off so now. i can see her yeah because you're behind the table. okay no i can see it. on the screen is what i'm saying. yes yeah that's the guy. i was thinking of yeah. well really the guy that you mentioned. what do you mean. that's the guy you were thinking of you. said the guy and he googled the guy. no he said the guy. and i i said i think i know. that oh nice nice nice nice all. right so um so that's cool. if i was a tennis player. that's how i would be okay. now that we've established. that should we get going okay. i you know i got most improved. when i was in when i was 12. years old doing playing tennis mrs. you were so bad you had a big. way to go i was so so bad. but i got most improved legit. i didn't get most improved like is it. wasn't mysteries right yeah yeah i got most improved. because it was legit. dude i was a i was a real uh i was a really good tennis player. as a kid remember they'd give everybody. mr hustle oh dude yeah they suck nobody wanted it. if you got mr. hustle everyone would tease you. i got it once in basketball. but it's just like foreign highest scorer. greatest player most rebounds and seven. mr hustles dude you know what i have. all the asian kids and [ __ ] and me i hold a record at our high school. that we both went to. basketball record not even a baseball record but basketball i took the most threepointers ever in a season and also missed. by far the most threepointers ever. taken that's a horrible. record isn't that crazy is it up. in like the locker rooms. well no one would ever. they don't put the shamefulness but i wish they i wish it. was yeah that'd be amazing. but yeah i shot like 7c. 73 77 threes that's too. many and made 11. oh my god so all right. well look if you you like the banter. going over to lifeline luxury. patreon dot com uh we dropped that. start dropping the episodes. uh june uh fourth so uh let's get into. the show though huh. let's get into the show. lifeline the og lifeline let's get into. it let's see what you got here. harlequin hey guys uh my name is alyssa. i live in florida. and i'm 25 years old. my hair is so good. um i work in window. tinting it is yeah nice as you. can see um and because i'm a girl. i get guys that come into. my store that talk to. me like i'm a [ __ ] idiot or they just try to. bypass me and go. straight to my boss um a lot. of times i get guys that just don't want. to deal with me at all. um so i'm looking for some spin moves. um because i don't really know how to. handle these situations until. after people have already left. um so i because then like you know your brain. starts going into. [ __ ] that you could have said that you didn't um so i'm just looking for some stuff. to keep in the arsenal. to hit them with you. know anything would be appreciated i love you. so much chrissy we're awesome. in lakeland thank you for [ __ ] coming to. lakeland yeah um and i'll see you in fort myers. hell yeah dude oh cool. i love uh yeah that's actually the lakeland. show is so fun um off the chain. i was gonna say it was fire. no don't ever say that. well because i'm 43 no. just because no if it doesn't think it's oh it's fine. every time somebody says that's fire. i think dumb okay why. didn't say it no i know. that's why i said good. but even if i did say i think it's down for different. reasons about you okay um um so i'm very rude. that's that's hard because to. me obviously i'm wrong but to. me even even shitty chauvinistic men. wouldn't be like that about window. tinting in my mind but like yeah. obviously i'm wrong yeah and that. doesn't that doesn't like shock me. but it's still kind of like that. seems weird because it's you're not better. or worse at really. like window tinting is not. doesn't require anything particularly unique. it's a skill that you learn. but it's not particularly uniquely male in any way. oh got it and yeah so that those guys because it's a car. thing guys think it's a car. thing maybe which which is stupid. but yeah it is stupid. yeah but but it's like like the whole muscle. car tinted kind of i don't know. i i guess i guess the thing. would be something about that. but you don't want to. go and get fired dude. so like you don't want to. come at them too. hard because you're gonna potentially lose. a customer and then your boss. is gonna get mad so you got to. kind of be like maybe passive aggressive about. it in a in a funny way. yeah but like just taking the task in a way. that's like kind of like not cutting. off his balls but putting them in a vice. yeah you want to. see my manager wait by the way she's would they ask for the boss or what her boss her boss you want to. see my boss just because i don't have a penis. okay i mean that might be good or here's what i really. think you should do honestly. this is what you really should do. um talk to your boss. about it oh that's good. and say hey listen. this happens a lot that's good. can you have my back. yeah back me up when this happens. yeah right because then the boss comes out. and says hey what's going on. and they say well i wanted to. do this and that and she said well what's wrong. with her handling it she can handle. it right and you told me. that i would love to. do that right yeah that's the move if you're even if you're if i would say if you're tight. with your boss cool even. if you're not it's cool. because like dude that's so annoying. you know and your boss. will agree your boss. hired you yeah so like unless he's a piece of [ __ ] and if he's a piece of [ __ ] then you got a whole. nother issue there but but it's right. i would i would imagine he's not. a piece of [ __ ] in that regard all other piece of shitness. is on the table but i i would venture to. guess he's not sexist because he hired. you right true so uh i would imagine he would. be receptive to. that uh in in the first place. so that's a good idea yeah. you almost never have the right. pretty much have the most fire. ideas wow and that. idea was super fire that was good. all right okay good cool. there we go hey chris. you know what what uh wellness is. more than just about. nutrition and exercise it's all. it's about it's physical it's mental. and emotional okay so sleep. so you're saying so sleep. stress management and mindfulness are all. important aspects of wellness right. and this is why next evo cbd products. are where it's at do. your research before you buy means making better. informed choices especially when it comes. to stress or sleep. products like cbd did you. know that a study by. an independent lab confirms. some brands contain. up to 60 less. cbd than they claim to. on the label but with next evo. naturals you can trust you're getting. the best of the best. as the most clinically studied cbd. brand on the market do you understand. that next evo the most wow. the most clinically studied cbd brand on the market uh next evo takes research to. the next level great. to relieve stress great. to pop and then get in bed. and have a great night's sleep. i know that you've done that. uh wake up feeling what. refreshed and well rested which is rare enough doing 100 your own stuff. using this is great vegan. gmo free glutenfree thc free capsules and gummies derived. from 100 u.s grown hemp upgrade your cbd go. to nextevo dot com lifeline. to get 20 off your first order. of 40 or more that's 20. off 40 or more at nextevo dot com. slash lifeline nice hoodie. started over obviously because we're talking and started over. and there we go. they've got a condom. for a hat and the hoodie. handsome me i am no. him okay what's going on. guys i just want to. start by saying that i love you guys. relationship as brothers my brother wasn't around. too much growing up so i get to. live vicariously through you guys and [ __ ] rules. that's cool um my wife takes too. many pictures wow uh we go on a walk. she takes 50 pictures that's hilarious. she's editing the pictures while we're walking. you know uh we go to. a restaurant we do whatever she's taking a million. pictures and i'm not really i don't like taking pictures. i never have i'm not really a smiley. kind of guy um i mean. i smile of course but like when it comes. to pictures i just never feel like taking it. it's not good yeah i'm a very. in the moment just be there. and remember it later. i don't need a picture for it. uh am i being a dick. let me know uh chris been a fan. since midwest city oklahoma. years ago matt your style. is impeccable i remember that i [ __ ] love you guys i'm glad. i called him handsome at the top. because he complimented me. at the end what do. you think he is out. of ten an eight. oh i would say between eight and a half. yeah okay because um do you know. what i am yeah. like i said six and a half. that's seven you're like a seven. that is no that's a lowkey crazy i'm fire. you you should agree with that. seven seven is good. it's not it's okay bro. but when you it's not a d you know what i'm saying. yeah it's a c. yeah exactly it's not a d. so listen uh i don't think you're a dick. i i have a whole thing. where look i'm much happier. these days like when i'm with my family. and [ __ ] and we're taking pictures i actually feel happy so i'll smile but i used to. be on that [ __ ] where it's like dude. i'm not gonna smile unless i'm happy. you want to. remember the time the way. it was you don't want to. look back on these pictures and you're just in every picture like this. this guy was just always happy. well that's why i don't i don't. like post right post. pictures yeah that's why if if she's just taking pictures i was gonna say this actually but continue when i'm done. when you're just taking pictures. of what's going on yeah. it doesn't bother me. when you're like needing to. stop the moments yeah that's pose horrific. that's uh every it ruins. everything and like yeah maybe just wait to. the end ask her to. like wait till something's nearing. an end to like get all. the photos that we're all going to. get together yeah or get them out. of the way in the beginning. don't like do it throughout uh also the editing while you're after. yeah after you've taken them. while you're out still you gotta she's gotta compromise. no photo editing until she gets home. a photo edit when you're at. home yeah doing your own. thing yeah that's not a group. activity or a couple of activity. then she's literally being antisocial. yeah taking photos is still a social thing. to do making people pose. for a photo more than like once. i get it if you want to. do it once that's fine. but that's like you're basically that's a smaller. version of the guy at the party. with who wants to. play a guitar you're like oh no. not bad dude it's a smaller. version i said yeah. but you shouldn't it's not even. the same bulb it's not even the same. i was gonna say ballpark. it's not in the same. ball game yeah but it's a it's a smaller. version because you have to. stop what you're doing and do that. then much more you shouldn't say. much if you said much okay because i didn't say the word. much you're gonna get on me. for that i am that's crazy. bro i am and all the calamari. dude you know what's weird is. it's really uh nice that. people say they do say that. they live vicariously through. us as brothers like that and what is that. i know what vicarious means oh i know. for sure but like they didn't have their relationship. with their brother like that well what they're saying. is that they have a sibling i think you. know women say it too about. theirs yeah yeah and brothers. yeah uh it reminds them. of them no it it they weren't. close as he said they weren't that. close with their sibling growing up. and they always wished they were not like one. really wanted to. be all the time with the sibling. and the other one didn't yeah. it's just like that closeness isn't initially. there yeah and they wish that they were naturally. closer with their siblings my. sense of what they're talking. about uh which i actually have evolving thoughts. on this like i i know. what people mean when they say that. but what i've realized as i've gone. on in years is like most people straight. up most buy good amount. don't have a good relationship. not just with their siblings. but with their families in general. like they they don't like want to. see them over the holidays. they don't really want to. call them to check in. it's like so and i obviously get it. but like this i find that. very interesting and unfortunate because there's a lot. of people like that who really do. wish they uh had that like natural inkling. to want to. be close it's like they don't hate. their siblings it's not. like they butt heads. but it's like they don't have that. thing you know yeah. i really hope that uh i mean. we're really close with our family. and all that stuff and obviously we're close. um william and calvin calvin william. i just think it i really like i'm so happy. that they have each other and i can't wait for them. to have that man. like like william is at the point. where he just started. to open his eyes. and stuff and like look around. and like smile a little bit and it's just like today. calvin came into the room. this morning any any and um and i you know he was like and why was he doing that. because he just in the morning. he just does kind of sometimes. you know how do you kind of yeah. like he's just saying i'm going. downstairs and um you come you come. and look at [ __ ] and stuff. no no because he's no. i'm just jack the man. yeah of the house and so i uh so so kristen was with william. already was like six something. feeding him and i was like come. on buddy let's go to. your room and i went into. his room and his bed. and we slept together for another. few hours and i i just think it's like it. to think that like i get to. do that again with william. after calvin gets too old. and like i'm gonna be with both. of them and they're both gonna have each other. as it's the most beautiful. thing dude and i i really wish that people could like have that you know. and not everybody does i guess. and um you know we're lucky to. have that at the same. time i think being an only child. would be pretty sick people. are always like i don't think that would be good i don't know. why that like if that's all. you know and your parents are cool. yeah i mean being a silly child. is fine getting it. all i'm getting it all. dude what i'm saying is being close. with your sibling versus not. being of course yeah i'm just yeah. i'm taking it somewhere else which is what. people do in conversations. which is what this is which is all. good uh all right. yeah just tell her you can't. be antisocial take pictures yeah. you can't be antisocial. and that almost kind of does. include taking too many posed. photos because you're breaking up. yeah social gathering and and ruining it once. everyone's laughing so hard. with three people like so hard like we were having a ball. it was on a plane. and then one of the people said you guys. want to play a game and it ruined. everything you hate games uh yeah. but ruined everything. we were laughing crying. laughing and she's like you want to. play a game and we go. oh and she was to. explain some game neither of us. knew and it was like that. okay we'll try and it was so bad. dude that's yeah play a game while you're having the best. time that's odd yup dude. what's better yeah anyway. you want to. play candyland while we're recording. what's better than what's better. having sex or having a time. where you're just laughing. so hard with everyone well because the latter. is much much much more specific and guarantees you're having an insanely. good time definitely that. yeah i agree so uh that. would be worse than in. the middle of sex being like yo let's stop and have a and play a game. there you go well that the ladder. was figured it out so weird. the first one's weird the first ladder. would be demented dude. equally as weird just like having sex with your girlfriend. you know yeah and then all of a sudden. your girlfriend's like i'll have the calamari. all right let's do it. uh i'll have a culinary one. on having sex with my girlfriend. you know disgusting let's do it. absolutely disgusting hey guys what up. it's your boy it's your army. in the back with the sweet. mate that goes oh yeah. what do you say first. of all i'm he's the guy. in this video he's the guy. who has the roommate that's always hawking. oh oh oh i remember this. guy all right dude. from the beginning again. i want to. hear it got airpods suck. huh they do hey guys. what up it's your boy. in the army in the barracks with the sweet. mate that goes um first of all i'm absolutely pissed. that i'm wearing a vneck in this. video but it's okay besides the point. i took your advice and i confronted yeah. it is helpful in person. and i'm like hey you shot him. uh clean the bathroom please and he goes. all right i'm like okay. that's good so i give him. a few days right. okay guess if he does it. no of course not so i that's actually weird. then i type up a note. and i print it and i slide. it under his door okay. uh and i give him a few days. then i run into. them in person again whoa. and he says hey i got your letter. and i'm like okay and he's like uh i bought a bunch of stuff. to clean the bathroom. and i'm like okay okay if i can do it. right yeah and he doesn't do it. still didn't do it okay. now what do i do. like like i know that i can. reach out to. his commander and be like yeah he is dirty this guy's dirty you know blah. blah i don't know get him. in trouble but like i also don't want to. be a rat but oh god i don't know what to. do anymore it's all right. if it's windy but [ __ ] okay ours is a really good submission man i like that guy's attitude i like him too my favorite guy i've ever known. in the army you're my army. buddy and i love you i was in the army. but okay ah really so actually no he was mom. was in the army okay. so my second favorite grand. army my mom is in the army. she was like during the band. guys [laughter] on yeah. all right uh i mean dude. just you've gone far enough. just go all the way. and be like use the supplies. you bought man are you trolling. me because at this point. it's like he's just like pulling. your leg like like you okay dude. hey you said you bought the stuff. use it yeah like everyone does. with things they buy yeah man. i don't really know how i feel about. this because you you taught him. you taught him twice. now and he's on his way. to do it he hasn't. done it yet he says he's got the stuff. so great i don't believe in being a rat yeah. no but also if it's not getting done. then what is the what what you. got to do what i said. you got to say hey yeah we this. is the third time. right right you went so far. as to buy supplies. which i appreciate yeah. now i'm just like you're not using them. and to to comply with my request. which you said you were going. to do you need to. use the things you bought. yeah because they don't magically use themselves. yeah there you go. that's a good thing to. say don't say comply but yeah yeah i mean especially the guy in the army. yeah that's why i said that. i messed up but uh yeah men don't like to. be told they have to. comply but like he met. if you put it in the context. of i made a request and you said okay. like i compliance or you could just literally just walk up. to him and be like hey comply right. yeah and then hand them. the liquid 409 or whatever you have you know yeah all right cool wow or or look at his supplies like say it's liquid. 409 or windex or whatever. and go into. his room and like look at it. and just be like and like be examining it. until he says like what are you. doing and you're like oh it's weird. it doesn't look like this. was yeah the seal. is still on yeah yeah yeah yeah. yeah so it hasn't even been used. to be like yeah this doesn't these don't you. use it themselves yeah. right yeah what the heck. do you bottle these supplies. and they don't even use. it themselves what the heck. is going on it's almost like somebody. needs to use these for the bathroom. wow you woke up charlie. good job it's okay all right. uh yeah next one. cool hey chris man how do i get this. baby um i had two things. i wanted to say. it looks cool the first of which is i think a good entrylevel horror. movie look how cute uh papa duke. oh yeah okay it's good. it has that high tension. yeah babadook is good and that baby. is so cute it. has really good allegory yeah. you're right you're right so that creates a nice competition. with people i'm pissed but he's right. because i didn't think of it. scary enough before i think it'll sort of get into. your head um but not too scary. to scare people away. from the genre yeah yeah that's a good. call stop showing me up. though that was uh my input. on the topic um the second thing. uh is about this little guy. um so i just that's a cute. kid i want to. avoid him having any. food aversions in the future. my uh nephew he has so many food. aversions he'll only eat like three different. foods that's so common um this. guy will eat anything. right now but hey including his finger. eight months old so i'm worried. about in the future. if he will uh hate everything. like my nephew i'm wondering if any of you guys have any uh advice. on the topic uh not workers because i really want him. to have a diverse palette yeah. enjoy the delicious foods that. we enjoy spicy food. and all that give them. the spicy stuff i'm rambling. i love you guys um hope this. finds you well and i hope you're very soon yeah um the that's a real thing but if honestly if he's eight months and already eating everything then it's you're probably safe really um was it really yeah like if you're eight months and he's already eating a lot of stuff that's great like calvin. wasn't um calvin wasn't and you're saying even at eight. months he was picky. he yeah he really yeah yeah for sure. well and he's kind of picky. he's picky now no. i know that now you know. it's really good and advantageous to. give them everything early on. like everything like even like raw. fish and just i mean everything. they they they might not like it but they will develop a taste. for having a wider range of food. that they like and my son has a fine okay. range it's not great but um we made sure to. at least make him kind of get him. to try i should say. make him but get him to. try a lot of the things. um and even spicy. stuff he likes sushi um. yeah he does and so but a lot. of times now if it looks weird. he'll be like i don't like that. and i was like i'm like buddy. you don't know if you don't like it. yet can you at least try. it because this thing happened. where we would use. this toothpaste and then i'd switch the toothpaste and he was like no. i don't like it and i was like buddy. you didn't even try it. and we spent like 10. minutes in his defense. even if a new toothpaste is good and i will eventually. like it the first time. i use it it makes me. want to throw up. something about new toothpaste weird. well i'm so bad to. me okay uh so i don't like it. eva yeah um so british. so i said to. him i was like buddy. try it it took like 10. minutes i was like please just at least. try it i give him a little bit. and he goes like this. he goes and he's he literally goes like this. i like it so now. i mean it was so funny. and then so now what i do. is do you remember the toothpaste remember. you didn't like it and now and then you liked it. this is going to. be like that most likely so maybe try it. if you don't like it then you don't have to. eat it any and then he now he's coming. around to being like okay. and he'll go like you know. and normally he likes it. because it's good food. we order good food. it makes good food. and um but sometimes he's just like no i don't like it. and then we just say all right. well then you don't have to. eat it but it's you know it. earlier on is the best. way to do it. and if you're doing it. at eight months and he'll eat anything. then i would venture to. say it's probably gonna be okay. i would say that it. was his nephew they probably didn't expose. him to many things also i could be wrong. with this but i feel like i've heard that. it actually lessens the likelihood. of there being stomach problems or even maybe. allergies later in life because it's like an antibiotics yeah if they're antibiotics antibodies like you get them if you're slightly exposed to. [ __ ] there was a study that something like it's like an israel or something where the the food. um there was a like i think it was a peanut. allergy that was like very uh uh prevalent. and they realized it's because they they thought that back. way back whenever um peanuts. were bad for children. dude that's specifically what i had heard what. i just said about peanuts. they were like exposed chosen. to peanuts i don't know yeah. i didn't read that study yeah. but i had heard that and and then it went. away when they started realizing oh they're not bad. for kids and then now there's way. less of a peanut. allergy stuff his face. with peanuts that's my advice. okay well it is kind of weird. though if you do have a peanut. allergy you just kind of got to. like wait it out you give it. to a baby you're like i hope. this is okay right. but i think the point. is the point is that it's likely. to lead to them. not having an allergy. right yes it is yeah yeah okay. okay next one um we're doctors yeah. hey chris and matt i love. you guys this is sandy. i have a dating question. i was wondering how long it. takes men to. get over a serious relationship i met a guy. about three weeks ago. and we had a really great. connection we were getting ready to. introduce our kids and then he got scared. and said that he wasn't ready. we both were in a relationship. that was toxic and they lasted about three. to four years so i'm not gonna wait around. for this guy but i'm also wondering when or what to. do if he does come back. um yeah and chris you were great. in cincinnati i love. you thanks cute cincinnati. was [ __ ] awesome uh uh okay first of all i think the answer to. your just general question about how long does. it take for guys to. get over a partner i. don't i don't maybe i'm wrong. but i don't think it's timewise i don't think it's different. for women and men but i think the men. that or at least personally. in my experience i should say uh i the the amount of time. it takes for me. to get over somebody is pretty much. not always but pretty much directly correlated. to how soon i meet someone. that yeah sort of like takes. that person's face in my brain. not fully not and not certainly not the same. way but the same amount of interest. and amorous feelings towards them like. it tends to. be either a long time. that i can long from. my previous relationship because it was i haven't. found a new one. and it's like yeah fair. you think about what went wrong. yeah what you might have been able. to do differently but until you know. once i would meet someone new it. was like it was almost like to. visualize it just like completely like one person exits my brain and the other one is new and then it's like voila as they say i do think that it's bad that um i do think that it's not the best to. do that though i think it's best. to get over something for sure. but yeah i definitely have done. that i'm almost exclusively. i mean it's it's so hard. the reason i say that. though is because kind of a litmus test. if the guy is into. you because like it wouldn't matter. how long it's been if he's really into. you then like yeah his mind. wouldn't still be clogged yeah. right unless he's got like ptsd. or something like that from a previously. that's different that's a whole. different that's different if it's not that. i would agree he's just not that. into you yeah but if it's just about you. know that relationship ended and it's all. good and whatever everybody. just moved on and yet. he's still thinking about his ex. or you know still trip. has trepidation about with you because whatever. it's probably i never want to. say definitely but it's probably a sign that he is. still hung up on the previous. girl yeah yeah or uh i don't know. maybe it's like a i'm trying. to think of well. i i shouldn't [ __ ] throw this out there. but i don't know maybe he doesn't want. his kids to. meet you because then the kids. will say some to. the mom or something you. know that's always true i don't know i shouldn't but would he let the relationship. end if that was right. yeah i don't know maybe it's not. too serious it comes. back it's if you're saying that it. makes me think you have a reason. to believe that so if he does come. back in one way or another. or circle back around. somehow whatever uh i think that you should. just put it to. him like that you should just say hey. look i totally get it. everybody has different experiences with. different people and sometimes it's longer. to heal than other people but like if you are. seriously interested in me then it shouldn't be a problem about your act. like it's just not yeah yeah i say that. you know yeah if if he comes. nicely say it say it it's like totally straightforward. and warm as as you can. because it's it's it's just true. and you don't have to. hold hard feelings against him for that. but like you know you should put it into. his head that that is your your feeling. those are your feelings okay. cool yeah that's a good. idea i'm sorry i wasn't funnier. but that's the truth well. i'm just saying do some funny. right now and then we're going on okay um so what do you guys. um well so no it's all good. but um alrighty so what's up. with well all right sweating. oh here we go we get. a phone call hey guys just want to. say thanks for doing what you're doing. very enjoyable i appreciate it and uh i love you guys so my question is i'm seeing two females. oops at the moment. one is someone who likes. to do the horizontal slam. multiple times a week and it's great. but we don't connect much. on a personal level yeah whereas the other one. we connect great on a personal. level have very good conversations. nice guy but the horizontal. slamming is limited to. once a week or once. every couple weeks so just in your opinion. what should i do um and in the past. i went with the one. that loved to. do the slamming and she cheated on me. so wow yeah any advice. would be great all right. i actually have a specific thing to. say about house so let me go first. okay first of all if you're doing that. i'm not i'm not moralizing but like you should probably be in the open. about it to. some degree or another that. they both know you're not. exclusive with them that's it. but beyond that i would say if you actually. need to make a choice. and they because like they don't know that. you're seeing both of them. or if one of them. put it to. you i know you're seeing other people. but i want to. be whatever i would say that. if you actually need to. make a choice you should choose. the one that you have the greater. emotional connection with and it's not necessarily for an obvious reason. i think the reason really is i know so myself included. i know so many people who have had somewhere around. twoyear relationships many times throughout the course of their. life then that relationship ends and the reason. that happens i this is a thing. i learned and i'm full of things. i learned because i'm smart. okay so one of the things. i've learned was that typically. that's around the time. that the like love and lust chemicals. eggs wear off and the high of meeting. someone new and have being super like uh physical. with them and being horizontal. ramen whatever uh i know. so it wasn't that i read. that once it was like 15. years ago uh those chemicals. tend to wear off and what you're left. with is just the person across from you. and how much you like them. and if you're two years. in and you know. you're wondering like oh what's going. on something's wrong you know. i'm not really feeling the way. you used to. that's very likely what's going. on but if it's someone you like a lot. as a human being and you connect. really well about other stuff beyond. just like lust things then you probably. will not run into. those you might run into. other issues but you won't run. into that issue so if you plan on. being with someone long term. absolutely without a doubt i would. tell you to. just go with the one. that you're emotion more emotionally. connected to. yeah i mean look you're saying that. basically sex becomes the same. for everyone after five years. anyway and so you should be with someone. that you could have a conversation. with and that's how short. and succinct you can possibly. say it but you took a long way. and that's fine but what i'm saying. people want to know. the reason i know but you well i guess yeah true. but but the guy is um look you're having sex. once a week or once. every two weeks me. no his i'm just kidding. he he's obviously that's not really that. bad that's yeah but i i mean. right i agree but it depends on the context. like you see like please can we just oh well. definitely yeah but he didn't. say that so sure right. and then also uh is it. good sex if it's good. sex and she just doesn't want to. have it that much i still think that that's absolutely. okay and that's good especially if you're going. to live a life. with this i agree you know. if if obviously the sex is probably better. with the woman that he's having it. a lot i mean i'm just right. i'm just guessing if he's having it. a lot she's into. it i bet it was probably it's probably. it's probably better but sex. is very very important. in a relationship but it's also but super individual. and unique everyone's unique. some people have lower libidos. it doesn't have anything to. do with you yeah so there's no reason. to personalize it sometimes it. does but generally you get a sense. of when that's the case. yeah plus squirting off the lifesaver i'm sorry. squirting off's a lifesaver by yourself and your loan and you're alone. oh oh oh by your lovely. squirting loves but yeah squirting. off is a is a lifesaver definitely don't say. square now okay but i'm just saying it's a lifesaver actually in any context. but certainly though okay. okay remember that [ __ ] can the co. this uh soda squirt. of course it's bad. oh it's really bad and moving on oh to. squirt i don't really drink any sauce. cactus cooler worst there is nothing. worse people used to. actually there was a like a urban. legend that they had wood. chips yep remember that yep. i do remember that so dumb. that's how groot came became hold on. yeah cactus cooler wood. chips at least sure it's gonna show. up something yeah butthead the way. you just said oh you guys. don't like cactus cooler no. no but you do a hundred percent. yeah because you like really. bad stuff i haven't had one in years. but you loved it right. when i was a kid. yeah there you go. dude i honestly don't think i'm from the guy. who likes terrifier oh. look i'm sure that's it. why you should never drink cactus. cooler because it's out of wood. chips go ahead the worst. thank you i would never hear. something that was an emergency for me. i needed that to. be off so bad um anyway. dude cactus cooler is terrible uh the only. thing cool back cactus cooler is the design. of the can yeah it is and it's so bad. and one time i saw a guy. uh drinking a cactus cooler. in high school when i was in high school. and um he sparked a loogie. in his cactus cooler. because he was done. with it like he had a little bit left. but he was done. with it and some guy said uh hey what's up. to him and he goes hey man. here you want the rest of my cactus. cooler and he took it and drank it. and walked away and drank it and i felt so bad. and i saw that happen. i don't like that i don't like it. either and i know the two guys who did it. and i still know the two guys. who did it and i should tell him. hey look at that i can. that's the best can dude. it's different now it is different. and what's weird is that they updated. it and it's still good. that is usually when they updated can it's terrible. that's the new one yeah. that's good yeah that's that's terrible. it made it worse. if that one that's great. the best the og cactus cooler. oh wait my favorite cans. are the old look at that. old one that's nice the old mr. pibb or the old. rc cola those are my two. favorites rc cola's cool but the new. ones are ruined. just like the just like every other thing. look at now look at the new ones. those are so dope. now look at how ugly that. is yeah it's terrible. like calm dude dropped it. off he's like diddy. now dude i um i i was hanging out with the chick. once and she was really beautiful. sorry is that doctor you know. i'm trying to say syrup. yeah it's obviously a joker left. dr pepper dessert topping disgusting no. that's real oh my god ew. sorry i interrupted you but that. is dis yeah but you could have could have held. it but dr pepper cherry dude. if you do that if you use that. you're absolutely disgusting okay. go ahead hang out with a chick. was beautiful like this was years. ago really beautiful and she was like and she said something. she goes yeah man it. was [ __ ] sick and i go and i was like oh that's like the worst. thing to do should i introduce it. to me i got the egg dude. we're on the couch together. and she goes yeah that's [ __ ] suit and i go and my penis goes you know what's the the way. to do it though what when you're gonna. do that it's good to. say it anyway but it's best. to say it when you go like this. i mean imagine she did it. on the couch yeah then she would have sleep. yeah exactly and dude. and it was she was so hot. and dude and eddie murphy and boomerang who what what. you're doing why because like that's not. a reason to. to not be interested. in someone anymore was that. a boom or anything yeah boomerang who was like the the biggest. like player in washington dc and the very beginning. of the movie he's like with this. extremely ludicrously beautiful woman yeah. and he pulls the sheets. up or she does. yeah and it reveals that she has like corn. all over her feet okay and he's just like he's just like uh you know like eddie murphy you know isn't boomerang the movie. with uh oh that's where he plays. two people i actually don't know i only saw him rings the one. where he was like where he's like a dorky. with braces right. no that's uh uh uh uh bowfinger uh okay okay her finger's hilarious. that's right okay so yeah so wait so she also that. lady who did that the thing. that said she was so strong. i remember that's [ __ ] see was it a guy but she was so strong. is his name peter yeah. her name was peter. and she played for the a's. yeah i think that was a guy. uh all right next one. matt and chris uh love you guys. love what you do my question. is about uh baby. mamas my daughter's mom lives. in massachusetts uh we've had a mostly peaceful. relationship over the last five years. it's good oh i met. someone last year and uh ever. since then it's been negativity. and putting thoughts into. my daughter's head about. a replacement mommy nothing. could be stuff honestly. i'm getting tired and uh dizzy. from all the spin moves. uh just give me some advice. man uh chris come to. south florida i'd love to. see you i love you. guys later i wanna i'm working. on trying to get to. follow you got it um one of my favorite. places to perform but um i don't even. know what to say to. this guy i can only get really vague generic. advice yeah uh that's rough bro. i guess the only thing you can do is sometimes. the people that do [ __ ] like that it's like you even trying to. broach the subject with them. makes it worse because then they know. you're now you're noticing it and it's getting under your skin. and like they're only remaining. way to be present. in your mind is to. at least be under your skin. and that's a really bad. place to be with someone. uh so i would suggest if that's the kind of person. you're dealing with you might have just honestly. just talked to your daughter and like not. even acknowledge it with with because he says he's tried stuff. before and if it's not happening. like you i don't know how old your daughter. is but over five that's what. he said well he said that. he's been oh not with the mom. for five years so that. would be so weird. if he said you know. my daughter she's over five. uh uh yeah yeah i i don't know. though like i don't know anything. about your exwife and or your daughter. for that matter but i i i feel like that sounds like the kind of person. that might take the the just the fact that you're noticing. and getting upset that might make her take it up. a notch yeah when you dicey this. is dicey when you yeah when you react. to somebody then it means that they got what. they wanted sometimes so i don't know. man i i just um this. is a tough thing man. this is why it's hard. right this is why this. kind of shit's hard is like when you know. divorce and all that stuff. or baby mama i don't know. you were married. but um i guess you should you know. yeah maybe have a a delicate. conversation with your daughter though. because like of course like the worst. thing to do and this. is the worst and and this is the worst. and no matter what happens. with you and your lo and your baby. mom baby dad whatever it is. never [ __ ] talk [ __ ] yeah to. the uh to. about the other person to. your child that's horrible yeah. that's the worst that's the worst. thing you can do to. the child so you know i can't. control what she says but you can't control. what you said um and so just don't do. that but you can have a very delicate. conversation with your daughter i think. but i just you know. it's it's a it's a rough thing. dude i'm sorry you're going. through it just talk to. your daughter about like this. is not a replacement mommy. situation this is a totally separate thing. you'll never have a different. relationship with your mom and i would never want. you to anyway. but that's what the mom is. saying she's having a problem with like i don't want. this to be a replacement mom. right no i what i gather. i don't know okay but what i gathered. was when the mom is with the daughter. and she's like talking about how her daddy wants. a replacement mom is trying. to do that yes then yeah you have to. have the conversation with your daughter. yeah yeah got it yeah. that's rough bro jesus. man that's sad yeah sucks. for your daughter so much. i know uh okay uh okay from new jersey. doctor my name is jordan i am. a photographer a novice photographer i've just been the last couple. months um really loving it. taking pictures cool and uh the only thing. i have a little trouble. with is people because people make the best subjects. and sometimes somebody has a really unique. look and i want to. ask them to take their picture. for my portfolio and just do build experience. um but i'm a little hesitant because i think it can probably come. off as creepy like if i just total stranger. go up to somebody who has to. take their picture that face um so i'm just wondering if you guys have any advice. to ask total strangers. if i can take their picture in the least creepy. way possible um by the way. my stuff is on instagram. jofo underscore hollywood okay jofo underscore. hollywood all right let's check it. out all my photos thanks guys. you're the best once until now has someone plugged. them so yeah that's actually crazy. yeah yeah um and when you call. in don't do that but but we'll look. at it but but so he uh is a photographer is this. what you do i'm going. to judge your stuff right. now though bro but okay tell them what to. do this is what you do. you walk up to. the people with your instagram you say this. is my stuff i'm a photographer or just pictures. you've taken this is the stuff. i do i'd love to. shoot you oh that's a good. idea so this way it's not it. doesn't seem creepy it's you. know i also think well he treats. the hell out of him. dude uh i mean same. thing twice same thing. three times so i mean those are definitely wild. damn uh sagrani what i would say. also to granny that's great. but to be clear. to be like if you want. yeah a little bit more. to say you could say like uh. before you say anything. you could be like look obviously feel. free to say no. but right yeah right. yeah that's good go go. to some of them. feel free to say no. right but like um a game boy. dude go back a game boy. took a picture of the game. boy said novice dude. that looks so much like a game boy. it is it's the best. it's the phone case wow. yeah i'm such an old guy. well that's of nothing so look. keep going uh that's cute. so that's the best picture. you took yeah and it's the people just like you said yep. they're gonna take pictures of people's faces yeah. just walk up to. them show them this don't. show them that one show. them this and just be like look i take pictures. this is stuff i do can i shoot. you yeah that's it i think that's the least. creepy thing i do think with this. that's a good picture that. is a good picture i do. think that with the grainy stuff it. is a little bit creepy. show i'm showing the less green. granny stuff show them stuff with there. we go there we go. someone's facing it period. yeah there we go. not that one your face. counts i guess but no it does a selfie. that is indeed a selfie. yeah yeah dude look you got something. there you go there you go. there you go show them that one. everybody wants to. look cool that the person looks cool. that's a good one that's a good. one too that's cool. dude that's great honestly. the ones with the people are the ones that are good of course. so so says he knows. that no i know right. i know that so so show. them that and and walk around. with pictures and be like this is the stuff. i want to. say yeah this is the stuff. i want to. do do you mind if i shoot your. picture yeah say yes great. do it i think you'd make a great. subject be complimentary of them. without being like a weirdo. person uh and yeah and then if they say no scream. out your loss and run. away and yeah something like that i think it's great. good job you keep going. though running with those gear. and his game boy. um i think yeah that's cool. i'm glad you're having a good. time doing that man people need to. find you know you don't need to. find your passion you don't like like we talked. about this a long time. ago i think maybe you said it. on the solo episode you were talking. about you don't need a passion. oh yes i agree yeah. um because i watch this. episode because i'm a good person. i'm a good brother um but uh yeah. you don't need to. find your passion but if you did that's great. and right now it's a hobby. and that's cool but it you know. you never know when a hobby. turns out to. be an actual thing you build your. portfolio and that's it it's on and popping. dude do exactly what i said. do exactly what i said. about the thing i also be good for you. one last thing about you jordan i think that there. was something early on. in what you were saying. that and i really appreciate it. and i think more people should take take note. of this he said i'm a photographer without caveat. then he continued to. explain more but it wasn't a caveat. it was just more of a description. yeah yeah i said i'm a novice yeah. because you just started that. is a good attitude. he yeah it is a good. attitude wants to. be a photographer and the only way to. be a photographer at the beginning. is to say you are. one and take pictures it's affirming. yeah you have to. just believe it's like you know. all the time in la. i hear people that are like you. know i'm trying to be a writer yeah it's like no. don't do it you are. a writer or a writer you know. uh you don't have to. get paid a hundred grand per. script to be actually called. a writer it's like a [ __ ] bar you made up you know that's why that's why. i walk around and say i'm a singer. i sing all the time. and it doesn't matter i don't get paid. for it in a way. i do because i sing almost. every podcast [music] of us. releasing lifeline luxury. patreon dot com luxury. we drop june 4th. um two episodes a month. or uh uh over 30. minutes at least two episodes. a month uh i am on. tour christilia dot com. if you have a question go to. watch lifeline dot com or call 2139738095. you want one but oneonone advice. with your boy that would be me. go to matalia dot com. and get the help you need and lifelimage dot com. is we're all a hot merch. is you get that purple. purple and uh yeah and also leave a comment dude that really helps us leave a comment for the algorithm. share it with your friends. try to get people involved. in the show we love you. man thank you very much. guys [music] 