 she's beautiful funny we really get along. well and i really like her except for one. thing oh boy she is. a horrible kisser kissing is a really important. part of any relationship and church. i kind of take a more uh simple. and surgical approach to. french kissing so surgical patrick. baitman dude runk hell hello. hello [music] hello hey hey dude it's lifeline it's lifeline wow the worst starting of any show we've ever done. it's lifeline it's lifeline why do people say. they hate arrowhead water. so much dude i don't know they say it's trash. water people act like it's trash. water like it's like aquafina or something. aquafina is trash water. you know how i know that. because i one time accidentally threw a big. piece in one of those big trash. bins a big piece of what just a big. furniture yeah a big. furniture and i threw it. and i don't know if this. is dumb that i didn't think. about this ahead of time. or whatever but i felt real. dumb okay i didn't like very. quickly turn my head you didn't. very or have a mask. on yeah so what happened. is it went in and just all this. detrus of like years years. worth of garbage however well the bin's been there. for like [ __ ] years and the [ __ ] all over the bottom of it that god knows when the last time it was like cleaned and it just comes just and it went in my face. i almost threw up for like 3. or 4 days i was like the memory of it. was like this is disgusting. anyway that's what aquafina tastes like so because that's what aquafina. tastes like that's why tast cuz i've tasted. both oh that's what it. tastes like yeah yeah trash water. oh my god that's so gross. there's like a metallic trash. taste that i get when i drink aloh. no no no no sorry danani do the same. okay well that explains it. then yeah now why is your um why. did you not know to. not move your face. that's weird when you first asked. me about what i meant. when i said that. it sounded like you were like confused. as to why i would have thought. to do that no no no no no that's why. i asked you cuz i'm like well surely. this is not what you mean. cuz you would turn your f. i didn't though i didn't and i paid. the [ __ ] price dude. fog graphin price did you think you were. going to die. no no no no it did go. in my eyes and nose. though it was like in my body. you know what i'm saying it. wasn't like a a whiff i caught e. it was like it got in me you know. what i mean wow. that's disgusting it was in fact. just thinking about it i'm like really. wow yeah yeah so wait so that. to that you feel like that's what a hint of danani water. tastes like wow and have you had you had danani before that. yes i so when it hit you were you like that's like the water. onand dude such a lawyer. right now wow wow uh when it hit me. no no no no no no no not until the next. time i had it dan. was i triggered dude that's hilarious. yeah the and aquafina are i are they really the same. thing i don't know if they're the same. thing i think one's by cocacola. okay maybe they both are but everything's by. cocacola spr's by cocacola dan. is the worst one i would say. okay aquafina is bad anything. other than those two are fine. i don't have like you know. what you know what dude. and some people are like dude. yes and some people like i have no idea. we talking about if you drink. a bottle of fiji water. it it smells doesn't taste. like but the smell is that of very. strong paint it smells. like a [ __ ] paint store when they're mixing paint. right in front of your schery dude. i'm telling you it. is so when you lift it. up you smell it that's what it. smells like but it doesn't taste. like that take the top. off yeah yeah yeah put the top down. bring the bottle with your arm. and hand bring them both. close to your mouth. as it gets closer. and closer you think oh where are people. painting things then when you get it. close to your mouth. you think oh this bottle was formerly used as a paint can and then you drink it. and when you remove the bottle you realize oh. it's not the water at all. it's the thing i just put in my face. which is plastic which is a feij. you bottle of water. is this from sh. you go is this water. from sherwin william sherman william. what is it sh. sher sherwin williams swing. is this from schwing williams look. guys this is life. line and uh this one airs on. june 25th which means i. will be in las vegas. coming up and i will be in knoxville. and charlotte and also uh butthead buttheads gosh. i keep saying the f. word yeah what what's wrong. with you man you know what what is. it i got a few things wrong. with me i don't know. what they are but i'm working on. it and i'm aware of. it so don't come at me. i will be in las vegas. i will be in charlotte. i will be in knoxville. little rock arkansas that's the one. uh nashville can't wait calgary edmonton ottawa. mon mon that's what we say. montreal but jamaican when you just said. man just man a man. so go to chris dot com. to get those tickets. um we have a patreon here at lifeline. and we've got some episodes. out lifeline luxury patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. that is no video submissions that's just me. and my brother uh and they're fun. shows uh they're actually some of the funnest. so go on over there. and sign up uh it's and you can. also access the backlogged. episodes we already have a few. of them on there go. to watch lifeline dot com uh or leave us a message. message at the number and um if or click. a link in the description. below hey you could do that. too yeah yeah true. you could do that um we've got the hot. merch the lifeline merch lifeline merch dot com and if you really want to. get down and dirty into. the weeds into the serious. neurosis of the amydala and such and such you. can book a oneonone advice. session with me your boy. pimping pimping b about it bab baby booyah booah and booyah the most boring guy mat. thank you very much uh here's the deal. also you know what be great. leave a comment actually leave a comment i want to. know cuz i i do sometimes. look at the youtube comments. what i want to. know what uh i want to. know what turns you want no. bad i want to. know what no want to. know no i want to. know what waters tre me. like a dog getting deeper. and deeper i want to. know what waters for you. you you don't like and what waters. they're all going to. say arrowhead and i know that i know that. and i get that besides arrowhead because i get it. i i don't i i genuinely don't i don't understand. no no i like arrowhead yeah. um like i like it on the on the level. that i like crystal gazer and evon like the good. ones you know poland spring. is so good that's like the arrowhead of of the east. coast poland spring regular water spring. in regular water no like i only think of uh carbonated. was anything think oh yeah regular water. yeah it's uh p spring. in new york was what i always drank. cuz it tasted the most like arrowhead cuz they don't have. arrowhead there right when i lived back. in new york when i liveed the east my you. know my mind my heart is in new york. but i believe in new york. and um no but so wait there. was something i need new york. dude no i said i believe new. york i knew someone. who said i need new. york so that person is terrible. i agree they also went to. locking of high school. do you know what i mean. oh jeez and then two years. later they're like ah i need new york. oh that's terrible and i was like h. i need to slap you man. you know what i mean. yeah that's violence we don't condone that. but there is something i wanted. to say and now i don't remember and i'm pissed. so so what do we do about that. so i'm pissed i am it. was interesting too god damn. it couldn't have been that interesting. no i hate when people say. that you know what i hate. when they say well if you can't remember it. wasn't important yeah no but what you're so. wrong about how brains work. when you say that you like might no. the person saying it so insecure. i thought i was talking about you uh you might as well just say because that. is your level of intelligence. adam s you know. what i mean though. yeah you're you're that dumb so. it' be easier to. just go michael jackson uh because that is your intelligence. level and we'll all understand. that that is your intelligence. level quicker if you just say y all right dude you know that's so annoying but it's quicker. you know i like when people are up. front okay it's like when people are like i'm not when people are like i'm not funny. it's like better than someone. who makes a joke. and expects you to. laugh and they're not funny. people that know themselves. are better well yeah of course so that's why. people who are dumb should. do that nobody really there are very few. people who think they're not funny. which is crazy i know. right yeah i' like to. see try to. stand up people think they know what's funny. i' like to see. him trying to. stand up i kill it. i kill it wow that. was too fast what you said. i don't know what it was. i'd like to see him. try and do stand up. i kill it i kill. it is what i said oh remember. uh should we talk about it. or our family member oh how he's good at making bread. no oh no i mean that's that. would be so boring like hey we have a cousin. that's amazing at making bread. no the other cousin. well that just happed our third cousin. not going to mention any names. don't mention the name. butab it yeah said what you tell the story it. happened to you me. why do i i was in we were in a basement. we were in a basement. were you there yeah yeah were there. we were celebrating grandma. daddy's 90th birthday oh that's and everybody. went back to where she's you know. where she lives and we threw this. big birthday party and the whole extended family. was there and one of them. cornered chris were you there. i was standing right there. oh you were so i was there. i thought i you weren't. there and i was like i got to. get out of here i got was a different. oh wait i thought you meant. on a whole trip. you mean was i there physically. in the space with you yes. yes i was yes so then both is yes so it doesn't matter. to to specify yeah but i thought you were talking. about a different trip. that i actually didn't go. on and i thought maybe you were like were you there. in total there's no reason. to be that mad at me. right i'm [ __ ] pissed because it was obvious right. so um so okay so loud it won't be on the microphone. so no one will know you know. i'm not crazy secure they'll. see your reaction it was good well. and unless they're just listening to. it which will be the worst. then it's they'll see your reaction working. off two guys little little guys. and it was goody. what's up uh uh small people so um anyway third. base coach so go ahead. back and forth i'm giving the sign. to the audience so um they were we were in a basement. there was like an i don't even want to. say what family member it. was but it was an older. person because i don't want to. you know yeah in cas they listen. yeah and she was smoking. i guess we were there. for a break i was down. there i was smoking you were smoking. with me she was smoking. too that's why we were down. there though i wasn't smoking. i don't smoke you came with. me man but but you said you were smoking. with me i said you were i was smoking. you were with me. is what i said now. stop yelling at me and tell the story i'm not yelling. but so um she was there. and she was smoking and she was like oh yeah. you were there now i remember it. she was like um you know. everyone always told me. and one of my dream jobs. and what a thing i could always do but it's just like you. know i would always be really good. at it you know. what it is and i was like w. here it comes cuz i knew. m i said what she goes. like this stand up. actually what she said was the smoking. happened but she said standup. comedy stand up in her thick. in her thick east coast. accent yeah i'll never forget it. dude it was really. wild i like it's so weird. to say i could have done. standup comedy because it's insulting. too well it's like if i went up. to randy johnson and i was like you. know what i could do pitch. yeah it is insulting but um or you go. up to david you know. what i could do eat a lot. and get fat you know. what i can do have the most massive. head in the entire universe. insulting but i don't get insulted. by it cuz i don't really i know i but recognizing it's insulting. doesn't mean you have to. get insult i but it opp it. is insulting so so but it it's so weird. because you it's it's one. of those things that you just you have to. it has to. be your whole life so it's not even. like do you have the talent. you you just the reason. why you're not a standup. comic is because you're not a standup. comic you don't have the drive. to do that you also didn't do. it i i know it's the weird. the real reason you're not the biggest reason. you're not is cuz you never did. it it's the weirdest thing. cuz nobody says like you know. i could have been a surgeon. like it's just it's standup. comedy that's the thing i always thought think they do. that with entertainment positions as. well acting they think that they think they do. but but yeah i guess they do yeah. they do yeah singer. yeah they do that singer. for sure yeah to. be loved oh what a feeling. to be loved n nish. uh all right should we go. should we do yeah i forget. what i was going. to say about the thing. something about waters. and then something else happened. and i'm pissed off. doesn't matter uh all right. all right let's go. into it here we go. what's up you guys i. have a simple but important. question for you i've been tanning. recently take that out of your nose. no okay sorry didn't make might be a cultural. thing and now we're racist. all right [ __ ] i was racist [ __ ] it's okay what's up you guys i have a simple but important. question for you i've been tanning. recently at the pool okay. at my apartment complex now. you can imagine the uh the commenters. that come on a daily basis. and i'm trying to. get my tan on right. now it's come to. the point where i have a oh god. huge tan line over. down where my package resides. okay and um i've been pondering getting a speedo. to minimize the amount. of uh blank canvas if you will. we get it i mean. the terminology and i'm trying. to optimize my tanning gains. so would that be the most [ __ ] thing i could do or should i get a speedo. thank you guys i remember the thing. that i was going. to say wow okay so let's this. question is great i take back. the thing about the nose. about i think it looks good. on him it actually does you look. look cool um i remember the thing. before we get into. it okay go ahead i was at the gym. okay i was working out. you know as i do my i was getting. my back all nice something. like that doing squats. something like that is right. but i mean my [ __ ] was getting like i was sweaty cuz i get into. it oh were you getting yoky. doodle dand on your legs so um i take that joke. right from me can't really. do it anymore. so but um that's okay you know. you went some lose. some but that was more. of a tie so um going. to lose sleep over it you know so sleeping. hasn't been so good lately. but so uh actually last two nights. were good anyway i'm getting. sidetracked so uh let's reel it. in let's reel it in. what if i forgot again. story at the gym dude. forgot again so you be. me i do that all the time. what i do that all the time. i will be in the middle. of saying something completely forget. what it was completely. dude and then just be like okay. in my head i'm going okay. it's gone and and i'm like i don't want everybody. to know it's gone obviously so i'll just be like i'll do something like this. it's just you know oh wow. you know and then just pray for rain. you know just let then be like yes exactly. you know um and this guy was talking to. another guy walked by me and said straight. up and it i did. not hear it wrong. he said it depends on the different. advices he was going to. give us what yeah was did. you look it was arnold. schwarz [ __ ] no i and i looked and i was like oh he's going to. turn around and be like i love the show. right of course yeah kept walking. just said it for real. whoa yeah isn't that crazy. that he walked by me. and did that by the way. like like i heard that. how many seconds before you thought. it might be for you no. immediately oh oh really who the [ __ ] his advices well i mean arnold he was american this oh he didn't have an acccident okay yeah i if he had an accent i'd be like oh wow i wouldn't even think it was for us yeah i don't know people you know what i've realized because of this show people don't know how to. say the thing that they mean. when they come on the show. or ask me for advice. in oneonone they say. the advice i came to. you for and it's like no you don't provide. the advice you ask things. and i give you the advice. but that that's what they mean. so correcting them. is pointless they don't. mean right right matter you know. it's just like the way. people use the word advice. is wrong almost always they're probably. nervous well i make people nervous. and i and i frankly. i always have made people nervous. and it's just this glint in my eye. it's my vi it's my it's my vibe. it's just like i contain i. possess multitudes you're a menace i i obtain. i i [ __ ] contain multitudes. were you doing that i mean. i was getting frustated i [ __ ] contain multitudes. all right so um this guy is great. i am a big scito. guy he look you look. like you're in have a question. roughly you're in good shape not i'm being like you here. i think but like i i don't know if i fully understood the question. he's saying should i wear speedos. or not oh that's it. he's saying is it okay. to wear speedos at like. a i think he lives in an apartment. complex of course it is. okay and also like if you've got that nose thing. the man the speedo. is not going to. be the thing that people talk about right. it doesn't matter if you literally were naked. and had a ballpen hammer. swinging from the tip of your [ __ ] uncircumcised malovic. why you why you doing. it like that i don't know. dude i'm laying it down. today john makovic lays it down. and maybe i'm just feeling like i'm laying it. down you know anyway if you had a ball pen. hammer swinging from the tip. of your [ __ ] [ __ ] i would not be looking at that i would be looking at the thing in your nose and everyone else would too in the movie in the line of fire. john makovich on the phone with clint. eastwood deleted if you had a ball. ping swinging around your [ __ ] deleted scenes. um so what we did. here we cut this. one because john movich went off the rails. it wasn't quite you know. didn't quite make sense with with goldman's. script know who wrote i think you know who wrot i think it's somebody. william goldman wrote that yeah damn really i'm good. at that knowing things i know. things but more than uh they say he secretly wrote uh dog. day no he did write. dog day they say he secretly wrote um ben effle matt. damon oh they say it. was him secretly but that i think that's a conspiracy. but that's what they say. it's not a conspiracy. it's like a it's like an unconfirmed. rumor that's not quite a conspiracy. no it's that's a thing. people a while and they just don't know who did. it i think why don't you think it. was them cuz they never wrote anything. ever that's that's why what i think. happened is they wrote the script. and harvey was like this. will be a giant moneymaking machine. if only it was a good. script so then he was like i'm going. to hire a ghost. writer who is the man. pay that writer a million. dollars but in that payment. right right make sure they don't keep credit. you know interesting uh because you know. made those guys start huh. that could if that if that's what happened. that could not have worked yeah. better no way even close. like that is the greatest. possible one in a million possible. i know crazy right anyway. yeah uh yeah speedos are. totally okay um you know. i also the speedo. thing it's like people are already looking at you. with making comments put a speedo. on dude like just spread your keep going. keep and next time. only wear a condom yeah. just a condom be like sorry. i'm trying to get the tan. maximized only and then uh either another condom. magnum which is the ones i'm familiar. with if you need advice. let me know yeah cuz you need those. those are the ones that go in your butt. right and you put them around. your balls which are bigger than typically. the bigger than your dick. and then so you have two condoms dangling um that's it. that's that's what i got for you. wor therapist all right. next hi matt hello hi. chris also didn't even want to. say just saw you in salt. lake so she did so good okay. rewind it i want to. see how she did it. like that i want to. see how she did it. like that i want to. see vince vaugh she she did. like she did like me. because she went to. see me so let's not say hi. matt okay hi chris yeah dude it was like she was disappointed. saw salt lake but she wasn't looking. so good she's making up. for her now she making up. for we had the best time. ever so for she my uh question. okay i'm in this mom. group text in my neighborhood. text that i don't want to. be in oh and i've asked politely. to be removed from this. group text yeah three different times oh i know. what happened and they won't do it. and i can't leave the text. message you know how you can go in and leave i can't. what whoever created it has to. remove me oh that's hilar. uh what do i do. i've asked three times over. the last like two months. keep getting caught in this. group t dud that's so funny. i i i didn't know you cannot. how do i do it. without being rude. how do i ask yet. again thanks for your time. well you've asked there's a great. end shot there the you you you you asked. politely three times right yeah yeah that's very weird. it's like a black hole. once you pass the line. of no return you just can't. get out it's like that's that's not how it's supposed. to be it's like the mafia. is what it's like it's like once. you're in your in for life. i feel like what happened. is that um i feel like what happened. is checking your [ __ ] stats. you know i wasn't dude. i was trying to. think of the i was trying. to think of the term. event horizon but i didn't even need my phone. baby baby why were you trying. to think of the term. she passed the event horizon. and is now stuck in the black. hole and can't get out. that's why you were on. your phone yeah but it didn't need to. be so but the [ __ ] mafia thing was better. anyway no no mine's better. cuz it's smarter yours is. better cuz it's dorkier. no well it's smarter. mafia is better cuz i'm like a real [ __ ] alpha yeah you're a [ __ ] thug and they're stupid and they go to. jail scientists and geniuses get laed and lionized. no they go to. jail too look at the [ __ ] uh bernie mid off and the girl who did the [ __ ] he's not a scientist. dude he's a [ __ ] a genius though uh i think what happened is you asked maybe okay let's put it this way you've asked three times. so maybe one time it got buried. yeah give give it a great. period of one time it got buried. maybe two times it got buried. but maybe not maybe the second time. some people saw it and was like oh it's not up. i can't remove them. may i think the person who started. it just maybe hadn't seen it. text whoever started it text. them and be like yo please take me off. the group chain cuz here's the problem. if you the the people who keep going back. to that group even if they take you. off or then or even if they start. a new one mh when they go. to type it in the thing. for the search the old one's going. to come up and you're going. to get those text so you have to. go to the person who started. the text and say you got to. take me off this thing this. way this text this. way when any when ever anybody texts. from that you won't get it. i took it as a given that she went. to the person who started. it but maybe you're right. no maybe she didn't she probably just said dropped. the text and dude. dropping a text on a chain. of nine people the chances. that even three of them. see that text are low. you know what i mean. like on an average it's like two. or three probably see it. i'm on several threads. like that cuz i have a lot. of friends and work work associates and stuff. like that so like i have a lot. of big big big text. change with a lot of people on have a big. social network and so i don't it's like i don't always see. the things and i miss out on conversations. and then like 100 texts came and i'm like i don't. know what somebody said 20. minutes ago and i'll never know cuz i ain't. scrolling right dude i scrolls i was on a text. chain i went to. i i i didn't look at it. for a few hours like i was just in the living. room and [ __ ] like with my family dude. i picked up my phone later. 298 texts on one text. chain oh i've i've had that i've i've had that i swear. to god up to. like 450 there's just one text. i'm ones that is and has been going on. for like 12 years or something. with three other of my best. friends and it's i'll leave my phone. sometimes for 30 minutes. and i'll come back there's 400. texts oh my god how many how many what people four. total oh my god yeah so it's just three people doing. that yeah um so yeah so that's what i would do. if not though you got to. drive over to the person. that's the thing if that person if you go. directly to that person and they still don't. do it you got to. say when's a good time. to come to you i'll you i'll you wherever there. you go you'll hand me. your phone you can look over. my shoulder make sure i don't do anything nefarious. mhm and you'll see how also i'll teach you how how to. get rid of some it. it'll be a lesson it'll be good for everybody. i'll give you a free. lesson on how to. use your phone better that's it. want a free lesson yeah. text that exactly of what text. removal yeah no just say do. you want a free lesson. and then then they say for what say it's free. who doesn't want a free. lesson get them to. say yes before they know. what it is you know. you want a free lesson. what is it it doesn't matter. you want a free lesson. everyone want something free. sure ding dong you're already out. there all right so um yeah that's good. that's good advice and thanks. for coming to the show. in salt lake that one. actually was a special one. thank you also sometimes don't bypass. it what i said but yeah sometimes. you just got to. be mean oh that is true. people don't allow you the respect. of being nice then you have no. choice but to. be mean they're not giving you a choice. and you know how you have you know. who you actually have to. tell this to a lot. people from utah and she was. in saltt lake city because utah. is full of smiles okay. and okay yeah oh hi. oh everyone's great oh we wait. ohio or utah she said oh. no i don't like that i liked. it i liked it i didn't like it. and i knew you wouldn't like it. that's why i was smiling. and nodding before you even. said to get the positivity. out of it before. i even got the negativity. go [laughter] ahead what a dumb. [ __ ] thing you know yeah well all right you know all right next okay what is up. deah brothers i'm coming at you live from new york city. a beautiful guy with a pretty. tough dilemma i'm in about. 3 weeks and we've been on about started. over matt talked over it so beautiful. look at him dude it's like he's a painting in the 16th century. why is he rewinding it. and not just why don't you just he doesn't know. how to do it. dude yep mako didn't tell. him it's mako's fault. not not his anthony what is up. de leah brothers i'm. coming at you live from new. york city with a pretty tough dilemma. i'm in so i've been dating. this girl for about three weeks. and we've been on about three. dates um and she's great. she's beautiful funny uh great. in bed we really get along. well and i really like her except for one. thing oh boy she is. a horrible kisser uh she kisses. with her mouth fully a gape sticks her. tongue down my throat really. just doesn't know what she's doing. in that regard nice so i'm wondering. if at this stage in the relationship. about 3 weeks. one month in is it. okay for me to. to make a comment on it. and maybe try to. culture on it a little bit or should i break things off and try to. find a woman who sort of checks. all the boxes i mean. obviously kissing is a really important. part of any relationship and church. i kind of take a more uh simple. and surgical approach to. french kissing so um it's important. to me is a big. uh thorn in my side. so i would love to. on it and thanks. so much for the podcast guys thanks. okay first things first you're a beautiful. man second second thing you're a serial killer dude. uh so but ahead so why i i don't let me. first of all don't break up with her. you got to try to. change not but you don't want to. do it like a slide little devil. you just got to. say something like hey i i want to. try kissing in this one. way will you try. this me what do. you mean no i'm a master at this. okay no but but just be you don't want. to be like hey let me coach. you at a kiss that's so rude. and even if it you even if it's true. it'll alienate her and make her feel like a [ __ ] idiot you don't want. to even if like you don't want. her to think that because that's not. even true she just kisses. differently now that being said i've kissed. people who it's as if we learned. kissing on different planets. in completely different eras of of our. existence you pull away and she's green. with eyes she's holding her eyes. would be less of a surprise. than the the way this some people kiss. oh that makes sense yes some people kiss it's like the mars. attacks people like the jaw. just opens and then the tongue. is just like that's my style. disgusting so hot to. me it's like it's like ag it's like abrasive is what it. is yeah dude not not it's not. how people kiss but but but here's here's what you got to. wonder beautiful man here's what you. got to she's kissed. people before so theoretically those. people also kissed that way because here's what never happens. unless she's kiss some [ __ ] ass dud. but this never happened. you go to kiss somebody. and you the it's because it's your very first kiss. you're insecure you you match. the way they're doing it. because you don't know. how to do it. it's it's human nature of course. just like anything else you're going. to follow the person. who knows how to. do the thing at least in your mind. but answer the question. maybe that person that she learned. on was a terrible. coach terrible kisser terrible leader whatever. you want to. call it and ruined. her ability to. kiss for the rest of her life. now in this instance the reason. i painted this picture is that. so you have sympathy. for her and you don't want to. be like hey you kiss. bad let me show you you. want to be like hey you kiss. different than me can i show. you like the way that i do. it like it's it's like make it a thing. a fun thing now go say the wrong. thing that's not right go ahead. chris and go ahead and do the wrong. thing you you been talking too long. you did say the right. answer in there somewhere but not the point. i only said one thing. you said a bunch of different. things too correct cuz i i contain. multitudes it's true i mean. just [ __ ] gave up it's true. immediately i said one. thing no you didn't you're right. i said mul in that. one thing there are many budding. flowers of other things is a scientist. so aist so i got it. i said it first so i i got it. i didn't need you there. w um i've got two ideas. that you might want to. explore one is dude. it's probably not true but make sure you're not the bad. kisser yeah but how do you do that. the only way you do that. he got he's got great. looks and the lips. and so i doubt. it's the him but also sometimes. the best looking people have the least. clue how to. do anything because everybody's been too afraid to. correct them and also they don't. have to cuz they're just hot. right sure but that's another reason. why they would be afraid to. have to it's like nobody even approaches them. about how they do it. because it's like they're sexier. than me even though. that guy's not sexy than me. but josh lman so not to. me but so um so what you should do. is not what matt said. what you should do is when you're kissing say. hey hey hey whatever it is say you want. it to slow down. or whatever slow down slow. down boom get in and then you know. what i mean the reason. i wasn't looking is because i knew you. were going to do. something or or hey. hey i got this aolo hey hey hey hey hey heyo hey he he playing a game. boy playing game boy a sailor a sailor game. boy so dumb so so um you have to. make sure that you're the lead. here you can't say hey i want. to try which is what matt's [ __ ] ass. said or hey should we do it. like this which is what matt's [ __ ] ass. said you got to. say hey check this. out hey slow it down speed. it up do like this. open your mouth let me. check it out like this. a dentist [laughter] um so so um that. kind of thing yeah and also then make sure uh deep. in your mind that uh it's not you but but but that i don't. know damn those things make me laugh. so much yeah too but that kind of humor. that i don't think that's like inherently. not the right it's hot. right here in here woo. we're in the summertime here woo. it's 150° yes dude. so go ahead uh i [ __ ] forgot oh oh you you aren't it's not that you're wrong. it's that i'm more right. right so like you could do what he said. i actually believe that you you. could try that but like there's something. like sex insincere about that. sex that's you're trying to. be sexy in no no you're not you know. what you like and you're letting her know hey this. what she would want anyway by. the way she'd rather that. no see i this is this. is the part only part. we disagree on i think it's better. to be like inviting instead of commanding. right no i don't think so yeah. and that's clear and that's why. my advice is better okay. do you want to. do the next one well. i'll just do the next one. i guess different advices. hey matt hey chris so i have a question. regarding sending nudes for money. i'm just gonna jump right. into it oh boy. so i have this anonymous. person who had dmd me a few. years ago asking for feet. pictures i knew it. i apparently i know this person i went to. school with this person he uses an anonymous account. so i i don't know who the person. is so he offered $50. for feet picss and of course i without hesitation. sent them thank you time. went on the request got a little more and more detailed. sl explicit yeah so i guess. my question to you is if you were by. the way i'm in a relationship. if you were in a relationship and your significant. other was receiving these messages. from an anonymous person. asking for either cheet pcks nudes videos. of me peeing oh. boy um my face is not in any of these photos i just want. your opinion so in our relationship. we have developed a lot. of trust so there's no way. that this exchange has gone. beyond like an internet communication. okay but i get paid. a couple hundred dollars. it started with $50 for. the feet pick and then i don't want to. get like too explicit. i don't want you guys. to get uh shadow ban but wow. another one was like a photo. of me and leggings. with a camel toe with my camel. toe showing right um and then recently he asked. for a video a lot. more explicit but that's i kind draw. the line with some of the all right. we're both oh my gosh i can't. even like fully finish. i draw the line. at some of his requests yeah. either way my question is would you feel comfortable. if you were in a relationship and your girlfriend. fiance or maybe even. wife was sending pictures for money. if you guys are trying to. pay for a house. yeah and what you guys. are trying to. pay for for house. here's the thing i don't here's the thing. i don't think so it's actually rather. clearcut to me you shouldn't. necessarily be opposed to. doing it but because it's because everything. you just said is the truth. you should just involve your husband. or boyfriend or whoever and say this. loser lunatic wants me. to send him pictures. of my feet and like my [ __ ] outside my leggings. i think that's that loser. you're going to pay. for nudes whatever but it's like some pathetic guy that like she knew well that's the weird. thing to me is like. if it's somebody you knew then it feels. like he's getting off on he knows. you and you don't know. him and like he's making you do. stuff even though you are married. or in a relationship and uh this is why you involve the husband and then you take ownership of it. what i'm saying is you don't. even have to. be like h hey i have something. to conf i mean you've already done. it too much so that's i understand. that's a problem but what you should. have done is after feet. pick been like wait a second that. wasn't the right thing i should have consulted. whatever that wasn't the most trustworthy act go. to him and you should have gone. to him and said hey we can make a little extra. money are you comfortable. with this if the answer is no then you don't. do it yeah yeah but if the answer is yes which it could very well be again. if you're trying to. buy a house every dollar counts. right yeah but she was asking us. if we'd be comfortable with that and my answer. is no absolutely not no. no no no no if that's the question. not even at all if i learn. that about my partner. i i mean i would just be like i would be so. mad at her yeah me too i would be so mad. so would i you know. if they were sending even feet. picks i'd be like what are. you doing i wouldn't be so mad. if it was just feet picks like if if kristen came to. me and she was like dude. some guy offered me i mean. she would never do this. for $50 but i don't know. if she would but she was like $50. for feet picks i well it. would be so weird. so i would be like for $50. like so she if she was like got give me five grand. for feet picks yeah i'd be like why. did you do this. and not tell me about. this i wouldn't have thought that. about the feet anything. beyond the feet if beyond. the feet the way. people are about fe. beond the feet the foot fetish. is so absurd and disgusting. to me i don't even. consider it sexual it's so ludicrous. it's like if somebody wanted my girlfriend. to like pay her like like you said five grand. for feet pick of her. feet she did it and then didn't tell me. i wouldn't even think a thing. about it i just be like good job. you got five grand but i mean. then there's pictures of her vagina. that's a totally different camelto. yeah that's not yeah yeah i agree i agree i agree actually. beyond the feet yeah beyond. the feet starring michael kane and toby. maguire wow worst movie. of all time both of those people. in cider house rules. yeah movie i i was imagining they were in a house. and talking about you can't keep sending pictures. of js your feet. right most boring movie ever just them. to wait lne to. see that movie um all right. directed by yes so we would care a lot. daren aronowski and let me tell you something. else so would every other guy. so like yeah yeah and also so would every other woman. no no nobody's cool with that. and you know what i think. you know that because the part. that you laughed at was. right when it was like it. was like you knew the answer. that we were going to. give you and deep down you know. the answer that you think obviously. that's not cool yeah i'm not saying. you're like a [ __ ] up person no no no cuz here's the deal if you're gna go to. your husband boyfriend whatever and say hey listen. i [ __ ] up yeah uh this guy offered me money for feet. picks i thought nothing of it. cuz it's just feet one. thing turned into. another i i i got caught up. in this stupid thing. i send him pictures of me. and leggings i i i know it's dumb. and i feel really badly that. if if my wife came to. me like that yeah exactly. i would be like hurt. but i would i would be very more. i would be way more. empathetic and understanding but if if you're like dude. what if it's her husband i thought the same. thing you thought that before. me i did yeah i thought it. while she was talking i was like it's her. husband you are dude. uh for even she just says it. and he's like i know exactly. shows are the pics you know uh then he'd be the [ __ ] [ __ ] and then i'd be like hey leave that relation right now um all right so you have a bunch of answers and a bunch of hypotheticals and a bunch of uh good advices from us yeah that was a good question great question and we get why you want it to. be anonymous yep polish stephen. soderberg what's up chris what's up. matt uh congratulations chris on the new addition to. the family thanks dude um congratulations. matt on keeping your life. a secret you guys are. sick uh let's get thank you. for noticing um a really good friend. came to me and he's been having problems. with his best friend. of like 14 years it's a while. ago his best friend. was being his ex he dated this girl. for like 5 years and then his friend. started seeing her and really messed him. up but what so he found out. it didn't work out and then he kind of started. talking to him again. well now he just found out he's now. dating his most recent ex. oh dude are you and he's like just he's going. to lose it he was trying. really hard not to. show it like i could tell it. was what is with other. guy uh i didn't really know what to. say all i said was did you ask him. if your weener tasted good. okay just try to. make him laugh but okay. yeah hopefully you guys can give me some. much better advice to. give him all right. thanks guys dude. that's what is up. with this other guy uh i mean. that's like yeah the guy's just got a real. big problem right the other guy. the guy that's doing yeah. uh the other guy's like trying. to still be friends. with him and letting him back. in like that's the normal. yeah that's [ __ ] up that dude. is [ __ ] up that guy's terrible. dude people like i know people like that everybody. knows people like that whether they realize it. or not they know people like that but like dude. that is not me nobody [ __ ] that is a nobody that is a poison person. there are people like that that just like doesn't matter. i found that out doesn't matter. what's going on in their life doesn't matter. who they're friends with doesn't matter. what age they are they're made out. of [ __ ] poison bad people like this and honestly i don't like that. that i'm saying this but like you shouldn't even let that. guy back in if they did it. wouldn't be as good my [ __ ] dude. shut the [ __ ] up all right. i can see your balls. basically if you do the horizontal. with mamba with me i'm unforgettable dude. okay okay do you have advice. or you just want to. talk about that yeah i do find out. the guy x's and try to. have sex with them i mean. so petty no i mean dude. i don't that's drop that. dude you're saying fight him no no. drop him as a friend. uh no don't ever fight. someone like that's yeah you don't need that. kind of [ __ ] in your life. i mean obviously but i have buddy. i had a buddy that would try. and do that never was successful. cuz i like again i lay it. down same guy i know you're oh yeah yeah we know. i lay it down. i mean did tried to. me too really yeah that's a weirdo. huh yeah that's that's who i'm talking. about know more than one. person like that but i know who you're talking. about yeah i mean did it. to me did it to. me so you know i'm talking about someone i'm very very close to. your so i know very well um so yeah no i uh that's like you know. this is the kind of stuff. you know it happens but when you hear it. you're like what come on. um yeah that guy's got to. drop the guy the advice. is for him though you got to. tell the dude to. drop the other guy. well he's obviously going to. do that but i think i think you're yeah. he make sure that guy never is friends. with that guy ever again. but also like you have the right. instinct if you're trying to cheer him. up make him laugh. and highlight the absurdity of the situation. the the the the worst thing to. possibly draw from that is that that's how male friends. are because that is not true. most male friends would not. do that even in the first place. yeah let alone twice in a row. and the second time when you're patching. things up after the first time. like this guy's like a psycho like a psychopath. well he's probably get maybe he's even getting off. on it which is then it's like pa ted it's a kink. probably yeah which is so which is weird. cuz it's like that's an interesting. question is that like a homosexual. kink cu like the target. is the man no but that you're involving the man. but it's not a homosexual kink. homosexual is dick and butt. and that's it i mean i don't agree. with that yeah homosexual is dick. and butt well i know no. that's not a one to. one that means guy's like a homosexual. sex for men is a dick. in a butt yeah there. you go you can be homosexual. and not [ __ ] a guy though you want to. so that's what i'm saying. maybe weird circuitous indirect kink of this. guy where he's like he's getting off. specifically on hurting the guy. which i'm asking that's g. okay no that's just twisted. you know what if you saw my balls. you'd know so don't see like you. could see my balls almost i have shorts. on okay man all right. if you saw my balls you'd know. okay well that's actually true. of everyone's balls no one. are big would look at someone balls. and not someone's balls and not know. but my balls are big dude. that's not even good they're. so grotesca tius of the balls. yep cool man. like stan marsh when he's will will baron them. out around in that one episode. of south park dude. that show's so funny. it is okay what's up. we got one more um se what's up. chris mat i'm the real thor so i'm here onard and there's no way. that that's od is just being di adine [music]. song wow he did it. dude pause it lost his mind. my favorite part is because i said it. look at thor my favorite. part is people who have. not seen the episode where you're doing. that m then saw him do that. and are so clueless about what's going. on and hate this. guy because of it because if this guy no oh if i didn't see your [ __ ] though yeah and so i' be like this guy's a [ __ ] [ __ ] for doing this you feel the exact opposite like everything about him you would you would and start it over please anthony i think he deserves the respect he does he does he does unup for the she balls of it look he figured it out chris marker. never would have figured it out. yep mid episode anthony's. better m what's su chris and matt. just your off i'm just listening right. now and there's no way. that that song isn't oh a adam. lavine [music] song wow. it's really not lost his. so sexy he just said so handsome. handsome wow wow wow wow wow dude. wearing no pants that's the end. of the song i mean is that he there's no advice. he thinks it's actually adam. lavine who sing that i guess so yeah. he's suggesting the possibility. that's adam lavine while not knowing whether it really. is oh i thought then why is he doing. the i don't have any idea i thought maybe he thought. it was a real song. that does that maybe he does. maybe he does is there. a song that where adam. l said he said it. wrong so i'm pissed at him. no he just said the whole thing. wrong so i'm pissed he didn't say. it's that song by adam. lavine he said it sounds. like an adam lavine song. okay and like uh oh right. right right yeah he's writing adam. lavine love and life oh no. no no no that's the yeah no he lied. he lied he's a sexy. guy and he lied. okay dude go to. the next dude oh is that that's the next. guy a real guy let's do another one. [ __ ] scott wolf i mean dude. what up chris up. what up matt uh i have a question. that i need some a tik toer johnny. bravo and it is regarding. my roommate and i watch he does. this thing that drives me. crazy and it my hair. talks during the movie whether it's asking me questions. about the movie don't ask me. questions this is both of our first times. watching it yeah dude. i don't know the answer. that's funny or he's just making side. comments through the whole movie. so annoying also how a [ __ ] is it to. be on a bike. that's too tall for. you and you're trying to. get off well yeah you got to. do that thing on your tiptoes this. that's that [ __ ] just wanted to. bring that but yeah thank you advices. would be great apprciate y. he really understands sait he does. get sa [ __ ] but he doesn't. understand it that he would just say how [ __ ] is it he said how sabitch is it. and that's not right it's not wrong. it's not wrong it's not sy. some people say soa [ __ ] that's wrong. wrong it you just say. isn't it [ __ ] it's so [ __ ] when a guy does it but he he's got the right sense of what [ __ ] is he's right though i think he can say how the [ __ ] is all right e either in either case he's johnny. bravo because of his hair so yeah either. case he's scott wolf okay. so scott wolf plays. johnny bravo in the [ __ ] a24 film. so what does he say. what did he say it's called. bravo with scott wolf it's by. first thing him not you hey i just uh my my legs. are too small for my body. i mean no4 okay um what was his. question exactly oh talking through. movies oh yeah dude tell to. shut the [ __ ] [ __ ] up it's that simple. i i you know what i do. this is what i do. because christen will just you do that. man i do yeah. but i do it for the good. one i do the good. ones everybody thinks they do. the good ones but i also pause it. when i do it that's even. more annoying when someone out of without asking pauses. it what what you know. what kristen does dude it. will be like a whole scene. with no dialogue okay. and then a guy will go and then christ. will be like did you read. the email and i'm just like babe. he took a huge breath you. knew he was going. to talk and he didn't talk. for yeah dude it's so annoying. dude here's something that it's it's probably. so not true but it's something. i deeply feel and we probably never not. feel i feel like i know when to. talk and other people have no idea me too really. that's weird dude i i'm i'm like this. yeah yeah yeah me to. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah dull moment. establishing shot is that gu dave the guy. they were talking about driving. shot yeah that you talk then yeah. sequence you talk then yeah. you don't talk when people are like revealing. information it's insane yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah chicks be really doing. that it even bothers me. when i'm watching the mets and someone like there's big lws it's annoying. when anyone's talking when anyone talking keith. hernandez starts to. talk someone just like oh matt did. you and i'm just like yeah wait a second. i hate it i hate. it i hate it. um and then and then you seem like a dick. when you pause it and go back. they're like oh sorry talk. over my that's my move. though that's my move my move. is when does that i go. like this i i literally go like this. uhhuh so she knows what's up. but that's what i just said. yeah you said it's dick. when they when they act like they're put out when dick. on purpose good no i'm no. no no no no no no what. i'm saying is you when you do that. in your case christian if you were to. do that and christian's like oh i'm sorry. did i talk over the movie. i say yes that's dick. when they do that. but it's too late they already. they already committed the crime. she's already dick yeah if that. happened crime like a concurrent. additional sentence yes there you. go yeah yeah should go to. she should go to. jail for that well for a few. days yeah whatever a week no um ye. no yeah it's it's just it's it's talking. during movies is okay. it is okay just do it. at the right times have this conversation. with him if he's doing it. at the wrong times that's a crime. if he's not doing it. at the wrong times if he's doing it. when one guy's in a car. driving it's going to. be okay action sequence yeah. if he does it during ls that's on you. dude montage he's doing. it right yeah if he's doing it when there are lws there's the it's the art. of movie talking really but also what if he's just annoying. he might just be saying the guy's annoying. whenever he's he says his roommate. right yeah so then yeah you can't. not watch movies with him. so yeah you just you then do the thing. i did pause it. and turn to him. it'll take six hours to. watch the movie but yeah the guy's got to. know he'll get it okay. and and uh also there's i mean it's just yeah. i mean has he had the conversation. with him i don't know probably not he got be. like yo bro stop talking during the [ __ ] movie that's what i said first do that try that first yeah absolutely be like hey why are you always talking during the times we're supposed. to be listening to. something i'm trying to. watch love and live and it's not [ __ ] working most of the day you can say anything anytime you want why don't you just wait stop i'm doing calisthetics okay so yeah i i uh i agree it's horrible but the guy has [ __ ] bitching ass hair his hair was one of a kind as far as nonc cartoon humans yep his hair was tippy top and for that reason he's my best friend wow yeah i'm i'm gonna email him after this okay i'm j chris big fan love the podcast love what you guys do beautiful voice beautiful voiceis baby for long time thanks for last over the years thank you more just walking my son a wow look at that at that boy um so quick question for you guys my friend's here visiting and we're going through all the movies we watch when we were younger i'm 32 years old now so in our teens we used to. watch um your highness pineapple express get him. to the greek step brothers t. kns you know those kind mov comedies that push the boundaries other. the movies like and obviously now you don't get anything. like that um is there. a reason why is it the whole work. culture is it you know people just scared to. make you know movies. that push boundaries anymore i don't know. let me know your thoughts. um love you guys keep up. the good work see you thanks. buddy adorable son you want to. know movies that push boundaries look. at movies that were made before. talladega nice bro if that's what you're looking for go. further back don't look at stuff. now you want to. find [ __ ] movies with kahone mega. big nut sacks. you go back in time. you don't go to. the movie theater in 20233 everything. is made for as many people as possible. to go see it which means families. which means a 32y old man. is not going to. think it had [ __ ] kah i know literally like in the 80s. they make probably made a movie called. somewhere you know what i mean. that's not exactly i know. we have to that out. b that out but i'm just saying like they didn't give a [ __ ] no they weren't they weren't catering. to anybody they were just like we're going. to do well whoever i mean. there's all different kinds of movies. so it's true of comedies it's true. of action movies it's true. of dramas it's true. of horror you get just way. more wild [ __ ] being made because they don't feel like somebody's watching them over their shoulder telling them that everything they did is wrong or offensive or bad for this or bad for that everybody was kind of operating with way way way a way bigger leash he's 32 doesn't know this [ __ ] but like yeah but if you go back yeah it's insane just go further back dude don't don't bother and your kid will be better. off for it he'll see older. [ __ ] have a wider scope of like what's interesting. and like he'll a bigger cooler. brain and you know he'll be better. served but what he saying is a generational thing. too though there are there. will always be that when i was younger. things were better no matter. what happen but that's not even. what he's saying he's not saying that. no he's not saying that. well okay i mean i assume that's what he meant. but he's also objectively correct about movies. if you said it about life. in general sure that's what everybody. says about every generation. always but about that's just true. it's been slowly defanged. over the years to. the point now that even you know. like everything is either animated. a sequel or already. a popular book or video game. the the original stuff now. is like next to. zero and when it is adapted it's way. watered down you know. it's just like it's it's tough dude. but uh the good news. is you got like you know. a 100 years worth. of stuff made before. even the as which are the movies. you're talking about when they were made so just go backwards. man just look at like random. lists you find online. like what's the best of this. kind of movie what's the best. that kind of movie what's the most. like you know craziest comedy. like you know the movie your highness you know. like blazing saddles you want to. like i know i'm not talking i know but i am. i'm saying okay go ahead. uh yeah but like if you want crazy. comedies dude just like 7 blazing would straight up. never make that movie no. no way dude and if they did it. wouldn't be mel brooks who. made it yeah true. true um true yeah give be ben shapiro's company. um all right uh that's it. great thank you very. much lifeline dude uh i'll be in knoxville nashville. and uh charlotte and las vegas. let's go come through. little rock little rock arkansas uh get your merch. at lifeline merch dot com. sign up for our patreon. to get the extra shows. uh patreon dot com lifeline. lxury uh and uh leave a comment what water. you like what water is. the [ __ ] what what's wrong. with arrow but also the other bad. waters dan aquafina and what else yeah. arrowhead's not the worst water uh aquafina and danan or if you want a oneonone appointment. with me solve all your problems like that uh maga dot com. book your session now get that. merch what is it lifetime. merch dot com you already said. that i did do that. okay great get your merch. or else you hate me. thanks guys subscribe hello. hello hello please hello hello hello. hello 