 foreign lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional hello [music]. yeah isn't that crazy dude. we were like turning. off at least a couple minutes. ago yeah and he was like i'm turning. it off i know and it was still on. i know i'm just like what it. was crazy when you get the hoodie. yeah we started already oh and then the timer wasn't set. and oh [ __ ] now chris wasn't ready. either so so what turns. out turns out i'm the only real one do you know why big i had to. get up because it's cold because it's cold and um and and and uh they because the air. was on for too long. and they're just chatting like we're not doing. they're chatting like we're not doing. a show it's [ __ ] ridiculous and it's all good so i got my spin move mentalities hoodie. on there we go you do. and i'll probably get way. too hot in one. minute and everybody's real curious why why i'm not or i'm purple. you know you know so yeah. what the [ __ ] you said and the reason. is is because it's a weekend. on weekends i take the day. off oh okay what we're doing take off from. the purple all right well the show. recording on a weekend so that's all that. always is that's all they need to. know okay recording it on a weekend. but also got a new casing. it's purple so technically what is the weekend. but your phone's doing business. technically never stop you know what i mean. no but always on the clock. baby okay well see what i'm doing. yeah okay and guess what denver. yeah that's terrible okay guess what. denver i'll be there soon crystallia. dot com go on over. get your tickets denver. denver are coming out denver. coming to you live denver. did it denver and then also there's no other words. yeah tempe uh the whole tour. is going bonkers unbestankable and uh so go. to chrisley dot com. we added so many dates. it's [ __ ] ridiculous dates on dates doing uh midland. texas doing uh new york. you know doing new york. doing chicago we added a show. in san diego you know. so it's like crazy how it's going. seattle what the [ __ ] always doing portland it sounds crazy. yeah so it's you know. springfield wherever that is missouri. not crazy that's crazy let me get the orange. coaster because i got orange. on and i got orange. barrier i got an orange. area too thank you i'll use the blue. one all right it doesn't matter. though it does no i got green. and orange that's good because the perry is. green and orange yeah but it would be cool. if you if you mismatched it i don't like to. do that oh you want that. yeah well because i have the green. one okay see how good i am. of a brother yeah but it's not good. i don't like that i like when it's different. it's nicer no i used to. like give it back. then oh sorry it's like monochromatic. and now i like my [ __ ] you know popping. into we go in phases. okay life is a series of phases the worst. philosopher and who we are in one. of those phases is. not the same as who we are in. another one of those phases and that. raises the question who are we who am. i who are you [laughter]. uh and these are these are just the the the musings of a uh you know. regular old uh regular old guy um you know. what i was thinking. about just now when you were doing that. yes i spark thoughts often is when you're in college. uh uh and can you just record. the professor with your phone. like is that allowed. yeah i don't know and then also you can just not. go to class and have another person. recorded and then just airdrop it. to you oh for sure. i mean i passed classes. in college i didn't even go. to because i just had i was able. to go online and see what the [ __ ] happened in class oh wait but not because video because of like uh what do you call streaming uh no uh streaming no there was like powerpoints you could access that he didn't during the class. oh so it was just like screenshots why. are you cutting me off. when i'm just telling you the thing. that it is okay. it's a powerpoint presentation that. he would use to. guide each class and you could click through it. because he posted it on the class. website was it a video no okay no it was called. the origins of christianity why. did i take that class. because i'm smart no. that's not why you took the class. it kind of is the class. helped you because i was smart. enough to choose. to take it and then i got even smarter. at the end all right. well watch lifeline dot com to. get your spin move mentality. hoodies yeah look how pimpin. pimpin he is in that um i let's stop saying. no i won't do it. also go to madelia dot com. for your uh advice sessions tuesdays. and thursdays from 1 30. to 5 p.m pacific time. booya booyah and booyah okay. you know where i'm gonna be not three. different things um cheyenne. i've never been to. cheyenne wyoming have you no but you sound like cheyenne. that's what they do in cheyenne. hey so [ __ ] dude i was always hunting. i watched i watched uh uh you know. the show eraser the show or the movie. a grandma such a grandma. you know the program. program eraser i love it at the same time. you know killing me. i have it but but just because our grandma. used to say. program a lot of grandmas we used to. watch hunter in bed. with our grandma and she would call it. we can't miss our program. so no but i'll get in bed. with her it's creepy. uh no but we we would watch golden girls. and then hunter would come on. right we would just happen. to watch hunter but we were watching. golden it was golden girls. and then empty nasty and. then oh yeah dude do you remember how um light that her. top blanket was i don't it was so crazy. light like lightweight yes it was actually there. were holes in it. like it was like oh so poor you know. no but yeah and she wasn't real. maybe she was she wasn't yeah. she just probably hand made it. because she was so [ __ ] old you know i don't know but uh i always thought about that later on cool. that's not interesting so uh yeah. no but uh what are we talking about. um uh which is the hunter. and then uh golden girls. programs eraser you've been already eraser. he says you've been the last that's the arnold. schwarzenegger that came out probably. in 2001 or something with vanessa. williams with james khan don't know. who directed it embarrassed. go ahead okay so no that's okay. you know and don't have to. be embarrassed because you don't know who directed a racist guy. and uh so uh so there's a i watched eraser. reborn it came out recently who's in it. who knows you said you saw. it so you do i have no idea. what you were your eyes. were closed yeah what's it like this. so what i watched the show. i have no idea who the actors are. is it a show or a movie. the movie it's a program. why do you keep saying. show because because it it doesn't [ __ ] matter you know. because it's so trash. you want to. know about uh what distracted. me just now anthony winning. yeah the guys one of our producers came and fixed. one of the cameras touched the camera. he was moving around it doesn't matter. though so it was it felt. like christian bale doing the thing. where he gets mad. at the guy backstage what the [ __ ] are you doing good for you on a podcast. i'm so scottish made him so scottish so anyway. about a racer reborn. go ahead stop interrupting me with about the [ __ ] eraser reborn. you wanted to talk about it. i'm helping you i know. you're interrupting me talking about eraser. reborn i'm not doing [ __ ] that people aren't even gonna [ __ ] know about that's why you say anthony made me mad and then i gotta explain what happened because it's happening off camera read the cameras and it was pissing me off you didn't need to. help you know i did need to. help erased a reborn. all right so i i i i i don't think that anybody should make a [ __ ] sequel 20. years later we've talked about this. yep okay so they did it. they do it all the time. but they did it with a racer. no good it was it. even a hit i don't. know it might it probably was it. was yeah that was when he was it. was like mid 90s when he was huge true. no i think it was 2000 but no way. dude there's no way. there is no way. what year did eraser. come out i was more right. you said mid 90s. i'm more right so um so anyway i think you're thinking of the sixth day. no that was actually 2006 i think anyway. um so i'm watching a race. for reborn and i tell you what man. it's it's so bad yeah i believe that. it's so bad that even. i couldn't watch it and i don't know. who is in it the people. in it are the most like computer. generated white guy asian girl. and black dude let's look it. up look at the people in the reborn. dude the the white guy. the asian girl and the black dude. it's like they are all amalgamations of different. uh this is a non. by the way this tv is not so i'm pissed. yeah and i'm just gonna show. that yeah dude so much. shit's getting messed up look at. this okay so what do i do. dude oh [ __ ] we got it so all right. so listen so look. at the guys so bring up. so first of all they're all they're oh the names. are made up too it. is like a cg [ __ ] composite. of different it's like ai. made these people yeah look at them. look at the first guy. sure would the even their names. are are okay yeah but jackie lay wow. this is so [ __ ] ai and then the the black guy's the most ai though. generated michael number three mckinley belcher the third. dude you know what it's like the japanese. video games that made the baseball. thing that get it wrong. mick hunter you know chin. stop the contour chin stop mckinley belcher three. dude not three the third. but yeah yeah yeah well it's it's a trilogy. eddie ramos okay mango no but dude. i mean i can't believe the people. mambo mambo number five yeah mambo. number five breast yeah. so um yeah dude but i can't even believe it. the black dude in it. in his head shot he has his shirt. no no no no no no and his head he's taking his shirt. off yeah yeah hey dude hey hey like this like this we'll change hurts let's change shirts. for the for the next look it. goes like this wait hold. on take it anyway. dude eraser reborn it's on hbo. max and it's so far. i know so i stopped watching that. and then i started watching jumper. did you ever watch that. with hayden christensen no that looks. real bad okay but let me tell you something. it's not bad until the end and then it's one. of the worst movies of all time. ain't that a [ __ ] i hate movies like that yeah so uh anyway i love craig hayden christensen. though do you really yeah i do i love him. did you see shattered glass no is he good. in it he's really good. in that but you know. who's the best in that who is. peter sarsgaard is that. the one about the author. yeah or the the journalist yeah. yeah okay who made up. all the lies oh i didn't know. about that yeah so um so anyway i hidden christian. was at the laugh factory once and he came up. and he told me. i did a good job. so i love him. so there's another example of chris. only caring about people and liking them if they like him first i am insecure wow. i am insecure i am insecure. i am insecure oh my god the freaks come. out at night swimming i am insecure. i am insecure insecure robot. no the insecure robot. would be i secure. yeah yeah because you know. he's lying because he's insecure. all right got it i got it. i got it yeah it's all good. so anyway um all right do you want to. go get into. the show or what oh yeah. sure i mean we talked about the hardhitting issue. we talked about eraser reborn we. talked about shattered glass a little bit. we touched on grandma carmela's [ __ ] small blanket and we talked about empty. nests so and we talked about how she says program. right so let's get to. the tv show what's happening. uh um yeah let's do it. all right let's do it. it's not playing it went. away it's okay we can cut it. out oh it's gonna be so loud oh yeah i will manage this it's gonna be so loud we would just cut this out or we could leave it you know it. might be fun to. leave it it's not playing it's okay it will guys relax. we can cut it out. um getting raped what did he say. oh my god this needs to. stop what is zoom room. what is that what if it kept on opening. only fans and we found out that mako had like so many subscriptions to. only fans guys i so it's fixed. so that was amazing. dude let's cut it. back let's cut it back. in now because this is so funny. dude the purdue our producer. chris cannot get okay we have to. cut out a huge chunk. because we've been sitting here for like seven. minutes because he can't [ __ ] he can't this [ __ ] goddamn what is it zoom. room what is zoom zoom room. i don't know what that means. uh it's not zoom it's zoom. room and he can't get out. of it and it can't. and he'd he deleted it. from his computer and it's still open. so let's play it what. we want now is for it. to be fixed and therefore it. is fixed dude is it. are we better be recording. this is amazing recording. also turn the stinking ass. there turn the air off dude. he goes like this it. keeps doing stuff like so. [ __ ] dude dude he's blind. curdling mad so chill. i'm losing it so the great. thing is is that it. it's fixed because i want thing about right. now is that look at he's googling. zoom room [laughter] look that. was a commonly asked. question how come zoom room. keeps starting on its own. oh really yeah what the [ __ ] is zoom. rooms oh i can't wait till it's not better. dude all right play it okay play hit the timer here we go. here we go hi guys um i love the podcast. cute makes me very happy. i think you'll like uh my advice. it'll open up a big. a good conversation i think great. um i've recently made friends. with somebody oh who i bring her. up and she kind of brings me. down like she's kind of behind where i am. in life okay like she parties. a lot more than me. and isn't as responsible. as i am like i just like to. be out of trouble a bit. more these days but i know that having me around. is really helpful for her. but i i'm starting to. feel a little bit drained. by the friendship so how do you think i can still. be a friend but have good boundaries. in place thanks frankly it. doesn't sound like you're really getting much. out of the friendship yourself. it sounds like she's getting. all the goods and you ain't. getting [ __ ] uh which makes me want to. ask why are you friends. with her but since you're not here anymore. i can't ask you that uh i mean. talking like the bad guy. in matrix i'm not doing that. well it makes me want to. ask why are you friends. with her but why why i mean. like we didn't get any reasons. why and it makes me. wonder why you are like does. this woman have something hanging over your head. like a threat oh man. like terence did with me. in third grade or first. grade deeper um does she have. documents pertaining to. yeah i don't know um i i she bring you. know she brings you up. and you bring you bring her. up and she brings you down. i mean dude you know maybe just like [ __ ] let her reach out do you my question. would be do you like hanging out. with exactly does it sound. like you know if you're getting if you're getting enjoyment. if it sparks joy. as mary condon says or whatever. the [ __ ] her name is oh marie kondo yeah. yeah that's different than me. but yeah is marie. straight to compton married. condoms merry condoms that'd be. a good condom company um. if you're if she's sparking joy. then you know hang out. if she's not then what are you doing. hanging out i think what you should do. is either honestly not really be friends. with this person or say something. just be like look i feel like in our relationship. it's kind of like i'm giving you much. more than you're giving me. and like you kind of suck. things dry while i'm adding life to. it like what do you what. do you do you also feel that. way like what's going. on in the morning. and say suck things. dry well why are you. making it [ __ ] sexual [laughter]. uh yeah i don't know. i just it doesn't sound. like you're getting anything out of the relationship. so i think stop being friends. with this woman that's what i think. he sucks you dry yeah. you don't want to. say that and pinches your [ __ ] nipples and okay tickles your butthole. wow you know so worst [ __ ] therapist so uh yeah yeah i think that you gotta there. was either she's you have fun. hanging out with her or you don't if you do talk. to her if you don't hit. the road jack hit the road. jack okay hit the road. jack don't you come back. no more no more no more. you know no okay all right. yeah dropper dropper well that's my advice. to you okay next one. um i need some advice dating and relationships. oh yeah so cool would you tell someone that you're dating. nonexclusively but you were seeing other people at the same. time ooh and how would you go about. being honest about that i'm seeing. somebody that i really like but it's not exclusive. and somebody else asked me. out today and i kind of want to. tell this guy that i'm seeing. just to make him. jealous okay we'll talk to. that i guess my question. is like is that okay to. do to like i mean. tell a guy that you're seeing other. people with the intention to. make him jealous you know. the answer or should i just keep it. to myself she's got three dudes. in the back seat right. now that's what she's seeing. anyone else they all got [ __ ] what do you guys think it's a drunk. so high at first i was like yeah. i just i was thinking like yeah. just tell them but then she revealed her reason. which is specifically to. make the guy jealous. which is a [ __ ] shitty thing to. do that shitty people do so if you're a shitty. person yeah do that let him. know you're shitty by doing that. uh because it's good. to be honest if you're shitty. it's good to. let him know but i would suggest. not being shitty and not trying. to make him or anyone. jealous dude this video could. have been four seconds long and it could have. been this um should i make someone feel awful. i mean like the context. matters yeah yeah it's just like you don't if if you look the the game's the game all right if you want to. go and date another dude. then do that if you want to. tell the dude tell the dude. but if you're doing it. to make him jealous. then that's like why are you backing. it up for this new. dude you know but what i think you should do. is be open and honest. with this dude and if you are seeing another guy then you know. it's okay to. let him know but also like it mixed. in the head if you want to. make her him jealous you. want to know what i think actually. yeah what i think is doctor strange. what i think is she wants him. to be jealous because she doesn't. think he's into her. she wants to. be with him so she wants to. be exclusive with him so how about this instead of asking saying yes to. that other guy and telling your boyfriend. about it say no to. the other guy and say hey this other guy. asked me out but i said no. and guess why because i want to. be exclusive with you yep. and here's the best part. if he says no i don't want to. be exclusive with you then you can [ __ ] go date whoever the [ __ ] you want yeah. and it'll be back. to where you are right. now but you don't make yourself. move three you don't. do something specifically to. hurt someone yeah that's not what people do yeah. just make your clam go. from if you go hey excuse me you know. what i mean i can't go. out with you hold that thought hey i told a guy no because i i like you and i want to. be excuses with you don't want to. be excused the guy goes no. then we take the clam we move it. back three feet what is the clam come. on man the vagina. yes if you want to. be clinical about it but what do. you mean you move. it back three feet because you well i mean that's a big big rod but you know maybe oh like his dick. is three feet all right. i mean you're doing it. all wrong you're not cynical okay. that's why i didn't understand. it though three feet nobody associates a dick. with three feet it's so stupid. to say it uh yeah so the advice. on the ground be different. don't be the exact opposite. be the exact opposite of what. you are get scraped shut the [ __ ] up. top of it shut the [ __ ] up. okay it i'm just saying it. get scripted we heard you no. no because you'd think it. was the bottom but it's not because when i walk it. goes like it drags yeah and the kids at the top. of the head gets all gravelly and [ __ ] up. okay now shut up don't be a shitty. person do the exact. opposite of what you asked. us if you should do or not okay. bye yeah look the best. time to prepare for growth. is before the opportunity. arrives did you know that. especially for online businesses uh we have online. business i have an online. business and uh we use ship. station and ship station is. amazing it sets you up for growth by. directly integrating with every shopping cart. and storefront so your products are easier. to find easier to. manage and easier to. get into the hands. of happy customers quickly don't this. is the problem don't wait until. you're drowning in orders to. find the shipping solution upgrade to. ship station today it's very good to. do now too before. the holidays ship station keeps us prepared. uh for lifeline drops and uh the holiday season. for merch it gets really hectic. and that's where ship station. comes in and saves the day. so get these same discounted shipping rates as fortune. 500 companies you ever heard. of them or you live. under a rock uh whether you're sending a stack or a truck. full uh so that's over. 130 000 companies who have grown their ecommerce business with ship station so you know what don't be left. out ship more and grow more with ship. station go to. shipstation dot com today and sign up. with promo code lifeline for a free. 60day trial that's two months. okay start today and get set up. before the biggest shipping season. of the year that's two. months free visit shiftstation dot com clip. the microphone at the top. and type in code. lifeline do it matt and chris love. the dynamic of how much matt cringes. at everything chris does ah falling. good timing i need advice i've been with my girlfriend. for a little while now and mostly it's good. but literally every big event. her birthday friend's wedding. my birthday anniversary etc. becomes a huge fight about what. our relationship is or isn't we will be having the best. time and i'll go all out. for her getting a cabin with her. closest friends flowers fancy restaurant. name it oh my god we've only been dating. about a year and a few months. that's you shouldn't use the word. only because that's a long. time live together now for about six months. otherwise our relationship is generally good. but these fights when we're supposed. to be having our best times. and making memories have put a huge doubt. in pursuing a lifetime. with her if i can't enjoy life's. important moments with arguments i'm not sure. that i can enjoy life. with her uh your advice would be greatly. appreciated my first piece of advice. is to use your and your and separate. them because you said you are advice. instead of your advice maybe that's now you're acting like his girlfriend. right yeah but this isn't a special moment. this is just well it i mean. he's on lifeline i have experience in this. like i've i dated someone once that every time. it was long distance and every time we were about to. see each other again we would we would get into. like this biggest fight about the smallest nonthing that's so common. yeah it is common i think. this is sort of like it's not the same. thing but it's generally on the same. wavelength i don't know what. the [ __ ] that is but i don't think it's like uh i don't know i mean some i think usually what that. is is a sign of like incompatibility in general. i guess so but you it's so easy. not to argue when you're just chilling. yeah exactly and when the second something. comes up then it's like it's like you guys. are like this and the second somebody's like let's go. to the park it's like oh [ __ ] and then it's harder to. get back on and it [ __ ] and before you know it you're like where's the [ __ ] where's the you know yeah and she's like i told i didn't yeah you're [ __ ] i think the fights start to. arise when expectation starts to. creep in and that's why. expectations are no good for anybody. because people start to. expect things and then when that expectation is. not met they get angry. and then they bring up. the partner bring it up. with the partners if it's their fault. the partner gets mad for having expectations. put on them that are unfair. blah blah blah blah and so on. and so forth the bottom line. is stop stop expecting things tell people what you want. so you don't have to. expect they'll just be able to. give it to. you you know what i mean. i i understand yeah uh and so tell her maybe instead of having an expectation about your birthday. or your friend's wedding tell me. how you think it. should go beforehand and then we can just do it. that way yeah it's still tough i mean. look here's yeah it's not. that easy if you're if you're arguing. and it's tough uh a year and six months. in and if it's been happening. for a bit and it's happening. every time you're doing some [ __ ] it's tough if you're five six years in something like that sleeper then it's it's a little different because you've been together for longer. but like if it's all you're you're in your you're in your honeymoon. phase like this is something. that shouldn't be happening so so much. now at this point so it is a red. flag but also i don't know man. are are you doing stuff. like getting a cab and going. to a fancy restaurant. getting flowers together and doing all this. [ __ ] because you are like running from something you know what i mean. in which case that could be something. within you that you got to. look at i don't know the whole thing. kind of sniffs of a red. flag to me and i mean. how huge are these fights. too are they like big. blowout fights because couples fight in fact when couples don't fight at all that's a sign that something's really wrong or or it's perfect let's not forget that. i still think every couple should have. at least one fight a year. just to keep it right. you're right you know so we're gonna fight about uh yeah oh honey we haven't had a fight in 11. months we should get to. it yeah it's last may. yeah september um i just think like go. [ __ ] yourself you're not gonna have you're not gonna find someone that you've never fight with if it's a good relationship. so if it's really all the [ __ ] time every single time there's some big event something. looked exciting about looking. forward to something that's supposed. to be fun and she or you always turn. it into [ __ ] in one way or another yeah i'd say that's nothing worth looking at fight. once a year at least. once a year but right. but he's already fought many. many many times in a year. and a half so you bought yourself. some years of not fighting. so maybe be single and don't so stupid. so stupid i'm just saying um up sweetie. but yeah i mean we haven't argued since last june uh and it is october your dad's annoying. i agree that if you can't. enjoy life's moments without arguments. okay like then break up with her. right yes but like if you love her. and really want to. make the relationship work figure out a way. to get [ __ ] things therapy also you know i thought of you are all right betterhelp dot com. laying down just woke up. need your help with something. so i started talking to. this girl a couple weeks ago. everything's going great she's super hot. um has a good job. fun to be around. not his hand really. nice um the only downfall is she has a dog. that she treats like a human. um literally so she takes showers. with the dog oh she talks. to it like it's a person. um she has it like sit down. at the table with her. and oh what food. he drinks water out of cups. it goes as a job. it dictates her everything. it's a pilot um and yeah i've never seen. anything like it and i've had pets. my entire life so it's a little weird. um is it maybe because she just has like good motherly instincts and she yeah. on this dog it's a deeper. but i don't know let me know. what you guys think should i just do a spin move. should i try to. talk to her i don't know. i mean people are really sensitive about their pets. so when you do bring it. up don't be like what the [ __ ] is up. with you and the dog i know what to. do this is the opposite. of that bring it up. but bring it up. real careful and do it. as if you're just curious and don't say hey i'm just curious but embody just. curiosity that's the only way you'll be able. to get answers and then be careful. along the way baby step baby. step baby step and maybe you'll get some kind of color. on why the [ __ ] she acts like that. but showering with a dog. and having a dog sit with you. at the dinner table is very very strange. get a donkey and do the same. thing she does and oneup her. just it donkey in the passenger. seat just while he's driving wearing. a [ __ ] like a a um what do you call it a uh uh patagonia like a like a person thing like it's a human yeah. shorts on it and and like jordans and then like having it get out. of the car just like just [ __ ] [ __ ] the car up. and [ __ ] and then like having it sit in the passenger. seat and you're in the back. and she's driving and [ __ ] up her car and [ __ ] all over her passenger seat and and also like [ __ ] the dog up. a little bit like with this. and then it'd be like i'm sorry. they're just in a fight like you have to. like they have to. let them figure it out. and she's like but on the second she says but it's a donkey and then say so we agree. then right okay well don't do that. yeah because the dog. is a dog and the donkey's a donkey. but but to. do that you'd have to. have a donkey yeah get a dog. thanksgiving just sitting there giving it a knife. and a [ __ ] right with the turkey just killing. your uncle and [ __ ] you can't have a donkey and then just go oh so we agree take a show shotgun. boom with the donkey and then boom with the dog. oh my god you make a great. point though no no. no no donkey you can. get a donkey for a thousand. five hundred dollars that's too much. effort that's a cute. donkey you can get a donkey. for a thousand five hundred dollars. i think it's great a great. idea uh okay so i think cheaper. than that purebred dogs a lot. of people are crazy. about their pets that. is a bit above and beyond. but yeah i think all you need are. answers her answers might make it sound and seem a little bit better. it also asking about it. might at least open the door. for you to be like well maybe like maybe not. like at the dinner table. like some kind of compromise. but it's just the donkeys. no it's about her and her dog. only there's no donkey but if she gets really really defensive. about it that is a huge red. flag that is not a situation worth being in if she's open to. it and like listening and kind of takes your concerns. into account yeah. if you have this conversation. with her and she says well let me see how my dog. feels then you gotta go yeah right that's a bad let me ask my dog. about it all right. so yeah that's that's a weird. thing that [ __ ] people do yeah it is weird. usually they're old people and really lonely. well more chicks it's mostly women. or gays that do that. but yeah no straight dude. does that so i bet. they do yeah i know but i'm generalizing. so anyway wow dude a tree that. guy he's [ __ ] in uh what's the harry potter. for sure all right next one. yo what's up chris what's up. m diesel what's up. hopefully got an easy. one here for you. uh so i'm not much of a drinker. but i do like to. go out and socialize when opportunity. presents itself with coworkers and friends and whatnot. uh however i have a hard. time figuring out what i want. to order uh because i don't have a taste. for it uh i don't drink. a lot um so if you guys throw me. some suggestions uh i know. matt probably your uh better at giving some suggestions. uh but also chris um like if i don't want to. drink how do you how do you go. about that situation how do you approach that. and like um without getting the attention. on yourself and um kind of slowing. down the momentum of the the social uh gathering. uh sweet um super excited for the confused. podcast coming out can't wait to. see that and thanks for the advice. dude i always would it's so because i don't drink and like it would be so annoying. when i was sitting there nothing and be like why aren't you drinking. so i would just get a sometimes. get a club soda but then i would i would often. tell them can you put it in a [ __ ] glass like that would i'd get like club soda. because it's so annoying people like you're not drink. and you gotta explain. you dude you're doing this. like nine times a night so i get one. of those little mini straws. that they have and a [ __ ] lime with the club. soda so nobody would ask. me [ __ ] yeah that's good actually i don't drink now i used to. drink like a [ __ ] fish. but i don't anymore. and i never even thought about that. i just say what i actually. say is now it's okay. i don't drink uh and then they and then they look at you. a certain way and then and then you i immediately. say yeah i'm no i'm not like sober. i just i just don't drink. because they always assume like oh like are you an alcoholic. yeah and that's obviously not the case. with you it wasn't the case. with me either i just i don't know. i lost my case. for it somehow um but also if you do want. to get a drink that. you can nurse and not get [ __ ] up. on i mean definitely beer is. the way to go. everything else you can't really manage. or or you won't know. a beer along atlantic city. really yeah no no long island. no long island iced. teas for you those will [ __ ] you up immediately. but um beer beer or yeah do the thing. that's a good idea i never really. thought really yeah yeah no i that's so much. better they put my [ __ ] so annoying people ask. you that [ __ ] oh that's and then you tell them you don't you don't drink they're like you know what that's really cool. i really respect that. right what that's not why. i'm doing it [ __ ] yeah um thanks someone the uh get a coke. make it look like rum. and coke get a soda. make it look like vodka. and soda uh uh get it. just honestly go like this. do you guys have root beer. floats and when they say [ __ ] this and leave i mean that would as he said ruin the social. gathering though yeah it'll be funny. wow i don't know man. i don't know he'd be alone. at home after that if that happened okay drinking. a root beer float not if they didn't have it. but if they're good he could go to. like summit a diner. afterwards yeah okay that's more fun anyway. man i mean all right. though he wants to. hang with his [ __ ] friends and they're all hanging at the place maybe he doesn't dude he said he does how about suggest other things change the whole [ __ ] thing of advice. okay that's my minded you can do it. one person may not be able. to change the world. but it can spark the idea that. does i mean tupac. said that okay okay something. like that okay it doesn't matter. though uh uh okay my advice was good yours. was too until you did. it all [ __ ] up all right next one i still like my donkey one hey chris hey pastor m diesel uh loving podcast by the way what's going on so i have this i have a bad habit of biting my fingernails um i have for like since since i was a kid i've been doing this. and it's it's just a gross. habit the most regular shirt. i've ever seen um i'm trying. to stop whenever you're like i'm shaking somebody's hand. it's just i'm selfconscious and i'm always like hiding. my hands because they're just crazy. there you know um so yeah. nice ones smaller habits like this. because i'm like i'm not like an alcoholic. but it's it is affecting. my life like it is an annoying. problem um so just any advice. on maybe how to. cope with it stop it completely we're glad to. help thank you guys you. wear gloves dip your fingers in like [ __ ] your anus awful vinegar and then stick them in the ground. before you leave the house. go to no go to. the zoo say where are the rhinos and then go find where the rhinos. or the hippos are and then stick your hands. in their anus you might get pink eye. but you will not eat your [ __ ] nails. and also if he's not touching his face he won't right. right well yeah but he'd be just like this. walking around and people be like ew why. does it smell like rhino. [ __ ] yeah um i think you should uh wear gloves. for real get gloves. get those [ __ ] um what do you call them. those gloves where the the rubber. gloves that like uh yeah. yeah and people will because then it's a two kind of twofold. it's like you'll your fingernails. will get better you'll get better. with your habit and then also people will think that you're very important. yeah people think you like make a lot. of money yeah yeah oh what's going. on there what do you gotta do. be like oh it just came from work. and but they you don't have to. maybe work in crate and barrel. but it doesn't matter they don't need to. know they'd be like oh he's a dentist why. don't you take those off. and be like [ __ ] silly me i think actually it might be cool if you put like something on the insides of your fingertips that not everybody could necessarily see but you could feel it and so like when you're about to. bite your fingernails you're just. like maybe remind yourself to. do this it doesn't work. and it always looks like you want. to make money and you and you go. to uh uh i was in therapy. uh actually a long time. ago uh first round. yeah and uh she said just put your finger. on it and hold it. and and you might get might get it. better and it didn't work. so there's a thing on shark. tank where the guy was like hi. sharks i have a thing where if you. bite your nails you get. like shocked a little bit. and they were like are you [ __ ] kid dude it's a shark. tank episode and the guy's like you can't. sell this right yeah. he's like well it's a lowgrade shock like for dogs. and then they were like and then they're like well who shocks. you and then they were like you do so he's like if you go. you go oh hey what yeah. that's the worst [ __ ] product it. actually wasn't if you've ever seen that. show there are tremendously bad products. so worse than that. that seems like as bad. as an idea because it's pretty. bad yeah it's pretty bad. um wear gloves that's my [ __ ] thing wear gloves. some kind of reminder that. only you can be reminded by. you know whoa a song a song all right. uh no yeah we're gloves. okay cool or or or wear one. of those [ __ ] uh what are the what's the uh silence. of the lamb's masks uh yeah. any mask yeah covered mask. or like the black death. masks with the big nose. right and you just still do. it if you're that. dedicated because you're sucking your thumb. under that big dick. nose but at least it will be a reminder. as you're doing this you'd be like oh eight. that's right this mask. yeah yeah okay all right. next it makes me smile. and uh it's kind of serious. at the same time uh so i'm barney i'm from hungary. and i have this thing about not picking up. the phone i know it. was a topic before but i'm on the other side. i'm the one not picking up. the phone because it gives me. anxiety and i don't know why. i don't know what's going. on since the pandemic. is accelerated so i don't know. what to do because i'm losing friends. over this oh wow i tried. to talk to. them and they don't really understand. me i mean i don't even know what's going on. but they're my friends. they supposed to. back me up all right. so it's just like texting is all. right because i can write back. whenever i feel it's okay to. write back yeah but when i'm writing back. they try to. call me that's annoying problem. guys so i'm losing friends. over this and i don't know what to. do guys if you have any advice. just just uh i don't know. maybe fake john lennon quotes. or variations of me moves. or mats any serious. thing uh just i don't know. i'll just cheer me up. because i mean a really bad ad. space right now and i don't know what to. do thanks guys what a borrow well. you can't uh how bad could it. be yeah yeah that's kind of weird. that your friends are giving you that. much [ __ ] over it okay what the [ __ ] spin moves don't work here because you're not even with them but uh why don't you try starting with the voice memo thing oh you just go hey what's up guys baby steps so insecure ah no i think uh that why are your friends pushing at that that's my question yeah because it's like they're they're trying to. upset you or something that's not cool. like like i'm gonna get him. but i can't imagine i can't imagine someone just being like he doesn't pick. up the phone enough yeah he texts me. back but he doesn't pick up. the phone enough so i don't want to. be his friend or like it's a fact. i don't understand that's so weird. of your friends i'm like that. and my friends no that like i don't pick. up the phone and they're like oh that's how matt. is that's how your friends. are supposed to. be my friends call me i cancel it. and then text them and say no. text it well that's [ __ ] rude. i don't do that i just don't pick. up the phone or call. anyone back i text him. i suffer from the realness. but what you want out of a friend. is the friend to. be like uh well that's just who he is. it's annoying but [ __ ] haha it's kind of funny. because it's not a big. deal it's not a big deal. it's not at all it's not so if this is a big. deal and if you're friends no look i will say though something seems weird. if your friends if there's multiple friendships that are like have a problem with this. then maybe there's something that you're not thinking. about that you're doing that's affecting. this because the common. denominator is you in this situation. but if it's just about not picking up. the phone and you are texting back. and you're you know then it's kind of you. know it's kind of an it's that's weird. for them dude it's weird for them. but also like maybe you could a little bit. pick up the [ __ ] like if you're actually losing friends that you like because of this maybe like give a little bit and if you're gonna expect them. to give a little bit. understanding you maybe you give a little. bit and uh maybe that'll like absolve you in their eyes. or take a xanax. and say call me. in five oh you know. what i mean yeah yeah just don't take all the medications. matt took on that plane don't take don't take three and then get on a plane. did you pick up the phone. you'd be like damn where the [ __ ] what was it. you pick up the phone. don't go to her don't call. me as you pick it up. yeah nice okay cool it. all comes full circle yeah dude. that's rough though man and i'm sorry. and i hope we cheered you. up and uh i don't know. where you're from it's he's from bulgaria. but where's he living with the accident. south african to. me yeah well yeah maybe yeah all right. so next one what's up. guys um i love y'all's podcast. thank you all for doing. this y'all give some really great. advice um so i'm really hoping that maybe y'all. could help me out a little bit. okay um i'm a woman and a manly and a mainly male dominated. industry um i've been doing this. for well over five years i've been with the same. company since the beginning. they've taught me everything i know. and i'd say i'm fairly good at it. recently my boss hired this guy. and he has got over 20. years of experience he claims and he has just come in and completely derailed everything. he comes in and he goes behind me. um he goes and tells my boss what time. i show up to. work what time i leave geez. um and it's just caused a lot. of trouble and he's only been with us. for a couple months he's taking the reins. a lot over these jobs. and i know it's not my place. i'm not the boss but i am a worker. and i do i do good. work i think i deserve a little bit. of respect so what do. y'all think i should do about that sounds like is it. did you speed that up. or did she speak she's put it up. i think um uh she uh it sounds. i don't i don't jump. to this conclusion ever but it sounds like it. might be a chauvinistic thing. you think yeah yeah but that's what she's getting. at she's saying how do i deal. with that though oh i didn't say. that no did she say. specifically what industry i missed. that just that it's mailed on. it okay because obviously i think that maybe she works. just without the thing is if it is a chauvinistic. thing he would be defensive about. being called out for that. yeah so i think that what you should maybe. do is just like have a sit down with him. but a casual one not. like a hand to. talk to you be like you know. i like dress appropriately i've been doing. this for a while like i i know how this goes like you can give me more. responsibility than i think you think i might be able. to handle uh like if you haven't. said anything start out by. making it sound like you're giving them. the benefit of the doubt so he doesn't seems like i feel like yeah. exactly you know so he doesn't have. to get all [ __ ] defensive and be like well i have 20 years. you know i mean yeah uh because you know. how people get yeah when they get told that they're not. doing things right at the workplace. especially if they have a lot of experience they get so [ __ ] defensive um but yeah start out that way and if it continues or gets worse. it might be the it might be the kind of thing. you have to. go to the boss also is he above. you it sounds like he's come. in and taken a position. of a little bit above. her higher than her yeah. because that's annoying but yeah it's like the guy sounds like a [ __ ] tattletail though. dude yeah that's the shoes. if you're a good worker. and okay you leave early. or get in late and but you're [ __ ] killing. it and firing on all. cylinders and nothing's changed. the only thing that changes. that he's here right. right we've always done. it like that and you've been with the company. for five six years she. said right something like that so it's like [ __ ] this guy dude yeah i [ __ ] can't stand these [ __ ] man like the title aspect is crazy but dude he also like do your job right and if his job was to. come in and figure out. where the problems with the company. is yeah it sounds like it's not. you it sounds like it's not. you uh i know that we're just hearing. your side of the story but that's what. why he was hired. though okay but that's what i'm saying. but it might be but if it wasn't okay. then like if you came into. [ __ ] be like i need to. find out who the weak. links are we need to. get rid of them then okay. but beyond your best behavior. but obviously she simply she would be so dude. uh the guy's a tattletail he's chauvinistic and it's [ __ ] and say why. don't you do this. with frank maybe he does do it. with frank though well if he doesn't it's not a sexist. thing it's still a shitty. thing though it's a shitty. thing it's just a little tattletale. yeah he's still a tattle tony still like a nitpicky [ __ ] yeah whether it's chauvinism or not it. still sucks yeah i'm saying yeah. right right it sucks whether it's chauvinism or not yeah. yeah bring it up. in like a in a casual setting and make sure even though. it's annoying make sure it doesn't he has no way. of thinking it comes. off as like any version of like a planey. or or yeah but you don't want. to jump to. hr right no you don't want to. jump to hr that's what i'm saying. the first thing you do yeah. is just offer the fact. that you've been there a while you know. the ropes and you can handle. a lot of responsibility yeah. uh and you've been there. a while you have your own. habits like you would think that that. would be okay i've been here. for a long time everyone knows the way. i work everyone's okay with it. as long as it's okay. with you i think i'm going. to continue to. do that yeah also he's been uh he has 20. years experience and you have but but he doesn't have 20. years experience of that place. you're at that place longer. than him so you have that. under your belt too yeah. true yeah or in your skirt. whatever i'm just trying to. be on his level you know what i mean. chauvinism wow but i'm not being shown. but it's funny and in doing so you're being stupid. well it's a joke it's a comedy. podcast so all right that sucks though. but yeah that does suck. a guy that would be in csi. okay what's up chris and matt. uh so today i have a mental. health uh question so i'm an actor here based out. of atlanta i'm 24 i've been committing to. this for like five ish years. now cool and i've been watching my friends. graduate college the past. few years and now they have their big. boy jobs and they're all comfy. and set right uh i've also been watching friends. like in the business kind of like really. grow and um some of them. made it right out of high school. and you kind of really don't know. the same struggles and i'm trying. not to compare myself. to other people much easier said than done. yeah uh so what are some of the things. that you kind of did in your earlier. days to like power. through like the struggle phase. and like the the lows because honestly. it's becoming really mentally. heavy and it's hard. not to feel like a loser. and um i know 24. is like young in the eyes. of oh guys 24. the majority. so you feel like i haven't accomplished enough. in like i'm yeah it's it's heavy. uh lately so please uh let me. know uh some things i can do to. kind of power through and keep myself. like in a good mental. check uh yeah thanks all right. you're for 24. first of all second of all. you look like an actor i was the one. before you started talking i said hey you would be in csi. yeah uh you know he calls it. [ __ ] amazing i don't want to. make it about me. but i called it it's funny. and you didn't want to. make it about you but you did so remember when i was like this. guy's british and he was like oh i was going. on yeah but what i'm saying. is dude 24 is nothing and i know that's so annoying. because i was 24 and i was i was in the same. situation dude all of my friends. were on tv shows they were all bigger than me. okay okay now look at you no. i i don't but i i just want to. be like a decade. what i was gonna say. right but a decade. later yeah yeah but what i was gonna say and they'd have different. they're not even actors uh oh one way to. make yourself unhappy in any profession. it doesn't matter what it. is but especially some kind of any version. of the arts or you know. tv whatever the [ __ ] acting is to. [ __ ] compare yourself to. people that are your age. comparison is the thief of joy. i don't remember who said it. it was probably a lady. that has like a [ __ ] youtube channel but she was right well it's true comparison does take away. all joy but what what. you're not realizing when you compare you're only comparing yourself. to people that are more successful. you're not taking into. account the [ __ ] billions of [ __ ] who are less successful than you. it was theodore roosevelt who said that. uh and a lady from youtube. we had a youtube channel. obviously stole it from theater roosevelt. and i don't think that's cool. to do to teddy but if you um yeah don't compare yourself. try it's so [ __ ] hard dude it's so hard with jesus. christ all the time and it's misleading it's unfair. to yourself because it's misleading you're only taking into. account the [ __ ] tiny sample. full of people who happen. to be more successful. i know i know that's true. you're doing fine take into. account the here's what you should do. watch go on youtube and watch short films. made by people that are generally your age. it will be astonished at how shitty they are. how much worse off. than you they are and you will [ __ ] feel better to. know that that is the vast majority. of people will be hilarious. if you had a youtube uh short on youtube. you know look you might as you might very well. be one of those people if you are i'm sorry. but i don't know i don't know what to. tell you um but my point. is uh yeah don't compare yourself. i know he but he knows not to. compare himself he said. it right he was like i don't mean. to compare me i try. not to prepare myself. but um but don't because it requires action you have to. look up people to. compare yourself yeah true. true stop doing that it's like going. on yeah bump on your neck. get offline you're an actor focus. on your i hate when people say. this but craft and then also you can take things into. your uh you could take thing. you can what am i trying. to say take things into. your uh you could take you. could take control of your situation. yes you can you don't it. only it used to. be about getting on a show. getting on a [ __ ] getting on csi getting on a sitcom. getting on a [ __ ] show on hbo. it's not anymore you could make your [ __ ] happen. you could create you can either. write something or get somebody. who you could partner. with that it wants to. write in the same situation. that you're in get together. in atlanta and write some [ __ ] cool [ __ ] and post something right i mean good then you're kind of doing what matt said but don't make it shitty. but don't be shitty yeah don't be shitty. about it but make it come from your truth. i get it trust me. i get it dude. all of my friends. were successful before me. man and you know. another container it's like they'll have different. jobs but it's not and i'm not even. trying to compare it. don't compare yourself obviously when you're on the [ __ ] also as well right. yeah don't ever complain don't ever. compare yourself right yeah but but my point. is um it'll happen. just keep going and dad. always used to. say this uh it's not going to. happen the way you think it. is but it'll happen. yeah and um and it will. do just keep going man. the frustrating thing about being an actor or anything. in that industry in our industry is that is that there's no ladder. that is established right. to reach success. you talk about people in business. yeah people uh in healthcare in most professions. there is a wellestablished road to. get to where people want to. go uh as they progress. in their career it is. not true as an actor or any other thing. in the arts you can [ __ ] at 48. get your first big break. and become a huge [ __ ] actor it's actually that has literally happened like there's there are all different kinds of career. paths and that is both. the worst thing about doing what. people like you do and also the best. thing because the it's the worst. thing in the way that god damn. it could take until you're [ __ ] 48. to get your big. break but you could also be the one [ __ ] who had 47 and nothing going on in that 48. you [ __ ] hit it big and you've got the best [ __ ] career you could have possibly imagined. there's no way of knowing. and it'll be that much. sweeter than it'll just dude. just keep going man you're 24. it's two. it's too early just 24. years your baby be upset. and get it again. you know this guy's still got. baby powder on his [ __ ] ass you know this guy's still drooling all over. his bib and his mommy's. [ __ ] taking it off and cleaning it a little a little bit but yeah this guy's still [ __ ] has no [ __ ] pubic hair you know check your belly button do you have an umbilical cord coming out this guy literally still has no pubic hair i think none that's i i would argue he probably has pubic hair you saw his eyebrows it literally hasn't gone through puberty at all he definitely has it because it looks like two caterpillars. are meeting epic area is. as hairless as is [ __ ] behind okay okay it looks like two caterpillars. are meeting at the forehead cafe he also he also had the beard. that looks like it like he actually. has five o'clock shadow yeah. yeah [ __ ] actually has to. stay every morning because like he's got a full beard. yeah yeah yeah it always looks like someone's. walking in front of him. like that's how much it. he he needs to. shave like he's like why is it. dark on your face okay. um so anyway maybe it's the shadow. of the [ __ ] caterpillars. the shadow of the caterpillars. poetry i know us i was just gonna say. a movie with [ __ ] ashley judd. and morgan freeman the shadow. of the caterpillars [ __ ] when they meet on the forehead. cafe that means you're in trouble. maybe they'll shoot it in atlanta and he'll get a [ __ ] roll in it make a short film the shadow of the four the shadow. what is it the shadow. of the caterpillars and have it be about a serial killer who has. the biggest [ __ ] eyebrows that cast a shadow over his face and they look like caterpillars. and be the lead role. i always get to. my destiny my eyebrows always get to. the destination two minutes before. me have a roll like that you know the caterpillars. want revenge wow after this coffee. at the forehead cafe worst [ __ ] plot. of all time like what are you. even saying you know what's happening. those are the caterpillars. ew no no you do not. make that sound they're drinking. the cat i don't give a [ __ ] what they're doing. i do not accept that. sound one please thank you look. uh well uh we're gonna think about it. uh we'll we'll get back to. you thank you i'm school. thanks for coming in okay. life's cool i look. and they just go um all right. cool would we have one. more or what okay. hey man chris uh my name is kate. i'm a long time. fan um i'm gonna try to. be quick because i keep exceeding the limit. so my question is about my marriage. um i've been married for seven. no nine years this. is john cusack together about 17. years um my marriage is great. it's good it's really good i married. a really good guy. uh we have three kids um but my question. is about my husband like isn't. able to open up. to me he's not very um emotionally. literate he doesn't really have feelings. he doesn't share feelings he doesn't shared thoughts. with me um beyond. like day to day like kind of basic. stuff i tried to. get into therapy. and he refuses like flat. out that is his worst nightmare. um so i started therapy on my own. and it's lifechanging um chris i'm kind of interested. to hear your thoughts. knowing how you have transformed over. the past few years. um so my question is how do i get him. to open up do i push him into. therapy hmm how do i get them to. open up in the meantime. how do i get him. to be more like just more connected. to me um thanks. so much that's so interesting. man like you know. join the [ __ ] club that's like the prime woman's complaint. i know about men oh man. and it's true men are just like you. know how ask a man. how his day was he'll be like i don't know. it's good yeah how her day. was you just [ __ ] watch the clocks wow so high energy. dude [ __ ] how was your day and the [ __ ] i mean people walking by oh god oh god these holes. are coming yeah all right. right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah dude. it's so and i'll tell you what dude. i here's what [ __ ] came up. for me and then we'll get to. you but man i'm like i open. up so much i open. up so much therapy everywhere. chris with chris obviously well for her. like with my wife i open. up so much like she'll be like how do you feel about this. and i go like this. i take a beat i'm like justin trudeau when he was asking questions. by the reporter and people like oh he didn't have an answer but he was taking a beat dude. you know and so then i [ __ ] start talking and [ __ ] we have conversations and it's like i'm not saying i i deserve a medal. but dude i need to. show her this but was it always like that. chris was it always like that. i'm saying you gotta you gotta get to. the place as a man. that you cut that you understand. the value the value. of why the value of opening. them up yes men don't intrinsically. know that women do right. so men have to. learn the lesson of why. it's valuable uh and i think i i mean. don't strong over strong. arm him into therapy. but you can you can kind of like softly. put your foot down about it. someone did that for me. once and it's like you know that. relationship was a [ __ ] disaster but the one good thing i got out of is that she actually did make me go to. therapy you know yeah i think if it's the kind of thing. where you think it's affecting. your marriage and you're you've grown into. this uh person that it's important. to i think it's worth. saying like you know don't give him. an ultimatum like oh you're either. gonna do therapy or i'm out. but you should express to. him how important. it is for you to. it for him to. at least try it. you know what i mean. because especially his aversion to. it is a little bit i don't. want to say it's not. alarming i mean look the guy. probably thinks his life is fine. and it's going good he's got a great. life but he might benefit from it. yeah it also though. like if he's got some try i have no idea. what his f who this. guy is but like you know. he's probably pretty levelheaded you seem levelheaded. but like you know he might be trying. to not want to. talk about some stuff and not even. know about it like he might sit down. at therapy and she might be like at the first session. you'd be like so how are you and he just goes. [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah just for frying. barbells you know what i mean. in slow motion just crystal [ __ ] like right. do you know what i'm saying. and then just crying so hard. yeah and like some people don't want to. confront that trauma yeah right. a lot of people don't and and i don't even think that's that. bad you don't have to. feel your feelings all the time. but if you're feeling your feelings. never it's a problem we got a problem. and that might lead to. crystal barbells flying right. right uh but ultimately those crystal. barbells if you stay. at it they turn into. less and less and less less. crystal barbells and then suddenly you're not only feeling better. but you know how to. communicate better yeah uh but yeah you really gotta figure not like you. you want to. like trick him into. this but like there has to. be a way for to. get him to understand. the price he is paying by. being a person that doesn't open. up he's paying a price. whether he knows it or not. and it somehow he must be illuminated. to that fact you often talk. like the guy the bad guy. from the matrix i don't do. that i don't do that. illuminating like you do it. but it's okay also he should open. up because that stuff becomes cancer. later on for sure yeah like you that's what i'm saying. those are one of the those are one. of the costs of not opening. up you need to. release crystal barbells also otherwise that [ __ ] will and then becomes cancer and you've got melanoma on your chest dude try to. get him to go. to [ __ ] better help he doesn't have to. get off of his couch yeah. go to bed dude. yeah give him the code. for better help for our [ __ ] um and it's really uh i don't know it's it is weird. though that there are still guys. that are like no way. not therapy that's for [ __ ] women or whatever the [ __ ] you know it's for like people who have real problems yeah. yeah yeah yeah let me. tell you something buddy. you probably got problems if you're not adamantly against therapy. yeah stripping oh look. at that look at that. look at that okay. i guess it's been an hour. hasn't it yeah i guess. it has but also um yeah that's it. sounds good got lint all over. me that's great but dude. that's the life uh the the the spin move spin move. mentality hoodie that you. can get on lifelinemerch dot com. and uh if you want oneonone advices. sessions with matt he books them up they're booked uh you know go to. that video dot com. you got to get in there. uh and uh if you have a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com another thing is your boy's gonna be in denver. your boy's going to. be in albany your boy's going. to be in san diego. your boy's going to. be in new york your boy's going. to be in chicago. your boy's gonna be in springfield. your boy's going to. be in [ __ ] midland texas your boy's gonna be a lot of different. places your boys gonna be a seattle. your boy's gonna be in portland. your boy's gonna be in lakeland. your boy's gonna be in you know. what i mean your boys. everywhere your boys on the present. yep my mom need present. so that's it man. uh so come on and see me on tour. chrysalia dot com and uh that's that. yay hello hello hello. hello hello [music] 