 what's up chris and matt. my name is brian. mccready and i live in chicago. uh you're a serial killer dude. yeah i thought that right. when i saw him actually have you ever. done voice exercises or you. are an actual serial killer and chris. i know that you have silky smooth. vibrato drunk [music] hello hello. hello hello [music] right hopefully people are stabbing. each other this episode is that cool. anthony yeah no actually yeah it was asleep. woke up said that and then got so angry. that i woke him up dude. honestly let's start the show like this. andrew whatever your name is antonio andy dude. you you're and it's anthony. we're joking you're editing your everything. is on point you don't don't say. hi people right you know what matt was saying. when we got terrible anthony. this is how anthony says hi. huh yeah yeah well more. of her sorry interject but and nobody here does. greetings correctly are we [ __ ] even recording. yeah we are okay. uh i nobody does greeting. correctly i walk in both of their [ __ ] backs are to. me if they say hi. i can't hear it. because they're talking the [ __ ] wall on their computers. you walk in are looking down. and you say hey one time. for everybody there's three of us. here well i mean what the [ __ ] am. i a politician hi how you doing. hi how you doing dude. i'm nice i walked in i'm like what's up. anthony what's up chris this. is looking at their [ __ ] computers you. walk in you looking at the ground. you say hey okay there is a level of look alive. intimacy there is a level. of closeness there is a level. of connection that you have with people. where you are now blessed. to be in their life and they're blessed. to be in yours. okay so act like and when you and when you graduate to. that level you don't need to. do anything but sup and that's the level. we've been at by the way. for years you've never mentioned but i don't like it. it's it's like now all of a sudden. you don't like it's life. denying look what i'm trying. to figure out life denying. dad all right listen. started a twohour school chris is up. there trying to do the time. in it anyway that didn't help. anybody understand what yeah and he's well. it helped a little bit. dude it's a clock and it lets. us know how long we've gone. so far he didn't start. it when we started and he was doing it. like my dad would do it. which is very badly and slowly. and pointing the remote way. too close as if it's not an actual remote you need to. be proxy uh uh approximately oh dude. i hate when people do like this. with the shazam i do that. i do that hey but sound is everywhere. no it's not there's more up. there are you kidding me. yes it is it's close. if you get closer to. the source it's louder and clearer. that's how the sound works. dude when you're just in a room. yes all right if it's a quiet. room and you do that. sure but it's like restaurants. and [ __ ] poca phase it's pokemon. restaurants and [ __ ] i do it. that's so that doesn't work. shut up dude the difference between here and here. here doesn't work you don't. go not not poke cafe i'm tall. and i get it close. and i never miss with shazam. when i'm down on the ground. i don't get it sexual. listen um so anthony good job on editing first of all already good job. on editing i know. i was making fun of you. the last episode about how you don't do it. quick enough already good good job. and then you took the note. when what did you say. to him last episode. i said he doesn't ever. remember i don't remember so so what he does. is what he did was. i would be like barry bonds. and then we'd be talking about barry. bonds and then barry bonds. would come up right. dude he did it a little bit. a little bit kind of trolling. me did it before we were talking. about the thing now. okay a little bit trolling. but but dude he was killing. it i watched it and i love when he does. like he did one. thing i was talking about too close. you too close. i know and you smacked it go. ahead and he he added. oh cool it's just great. dude and then he does like when i show him. get it up [ __ ] he zoomed it in okay anyway i'm getting a cityscape. but why are your [ __ ] nails. like that i'm punk now. are you a guy named brett. in eighth grade when i was in eighth. grade so deeper are you. a guy named kevin anderson. a guy that [ __ ] your girl for sure when you were no dude. kevin anderson was a friend of mine. and mom didn't like him and she made me feel so bad. when i would hang out with him. wow and now he's a park. ranger why were you naughty. why are you so naughty. you know mommy why were you so naughty. your therapist told you to. use the episodes you confront your mom. and you're so [ __ ] up in that david mommy why are you so naughty. so bad smell my coffee. everywhere yes dude i call mom. and i say mommy why are you so naughty. and then i hang up yeah. yeah so listen um all right. listen man let's talk about mom. used to do mom. used to [ __ ] uh say to. me why do you only hang out with the foreign. kids and not as a racist. prejudice thing because their parents didn't speak english so she was like i can't even be friends with the [ __ ] yeah but moreover you would hang out with not just foreign because the weirdest yeah different different kids and and different was foreign because right i mean different because because it was well yes they are weirdos but but the main thing is i wanted them to. be not the standard brad chuck. you know vince i wanted. him to be i wanted. him to be like idis like my friends. was nice no he was nice as [ __ ] but his parents were like we don't know. where we are you. know yeah and he had a sister. who really this is weird. i remember he had a sister who was beautiful. but she looked exactly like him. and so it was like i couldn't figure out. what how i felt about her. i'm gonna go i want to. take this a step further this. is something i think about sometimes. okay there are beautiful. women out there that so far i'm with you. that if they look like they're dads. or brothers too much i can't i dated. a girl for a long time. who looked exactly like your dad. and you're okay with it yeah and i knew the dad. for a long time before. i even got together with her. oh i couldn't do it i i don't think i could and and now i'm married. to the dad they uh you married. you married the devil. okay so see so that's why. you can do it i love you. jimmy jimmy um that's his name. so yeah so so you can do it. i i can't do it i mean. it is it can be like disconcerting but it just depends on how how like strongly they resemble the person. so and who you saw first so you saw the dad. first well no i mean i knew him. okay i knew the yeah. yeah it's just it's a lot. so what do you so i've been thinking about that. and i was like i think that's a thing. that must be a me. thing what thing no i think that's pretty. common really yeah like if the daughter. what like looks like no. because i'm telling you i the dad. that i ever have but like i couldn't actually date. someone like that if they look well what give me. they look too much. like somebody i already knew in their family. like like she had a brother yes and you knew the brotherhood matter. if you knew the brother. first no well if i knew her for first first it. would be okay okay right. okay but no if i met the brother. i could not do it. yeah that's that's weird that's not that's yeah. right okay right that's not right. right um that's not right. in fact it's wrong okay. so anyway yes i'm going to. be in louisiana at the uh i'm going. to be the worst segway yeah. or absolute [ __ ] worse right. and that's tonight anyway uh if you want a oneonone session. with me your boy. baby go to matilda. dot com tuesdays and thursdays. [laughter] there's a lot in there. i think we could maybe work. it maybe make it a little more simple. i throw them all out. yeah and i let the public. decide so bad that's the kind of thing. i do but yeah i go. like that i throw them. all out but i didn't know i didn't say. i didn't finish what i was saying. which is interesting about louisiana. because no one cares. no so maybe in louisiana louisiana. tonight and then i'm gonna be in uh new york. rhode island chicago that's already sold. out that's real wow such an [ __ ] uh two shows at the beacon. theater hmm 2800 seats so that's a dilemma right. because it's gonna be six thousand. people so what do we do are they. sold out the second one. is not but yeah [ __ ] [ __ ] um don't tell people to. buy tickets for things that are sold out. okay yeah you're right. so not chicago so not springfield. in missouri so hmm um well it. would help if my things. were up there right. now right for you so if you knew if you had it. i will be in uh minneapolis. i will be in um a bunch of different. places and it would be so helpful. if they were out but they're not. right so cincinnati uh columbus god. will be so helpful. but it's not it's okay. um and then utah i will be in and then uh nope. we already passed that and then uh kansas. city tulsa midland texas austin. i got two shows on sale. there milwaukee and uh yeah. there we go all right. cool boy boise salt. lake city no we don't do that. so chrisley dot com get your ticket. and touch me and dude. here's the thing dude. too uh how about you subscribe. to the super good channel. right that's what we do. dude and uh and that's what's up. that is what's up i'm in green. i'm in all green i mean. you are it's like you're uh in a war. zone casualties of war dude. casualties of war oh wow yes. yes [music] okay that was the obvious. that was the weirdest thing. i've ever seen you do dude. uh i was doing pullups. oh you were yeah actually doing it. okay cool so anyway i'm glad to. do this we did. not we did a we did. two shows two weeks ago. and we did not see each other. last week because i was on the road. no on the road again. on a road again. on the road again. [music] who's that guy that used to. do all the parts of the songs. he beatboxed and he'd also rap. yeah and everybody acted like it. was the craziest thing ever. and it was the craziest thing. ever but it also sucked. me yeah yeah who was that. guy the guy from police academy. no it was roselle roselle dude. remember razzo dude. he would be like it was so crazy. because what he does. is crazy but it sucks. [music] if your mother. only knew dude wow cynthia all right. that outfit is so dope. this is crazy [music]. the person who posted it the beatbox. queen this is when it gets really sick yeah. you got to tease it. out first [music] see so shaky on a plane recording. it on a plane gopro. on their head yeah okay let's get to. it russell the reason. why he's teasing it. so much is because honestly it's cool. but who cares and he has to. tease it to get to. the part because it's like who gives a [ __ ] what he's doing. it no it's too long. it's the kind of thing that it's impressive. but like who cares. i have a theory about this. who likes it though. no it's not here we go. at the same time [applause]. wow so cute thank you. when you're talented. at something that only is the thing. you can't use it any other news. of life that thing sucks. break dancing number one thing. like that doesn't help for any other yeah. but i mean yeah sure yeah you do this. you're good at that who gives a [ __ ] you could be in a police. academy remake right oh to. go to the part with it. obviously the part where yeah yeah here we go. oh is this wutang or is. he doing this still here. we go how are you doing. that [music] i'm looking you know. you have a camera on you. i know it you don't need to. get attention when you have a camera. i mean you know all right. dude showing himself up. good job right so that's cool. that he can do that. but also who cares. it's just that's what breakdowns it's actually. not who cares i do. find it impressive it's just like it. sucks to listen. to yeah it's like wow. you can do that and that's impressive. as [ __ ] and truly wow but like it sucks. like i'd rather listen to. a song [ __ ] bad well it's basically that but anyway dude whatever dude you know having a stroke the way your face looked when you did it so anyway i'm having a good time and we have a good time and we're doing having a good time what happened to. your nails oh yeah i'm parked now. so i i did it. because so here's why i did it. this is a story i did it. three and a half. years ago for a television. show elephant in the room. yes i got cut out of it. now kept them there. i actually kind of fancied them. a little bit never did. it again fine then one day i was like you know what i'm gonna actually. do it again because i'm not because like calvin. asked you or something like and there we go. hey hello i'm not to. leave the story ruiner so so i so i'm like i'm gonna do it. i'm gonna get the black nail. polish and maybe i'm gonna do it. i get it i get the bike. nail polish and then i'm like i bet. i you know i have it. around my house for a few. weeks and i'm like i bet. gavin would kind of like this. so as kristen to. do this she does it. and uh i show calvin you know. he doesn't really give a [ __ ] but i kind of did a little bit for him. but then now what i realize is dude. i pick my cuticle so. much but when i have the nail. polish on i only picked the nail. polish my my fingers have never been so healthy. because of this [ __ ] tasting. something so so what so i think i'm not. gonna keep doing it. because it's really annoying. because when i post clips. on the internet of me. doing standup people are like really dude. you would have flamed somebody. who did this when it's like no. i wouldn't the black fingers who gives a [ __ ] also i find people. for everything wow sleeper well it's like i'm my own. person no do you know are you done. yeah oh you are quite. done yet i'm probably not gonna do. it again soon but okay we're storyteller of all. time worst ending you know uh and then i died. do you know do you know. what this is about no i don't patsy. you're uncultured it's from adverb. i know okay what is that. oh it's a show oh yeah. wow i haven't thought about that show. in a bit yeah with the pros. dude yeah that's funny. is it really yeah. it is because usually those shows. people are like oh this. is so funny bbc. shows yeah yeah but like faulty. towers i i know dude and it's like sacrilege. to do that when you're in comedy. but it's like well i'm not in comedy. and i well you are take my lucky. stars for that okay i'm not. dude no way am i no. no not a part of that. no thank you thank you don't. even like watch this daniel. comedy even though you do it. thank you that's very rude. it's very rude to. say the reason i watch yours. is because you're my brother. thank you very much you have. to actually come out and see me soon. don't actually like go in there. ever never did and never ever wanted. to go thank you okay. you're being because i would have felt bad. if i didn't go thank you so [ __ ] rude. you why don't you like stand. up i don't like here's the honest. truth okay same reason. i don't like comedy movies. i laughed so much. in my life i don't need to. go sit down to. watch people make me laugh. even more oh so you admit. that it is funny sometimes. of course oh wow i don't like sit there. with a straight face like a different. front row in the front room. no i a lot whenever i'm there. i laugh i got you okay. but yeah no it's just i don't. like it and i never did. okay now get off my back. about it no i'm not on your back. about it okay. well um so should we do another should we do a video. now or what should we should we see. what's up let's get into. the show let's get into. the nittygritty the nuts. and bolts the nooks and crannies. yep what's up man. eating cute wow um we are some. we like to have a syllabus time. as you guys know you know. us i want to. be high you guys. know this personally and i we want to. know if you guys get this. sometimes these annoying reactions when like like we're also loud. laughers yeah as you guys. know us oh my god i'm gonna have nightmares thanks. people i found this real life. with like a strange will. come and be be like you guys. have too much fun oh yeah. oh we're like oh you guys. you better quiet down. fine like just so [ __ ] annoying and then the vibe's gone. yeah it's done it's done. by washington okay wow wow now the fun. is actually over oh evil. so she's a demon shelly. is not a demon the first. girl i didn't catch her name. is a demon the one. on the right yeah yeah the one who did the bulk. of the talk oh wow. dude that was making me laugh. she was making me laugh. but i will tell you this. that sucks when people do that. and here's what they they always do. it in places where it's actually. okay to laugh it's never like. well no okay so one time. we were laughing so hard. at islands the restaurant. in glendale and some guy comes over. and he's like i'm trying to. have dinner with my family. and you're being really loud yeah. dude and i was like you're at islands dude. there's literally a toucan up. here there's like a [ __ ] paper mache toucan above you like you're not a you know what i mean you're not out at like a nice restaurant or a library dude. we're laughing having a good time. and he was like and then he was like yeah. well you're too loud and and then he stood up. and walked over and he's like you guys. need to be quiet. and i said to. him i actually said i said sir. you don't want me. to stand up wow yeah. dude she was short. too wow is that. is that why he didn't want. it because you were gonna make him feel bad. for being short and also it would have led to. could have could have led to. no fisticuffs we don't fight i don't fight but but he was walking over getting in my face. oh okay so obviously i you know. i was at a disadvantage because i was like this. but he was short. yeah but he was short. but but when i was sitting down he was a taller. when i stood up he would have been okay. i understand how that works. yeah so i just different. depending on your position sure. yeah the worst worse than that. is when you have a loud. laugh and you're laughing and someone you're with width of like a comrade an ally. tells you to shush or that's the worst. or okay it wasn't that. funny well there's nothing worse. than that that's a different category. okay because then you're just like you're like a he you're like a homing. device for ruining you yeah. you know what i mean. like you say that two ruined. moves i hate that dude. but when people go shh they think you're like upsetting. the vibe in a public. place or something like it's like they're panicked. they're like and it's like what i'm laughing. and i'm enjoying myself people. are gonna like that i'm doing that. if anything they're probably not even gonna notice. though but honestly sometimes it is too loud. i've never once thought that in my life. okay all right i mean. people when they're talking are too. loud but not when they're laughing. dude sometimes people are so [ __ ] loud huh. what i really don't like when people talk. about it it's just like we're all in the same. room what are you doing what i don't. get is there there's a way. to talk how come you don't. get it you don't you don't. hear yourself there's people that are soft. or too loud i mean actually honestly. probably they probably don't realize they're too. loud because they have a hearing. issue or something you think so yeah. why else would you be. that mad i i i dated this. woman and she was just always too. loud and i was just like you're too. loud and she was like really she's like no. you're too loud and i'm like you're up. pretty loud yeah but when i'm allowed. it's loud by design it's on purpose. that's even worse no it's not. because i know where i am i'm. either like in a room full of people. holding court getting the yucks out. of them or i'm like on. stage ripping it okay. well nobody's saying you're too loud. on stage actually there are people who say. that okay well i'm one. of them i think you're too. loud on stage no i'm just kidding. but uh yeah i've i have i mean. it's mostly men who i know. are too loud one of my friends. in particular is like i want. to not be friends. with them yeah oh you shouldn't yeah. i'm not i'm not anymore. so yeah i i uh i think that uh it's okay. to laugh and have a good time. but here's the deal in the back. of your head even though. you're laughing having a good time. how about this this. is the rule always know. where you are and be aware. of other people i think that that's a huge key. of it and if you just keep that. in the back of your head. i think that things will probably work. out a little bit better. for you and the people because you don't want your vibe. to get ruined right. because the bottom line is you don't want your vibe. to get ruined but well. here's the thing if people are coming. up to these two women. and saying [ __ ] like what did they say that they said hey you're laughing too loud. you're too loud say something. mean back to them. there's nothing ruder than being. like you're enjoying yourself too. much you're fat like this. you're enjoying yourself too much. you're short you're ugly yeah you're too that. is it you're too zitty. yeah two zitty you're too city. you're too city you're two. cities all right cool a tale. of two city awful. you know what i'm saying you. your podcast should be gone. now because you said that. a tale of two. city yeah no it's good. all right it should be the title. of the episode no let's do another. one all right you guys so i have a such a pleasant. plenty of problem i'm hoping you can. help me out but uh me and my boyfriend have been together for over. four years we've been living together. for one and recently has been telling me. that i am mean to. him in my sleep. oh wow so i normally. go to bed a bit. earlier than him so when he gets into. bed i'm already asleep and when he tries. to cuddle up and get close. he says that i make these angry. noises and um that i am just angry. and rude to. him and i'm not conscious of any of this. yep um the only way. i even know what's happening. is because he'll tell me in the morning. yeah um and of course i don't want to. be mean uh but what can i do. i would appreciate your thoughts. thank you guys well you're not. being mean when you're asleep. you're not awake you secretly hate. them you're subconsciously very active when you're sleeping. no you hate him you don't. even know what's happening and you can't be held responsible. for things when you're sleeping. there are actually cases where people. have killed people while they're sleepwalking. and they don't go to. jail because come on they were yeah i saw that they didn't go. to jail no whoa you're not responsible. for something that you don't. know that you're doing it. yeah but then don't yeah but okay. you have to. either be willingly or knowingly killing. someone i think honestly what if you get if you kill. someone in your sleep. and you get off and you don't have to. go to jail you still have to. go to sleep. jail you have to. sleep in jail that's [ __ ] crazy. no when do you go. to sleep you are in jail. that's what i'm saying no. i thought you said when you go when you go to. sleep you have to. go to jail in a jail. i'm saying when you're asleep. you dream of being oh you didn't. say dreams that was obvious. but you didn't say dream. right it pissing me. off you're so stupid. and i understand what i said. how is that you didn't. say obviously you use the same. word but i was obviously saying something. different because you had just said something. so if i say something different. it's not going to. be the exact same. thing you said why. not we always do that. no never yes we do dude. what i said was literally our dad. always does that yeah. but not me yes you do dude. we do that no i don't do. it dude you can't be mad at me. for using i used certain words in the sentence. i said when you go to. sleep i don't even. get to talk i said when are you. going to get the dog. i said when you go to. sleep you're in jail you said you go to. jail when you go to. sleep what no there are. different things and you know how they're different. things the words are a different. [ __ ] order yeah but you didn't say the word dream which is the key. element to the [ __ ] sentence. dude i didn't want to. say i left it. out anyway you know it's true. no and later on i knew. it was true everything i do every note was the same. undo it found you know. do you know wow did you know. that deaf i do it. for you dude you honestly. [ __ ] that up royally. nah because you go to. sleep nah and then you you have to. go check into jail. to sleep is what i'm saying. that's what you're saying. and what you're saying is you go. to sleep in jail say in jail. so bad all right. so i think that that's where you need to. go to sleep. you need to. go to a [ __ ] state pen to. to go to sleep. because you or if you do that. but also for you for the young. for the young lady you hate him. break up with him no. dude the guy has to. [ __ ] grow a nut. sack and understand that when someone's asleep. they're not themselves like you're taking it personally. god not yourself like when you sleep. you're just like hello how are you dude. when you go home when you go to. cuddle someone who normally. wants to cuddle but when they're sleeping. they're like ah that's not them. that's true that's just i mean. what a [ __ ] idiot that's the truth. no you're the true you when you're sleeping. no you're really stupid for saying. that you're really stupid the end. no dude yeah i was gonna say. stupid for saying that but then i stopped short. and just said you're really stupid. you ever wake up and you got a a like a bone. doggy yeah yeah that's that's like. the true you buy a lot. so stupid you don't know you're that horny. you wake up you go. oh [ __ ] i didn't know it's not that you're i guess the real me was horny. it's not that you're horny. it's the more there's like a thing. called morning wood. you wake up with it. i mean the guy talking to. me there's a thing called morning. wood i know that's like being like that's like a [ __ ] tom hanks was like yeah. i was in a little movie. called saving private ryan i don't know if you know it i know what morning. wood is dude saving ryan's privates. dude you make the worst. joke it's not true this episode. is brought to. you by betterhelp the best version. of myself comes when i feel centered and relaxed. and anxiety free and when i'm at my best i can do great. things okay and that's pretty much. that's true for anybody sometimes life. gets you bogged down and you may feel overwhelmed or like you're not. showing up in the way. that you want to. i've been there i know. you have too yes and here's something. that can help working. with a therapist they can help. you get closer to. the best version of you. they certainly might help. you get to the best. version of me when you feel empowered. you're more prepared to. take on everything life throws. at you if you're thinking of going. to therapy give it a try. but better help is the best. option it's a great option. to do it better. help works it's convenient. here's why it's good they're flexible. they're affordable this is the best part. they're entirely online and all you. got to do is just fill out. a very brief questionnaire. to get matched with a licensed. therapist and uh the cool thing. is if you don't like the one. they match you up with even which you will. you can switch and with no it's no. additional charge like it's just they find. you the right match. no waiting lists yeah no waiting. rooms yup boom yep if you want to. live a more empowered life. therapy can get you there. visit betterhelp dot com. lifeline today to. get 10 off your first month. that's betterhelp help help dot com. lifeline saving ryan's morning. wood the what's up chris uh no. dude a video game character. painted it up video game. character with an 8bit beard. dude that beard is. shippy yeah dude this is him. no it's just photoshopped on the screen. when he moves it like tracks and it's an instagram. filter okay also that's common also that's our producer chris a what our. producer chris all right let's see. i live in new york. city so new york we're in timberlands. that guy's almost here nothing. is more new york. than a [ __ ] lightskinned black dude. with a dope beard and tim's dude. this guy is like yo. bronx all day how do you know he's wearing tents you're saying there's no way. he's not wearing thames i bet. he's not wearing any shoes. oh he's wearing times okay. go ahead okay okay matt my name is adam. i live in new york. city girls out on dates. um you know i like to. go china restaurants trying to. events nothing and obviously whenever i'm on. these dates i pay. for everything and that's completely okay. but the issue that i'm running. into is that when i'm on these dates. i'm trying to figure out. like is this girl actually here because she's interested. in me she sees a great. handsome young man with a great. beard that's a that's a filter. that's a velcro oh no. it's an actual filter does. she just want some guy to. pay for her talking you can see its movies. that night just a free. date oh it is um so i guess. my question to you is how can i figure out. what their motive is to. see if it's genuine or not um chris. i'll see you in new york. on february 18th. hell yeah he's confused. about their motivation can you like give me give. me an example what he means like what. he's saying is he he wants. we've talked about this on the episode. before and you were like you kind of like kicked. back on it i was like someone women. will go on dates just because it's a date. and they get to. eat food and you still don't believe. in that but dude. and then i go like this. but hoes though but that's not. you're acting like hoes don't. exist that's not a real thing. that's not a thing dude. because i've never encountered in my life. or never even heard of it. from like an actual person. in my life hoes so you're telling me. this is we're just gonna do the exact. same thing we went over. on the other episode but so he's saying how do i know. here's the thing he here's what this. guy's talking about yes sometimes a woman. is just into. you and wants to. hang out with you yeah sometimes. on the extreme version if a girl's. from a whole city. right or just really hard. the only way reason to. do that is because you're really hungry. if she's the mayor of hoseville if she won. by a landslide to. be the governor of host city. right okay okay i get it. okay right and and she just went to. eat which is not usual. okay there's that's the other end. of it but sometimes a girl. is unsure if she likes you or not. yeah she's like i don't know. this guy's got to. kickass beard is a little bit. of a upside down head. because he should have hair on it. more the hair should be longer. on the top of his head. than it is in the bottom of his head. right so um i don't know if i like him. so let's see what you got bro. yeah well that's normal take him. out wine and dine me you know do the thing. pull out all the stops be cool. but also be a little bit mysterious. don't do everything open. the door once but not on the way. home because it's like no then maybe it's like oh we opened the door. first but then he didn't afterwards. does he not like me. anymore and then you're in the door. just open the door or you're mysterious. that's not mysterious to. not open a door it's. good when you're dating to. open the door before you. get to the restaurant. and then after the restaurant. you don't open the door. so the chick is like does he not. like me anymore who what kind of [ __ ] loser. are you dude i'm just saying it. what's that guy's name the guy. that used to. like nag girls mister i don't do. this siri i could write a book. on it though i know how to. you know what i mean. i got something about me. that's very oh does. he like me or not. his name mystery mystery mystery that's you no you get the nail. paint and everything your [ __ ] mystery dude how are unit is a top hat and look more like tommy lee and then you're all set so what i'm saying is that you've got to. kind of work with it. and it's okay that that a woman. is like that it's okay. that a woman is like let's see what. you got right totally that's what a date. is this dude is a very handsome. dude you could tell even though. he's got that [ __ ] but my question. is is he asking how does he tell. the difference between the kind of women. who are like i want to. see what you got versus the kind of women. that like him i think what he no. what what i think is doing no. strouse is even worse. what i think he's doing is saying how do i know if a girl really likes me. or not i think that if you you know. i think i know how and i have a good. i have a good way. it's better than your way. okay so uh uh all like we're on a date. you're the woman i'm the man. and i'm just like okay now i'm gonna just go. we're gonna go okay. well have you seen any good movies. lately um yeah what were they what. have you seen lately. i saw blue do you really like me. and then they'll she'll be so caught off. guard that you this. show have to. answer i don't have time. to think of a lie. but you i i don't you don't want to. know about blue streak blue. streak was in 1998 with martin. lawrence and luke wilson. more movies or is it. who i said oh wow. dude instead of playing [ __ ] raging [ __ ] oh wow wow all right well let's do another one then is there another light on that wasn't on there is yeah oh the door the window's open but that's okay we like it okay it's nice if it's changing the aesthetic. though it's not oh is it. bouncing on us foreign. okay let's do it. okay a gym floor. no i didn't hear. a word you said anthony. said i think i got sun here outside. okay cool what's up chris. and matt my name is brian. mccready and i live in chicago. and i've been taking voice lessons. for for like two to. three years and i write songs. and i do open. minds and stuff like that. and it's fun but i'm still getting. better at singing i've improved a lot. but got a lot more work to. do and i can't sing with vibrato. oh and chris i know really you have. silky smooth vibrato that. you whip out at a moment's. notice and it's actually it's actually really impressive. i think i think it's really impressive. uh so i want to. know one of us have you ever. done voice exercises before. you do voice exercises but but have you. or or do you have any tips. for me for developing vibrato. can you show me how to. do it all right. you're a serial killer dude. yeah i thought that right. when i saw it actually actual serial killer right. when i saw him he has only killed two people so far but in total before he gets caught he will have killed 12. and he'll get caught. when he does like three at once. and it's too many bites. off more than he could yeah. yeah he's he's uh the good looking. dude and honestly let me just say this. so is [ __ ] you know congrats. on here's a guy who's got a good. attitude about [ __ ] he's doing the work he's going to. voice lessons he says i have a lot. more work to do i'm working on. my voice i'm doing open. mics that's great there are so many people that just want to. be famous and [ __ ] yeah that this kind of attitude. is necessary and it's like it's fallen. by the wayside now and we understand. why because people just want the instant big. and all that [ __ ] but um so props to. this guy here's the other thing. you don't need vibrato. you don't need vibrato. of course i can do it. but there's the proof that you don't need vibration but you don't. need to because if i was just like of course i can. do it you get the silky. smooth [ __ ] god i honestly cannot describe. how much i hate when you do. that all right well that's more you than me. look i'm whatever i'm just saying why. i hate it why. because it's it's ugly. sounding what dude yeah it's bad. okay well you don't like roselle and me who oh brazil. yeah i mean it's josh. groban's like not my thing. that's all oh and you do the group. you actually don't like that kind of stuff. in general yeah dude obviously oh i thought it was just me well. i dislike it extra when you do it. but no i don't like vibrato. okay well i'm gonna have to. keep doing it because i especially have to. do it for this one. but the dude it's fine. work on it if you want that's fine. but also you don't need to. it's really dope if you can just hold the note. and [ __ ] like just kind of like edge. it out with no vibrato. that's awesome i understand but but here's the thing. and i don't and this is a negative. way of saying this but i don't mean. to be negative because you can. kill it like this. stay in your lane dude. stay in your [ __ ] lane if your lane is killer. dude jeff ross. he does this [ __ ] he does the roasting that's his lane. he kills it on. that [ __ ] he's not the guy that's gonna come up. and do political humor. you understand what i'm saying so just stay in your lane. you can make a lot of money. doing that [ __ ] you know what i'm saying you don't need to. be oh you don't need to. do that you can just what. i'm saying is stay in your lane. you know what i'm saying it's ill. to do that i can't do either. one right so everyone knows i'm a better. singer than you no so my advice. is by the way dude. why does everyone say. that you should get the dangly earring. did i don't know everybody. online is saying matt to. get the dang the earring. not me when i [ __ ] decided to. get the dangly earring first. because i'm it's it i i understand. why it's hard to. explain it's like maybe you won't get it. because you're not on our level. oh we all understand. that it morph it fits my persona. and my head more than it. fits yours for sure okay so it's a head thing. i think so yeah you don't look. good in hats yeah. i do well how is it. more of a persona. thing or more of a head. thing uh it's a little bit of both. to be perfectly. honest if you want to. know the truth it's a little bit. about it just sucks. dude i want to. get it well then get it. we'll both have it but like that's on. you like i'm getting it. the gay side. or the what's oh is. that still a thing a right. side i don't know i would do. both i'm gonna get the gay. side okay i'm not gonna do. any gay [ __ ] you get one i get the other one we put our heads together it looks like we're one head i'm not gonna i'm not gonna i'm gonna get the gay side is that still even a thing dude i don't know but i'm gonna get everything dude i mean i can't even say what i'm gonna say but it's like yeah it was a thing george michael had it [music]. it's correlation not causation that doesn't. mean he did it because he was gay. it just means george michael who was gay. had it well you know. history is gonna tell because probably like way. back when it wasn't gay. and then it was gay. and now it's not gay. and then it's like i'm gonna get the gay. side and i'm not gonna do. any gay stuff no okay. well i'm gonna get it i i don't even. know i don't even think that's a thing. anymore honestly okay so you're gonna get their dangly earring. yes i want to. know what size you're getting because i'm getting. a bigger size he's gonna. walk around like this uh i'm gonna get to. barry bonds like this [laughter]. if i let it go my ear. stretches dude how about the people. with what chris what do. they call the earrings with the what. do they call those again. gage dude cages how about you get that how about you get that. you gotta start small but i honestly. do not like that that's disgusting. it's disgusting yeah but it is. cool because like you know. what it is actually really nice for is. because sometimes like with hoop. earrings you like if people have big earrings it's blocking [ __ ] but if you have a circle you can and you're behind them in the movie theater you can just watch a movie through that i think it's good especially when you get shot at because you can get out of the way and then just go like no and hold your ear up so the bullet goes through so necessary all right cool yeah all right cool oh i missed. i missed bleeding. all right next one my name is nicole. is that a tattoo that's cool. love both the podcast. i gotta get it. and my question today is about relationships. so i frequently find myself in friends. with benefit situations when i truly want a committed relationship. and so my first question. is is there anything i as the woman. could do once i'm in a situation. like that to help. progress it into a. relationship or at that point. is it just too late. and followup question from the guy's perspective. i'm just curious what makes you decide you want a committed. relationship versus a hookup. all right thanks love you. guys wow that is such a very. sweet such a good. question it is a good. question you know why it's such a good. question knew the answers. you can't because i wish i knew the answer. to the second part. but which was what part. the part about what makes you not want. to advance a relationship with some women. versus uh wanted to. advance the relationship with other women. so for me i could speak with personal. experience it's it's always been well not always but like with kristen. when i met kristen i just knew immediately. immediately that this was a woman. that you just i wanted to. be with it was immediate. it was like her energy. i always describe it as her energy. you know and it was just so obvious. and so apparent and then she gelled so well with me. now has that happened with other women. before in my past uh yeah. but it hasn't always been that sometimes. you try to make a relationship. work here's the deal. she's still young and she can figure it out. it's a fair question. but um i think it's always about a thing you i think you know. really really early on. but yeah i guess but i don't know what i see. something yeah different though. you know i know i know because i'm smart. but uh i i think that the first question. you have which is like what. can you do to. make to put things more. on one track as opposed to. the other i think uh uh it's i don't even know the answer. to that either to. be honest but like i think that maybe maybe it's i mean. i don't know you and i don't know. your patterns so it's harder to. say i would ask you questions. if you were still here with us. but maybe it has something to. do with the fact that you are like kind of in a hurry. and one thing that scares a lot. of men is like when they sense. that the woman that they've started. to date is in a hurry. to get into a relationship. it's not even that they don't. want to get in a relationship. is that they start. to get a little like scared. and that makes that sort of repels. them oh it's almost like biological. physiological that a lot of men. have this thing where they're just like. oh she wants to. be with me so badly now. i'm like a little bit cautious. and scared to do the same. it's almost like they don't understand. why you would want to. be in a relationship with them. because yeah you know. i mean like yeah i get that. yeah i i um that's like a that's like a nice. reading for the towards them if you're looking for something you can do generously. that is tangible uh the only thing. i say and this doesn't necessarily work. with every guy but i think generally if you just don't rush. into bed with them. if you're specifically saying rushing to. bed i'm saying specifically don't rush. into bed with them. i'm just saying specifically don't rush. broadly don't rush you're specifically saying. bad bad yes okay because i'm saying you because you can sleep. with somebody right away but not rush. into the relationship but what i'm saying. is don't rush physically but haven't you yes i have too so like that's why. i'm saying i'm i'm different but i'm saying generally but i think most oh really yeah. generally i think most guys are like that. well that's stupid it is. stupid guys are dumb. in that situation in that way. i think that if you sleep. with somebody first of all like i don't think that that's bad. at all i i i've been married. twice and both times i i've been married. uh that wasn't an issue. like you just you you meet them. and you know you like them. immediately and it's just off to. the races you go at the pace. at which you feel comfortable. yes exactly and and and i think that you can. you can sleep someone on the first night. and be married to. them and be have lived long. and happy with them but i think generally guys. are uh they're less i think that generally and i think that this. is a shortcoming for men. generally is that if you meet them. and you sleep with them. that they discount you and i think that that's shitty. but i think most men are like that. they think oh she probably does. that a lot uh i can't. be with a girl that does that. a lot well that sucks though. because then these stupid ass [ __ ] guys are basically punishing women for being confident. enough to know that they're that. they're interested correct like go. along with what their intuitions are. yeah hey guys yeah. don't be like that no i know. i agree so i agree the advice. actually good question because the advice is now. for all the guys out there. just because a woman wants to. have sex with you on. the earlier side. of things it doesn't mean. anything about them to like in terms of like. a snap judgment it's just every individual. she wanted to exactly. i think that that's great. and healthy and if a woman does. that and knows that that's what she wants. and that's what she does. then that's great and that's that's a person. that i would want to. be with because of how much they knew about themselves. and they're not doing something. because they think it's wrong or think. you know what i mean. i think it's right. because they want to. everybody's different though unfortunately you want to. support your squirt unfortunately you probably write. that most guys do yeah because guys are [ __ ] idiots in that way they're just like they think in black and white [ __ ] or you know what i mean yeah dude what do you mean still bro. there's still racism. out there well that's not what we're talking about but i know but i'm saying that we progress. and people think that we're moving. forward as a country and as as a a hole in society but we're really we're not you know i mean we are except for there's always going to. be north florida yeah. do you know what i'm saying. yeah so it's like yeah. you can you can say most guys. most guys don't do that. but then also jacksonville right. most guys don't do that. but also daytona right yeah everybody don't do that. but also tallahassee right like these are these places. that are real did you say jacksonville. i did yeah okay. yeah it was the first one. i said i'm a goldfish don't remember. [ __ ] i don't i really so uh i have a bad bad job. so yeah i think that if you're looking for something. tangible just don't give it up. on the first night which sucks. even if you want to. it's just like guys are idiots. about that [ __ ] but also guys are like yeah let's do it let's do it so what the [ __ ] is that because here's the deal if you ask. a guy usually generally again. if you ask a guy well meet your meet your dream. girl okay in every aspect you ask a guy you want. to sleep with her now or you want. to sleep with her in a month. they're going to be like now. then why do they take that. information and then use it. hold it against them. they do that that's just why. is what i'm gonna say. i don't know i'm not a [ __ ] psychologist but that's what happens. and then their dream girl. becomes oh not necessarily they're their dream. girl don't like that i don't like it. either that's stupid well i don't do. that and you don't do. that but i'm saying guys. do that we're talking about just people people. you know all right all right. cool two hats on. all right so yeah we'll do another one. but yeah look how much taller. i look with this well yeah you have two hats. on okay okay the worst. the worst style yo what up. man chris my name's jason. from east texas more. episodes but i understand. having a brother it's tough to. be around them for more than an hour. yeah you know what's up. i have a question. that refers back to. an older episode where the guy. asked about how to. deal with interrupters i have a question about being the interrupter. i am the interrupter. oh wow do it good. on you the reason that i do it. is so i can get my words. in if i don't i just don't get it. in the conversation blows by. me um at work the discussion. like if i don't agree with something. or i need to. tag something in there. it just doesn't happen you know. my mind doesn't work like it. used to probably. due to all the herb i used. to smoke but how do i interrupt without being a dick. would love to. help thanks so much. love you guys well you can get the oops. buttons at chrisley dot com and those help. and you're a dick. but that's owning the situation i'm a dick. oops i'll be the dick. for you right i can tell you right. now okay as simple. as this excuse me i'm sorry. but then you do that. yeah that's what excuse me. was invented for right. besides getting it out of somebody's way you could rip a loud. fart too no then farted. but not only are you still an [ __ ] but you're involving your [ __ ] oh my god you're double [ __ ] oh god i farted i'm sorry i didn't mean to. but anyway what i was gonna say. is wow yeah wow worst. segway dude i i was going. to bed last night and well actually i i put calvin in bed. kristin's out of town so i put calvin in bed. and um i laid he said. that were you away with me for a bit. and i laid with him. for a bit and we were just chilling. and then i hear and i go i look at him. and he goes and i was like oh my god that's hilarious. and then i did it. and then he goes oh yuck. it was really cute. that now he knows that farts are funny. and also disgusting it's true. this guy's question. um i i don't there yeah you're right. you just say excuse me but but here's the thing. you get so chomping at the bit. you're this guy and you've been this. guy for so long that you get so chopped. at the bit that you're like but what i want. to say matters but here's the thing. though dude yeah you're right. yeah so you gotta you gotta work. on listening and you gotta you know. and also you gotta understand. what you're gonna say doesn't matter. it doesn't that's the thing it. really doesn't that's the key. usually it doesn't matter. because people are just going. to say what they're going. to say anyway so if there's an argument basically there's a lost cause [applause]. wait what i don't it's a lost. cause if you're having an argument. it's a lost cause anyway. nobody listens to. anyone yes well that's like dude. people follow that train of thought. that no one would ever talk. to anybody so that's not gonna work. okay the categorical imperative says that it's not. a fruitful selection agent smith categorical so what you do is either say excuse me or just simply oh i'm sorry. but i gotta say i gotta say like address. your interruption pardon the [ __ ] right. you could be like busy bone. but just address the interruption. acknowledge the interruption that alone. makes it way less [ __ ] how about that for interruption. i didn't care i bulldozed right. through that [ __ ] rudeness um yeah it's uh well that's nice to. know that you're an interrupter. look the step first step. is you got the problem. and you realize it and you're addressing it. and that's okay uh and you got to. work on it you know. but that's that those are the two things. excuse me actually um but yeah it's the tone. thing too because kristin. always is like you got a tone when you. say excuse me well no but i'm like there's different. ways of saying like i just wanna. can i can i say what. i was gonna say like that's all rude. though right right right. but like excuse me though. but like no i understand. but excuse me sorry and i don't mean. to interrupt i still sound like a dick. i can't help it. some people just have that yeah. but be genuinely mean sorry. when you say it you can't. just say it as lip service. like you do i'm very sorry. so so you could be like i'm very sorry. i understand what you're saying. yeah um i just want to. kind of throw something in there. i already sound like a dick. i can't help it. i mean then don't sound like a dick. go out of your way. okay sound less like a dick. i'm sorry i just want to. say why are you canadian. why are you being canadian. i'm so sorry um about about what. you're saying so so then can you do it. oh i'm sorry i i just i feel like uh i have to. say something uh i'm sorry. oh excuse me sorry i i'm gonna forget. if i don't say it. okay okay that sounds just as rude. do you you guys sound equally. yeah i don't think he sounds. rude yeah that don't sound rude. you sound rude okay well you don't know what you're doing. because you're you i'm listening. to me okay i'm i'm sorry. i just um i'm gonna forget. oh i'm gonna forget that. see that's good here's what here's what it. is here's the difference you act. like it's all coming at you. then and you're apologizing for that. you're not just like oh and yeah. oh i'm sorry oh dude. yeah yeah yeah yeah i'm gonna think of this. right now you're a piece. of [ __ ] yeah that's it that's perfect you're a piece of [ __ ] that's perfect what you're saying is shitty yeah that's great. yeah um yeah honestly. though he's right the the it's so important. we all have our shortcomings and it's so important. to understand what those are and not think that. we're up to. snuff in every [ __ ] possible. department because nobody is and people who think they're like as this. as everyone else and as that. everyone else or as the best. of them it's just not. true nobody's the best at everything. and so like people that aren't for instance. people who aren't funny and know they're not funny. automatic leg up on everybody. else who isn't funny and thinks that they're funny. hold on people that are dumb. and are like i'm not that. smart they're better than people. who are dumb and think. they're smart right right right. right right right yeah just two examples. yeah yeah true everybody. kind of so it applies to. this guy who's like oh man. i'm a dick i interrupt but like i don't. want to be so that already makes you. better and so when you interrupt you will. already be less of a [ __ ] [ __ ] when you do yeah yeah yeah feel that that's it that's what you're working with feel that. feel that what you're you. know you sent in a video. to lifeline feel that what you felt when you sent a lifeline. when you're having a conversation with somebody. there we go we did. it picture my face picture. my face put your my green. beanie picture my [ __ ] ab fab shirt that says i'm patsy stone i'm 39. okay all right picture matt. yeah okay well look i'm gonna be in new york. i'm gonna be in louisiana. tonight i'm gonna be in new york. uh in two weeks. in chicago uh boise uh minneapolis. god it would be great. if you put up my thing right. uh or hard s on. boise huh boise yeah. that's still doing that okay. you gotta you that's how that's what it. is okay okay so providence. rhode island uh uh kansas city. springfield is a tulsa midland texas. austin two shows there in austin cincinnati. we're killing it dude. we're having a good time chris lea. don't push me tour. uh and uh i put some clips. of my stand up. up on my chrisley official. channel go check those out thanks. a lot guys micro machines uh magically dot com. for oneonone sessions with me matalia. talk about your problems give specific oneonone. advice we go back and forth. with it it's a more personalized. book me now matchally dot com and get your merch. at what is it lifelinemerch dot com. and yeah if you have a question. click in the uh to. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com [music]. 