 [music] runk alabama. coming up october 10th 11th and 12th uh montgomery. alabama birmingham alabama and i mobile. right is that how you say. it mobile alabama there we go. and toronto ontario november. 9th bismar sou falls. then uh brea california. i've got dates in there. go to chrystal lea dot com. to get all them tickets. uh and it is now. time for the uh 45th episode. of [music] congratulations [music]. congratulations i feel like honestly maybe mark zuckerberg is going to. like in the his fashion. just keeps getting really way. way way up like just every time. i see him he just looks way. way doper and you know. it'll probably be honestly. a few years until. he just starts dressing like neo from the matrix. now that would be so fresh and i will tell you what. if he did that if he kept on cuz look let's let's face. it what is he 40. i don't even know is he older. than me or is he younger. than me he's probably around. 40 right he doesn't really age. he looks great but here's the deal. he he is uh finally getting. shirts that look hip right. he looked he looked just like a guy. you know now obviously people make fun. they talk he talks like a robot. and this and that and he puts. all that white face on him. when he starts to. uh do surfing or whatever. it is uh and i guess just cuz you pick. stuff up you pick up hobbies. doesn't mean you have a personality. and doesn't mean you're dynamic. but i will say uh dressing like this. boy oh boy if he would just amp it. up a little more and in a few. years start dressing like i mean. honestly he could get to. see that's the thing i used to. talk about when i would get like the more famous. you get the more crazy you got to. dress he needs to. start dressing like mr. t eventually and i would be on facebook. for life i mean i'm not i'm not even. on facebook i'm on facebook. i'm have a fan page. on facebook that uh i have but uh anyway whatever. meta right not facebook. it's meta uh i guess i didn't even. i don't know though you know. um they have those ar glasses. that are like going to. change i think meta. is probably just such a it's not. going away huh they just keep making stuff. you know facebook the website got corn and they were like well. but we're ai now. and we changed our name in meta. and now we're we're glasses. and you can basically just have these glasses. on and why is this. legal you can just have glasses. on and be recording people and also looking. at other things while walking. down the street that straight up should be illegal. it's annoying that people walk with their phones. on the sidewalk and now people are just going. to have these ar glasses while. driving just while driving watching the ufc they they it. has to do a speed. thing like uh oh are you driving. now you can't be watching stuff. when you're driving that's going. to be awesome on the plane. though huh that' be. great on the plane i got uh headphones. or what do you call. them air pods what do you call. the ones that you stick. in your ear air air pods. yeah um i never know. and i got my budget. on air air pods is about 6k a year. it's just dude first of all. they are all the packaging. is absolutely horrendous okay it's slippery. and also rounded hey it's basically a [ __ ] rly ball right. and so here's the other thing. sweats what's with the pockets. like this there in cahoots clothing. company and airpods air uh ear. [ __ ] phones whatever you call them they they they they're in cahoots the the airpods. are like look we really love. the sideways slit design uh every time someone sits down. they're out $150 if they get air. airpods right because they're going. to fall out and don't you dare. even mention zippers no. no no no no sweatpants sweatpants we. like them slitty and uh we'll keep our [ __ ] round. this way we'll we'll give you a kickback. you're telling me that airpods. aren't given uh uh uh champion and and you know what i mean. target whoever's selling these sweatpants they're not. giving them kickbacks dude. i bought sony po. because i'm pissed i get dude. i they they're too small. and i they're impossible not to. lose and i had so many different. i've i've been giving them i've been i've gotten them. as gifts i've gotten them. i've paid for them at the airport. i'm like all right i got to. do it i got to. have it um bought some sony. ones which were great. i finally they also they always fall out. of my ear the airpod. ones this is my impression. of an airpod going in my ear. after after six minutes ah no. and they just fall out. and and and you got to. be like and then they slip and fall and you don't know where they go. and and and so i got the sony ones. and they finally fit in there. i i i literally opened up. the package i opened up the package i i put them in my ear. got on my plane. didn't have the case anymore. just it's gone and here's the thing. i don't know i don't i don't know what happened. to it dude. like i'm like but what actually did. it fall out of my did. i i had sweats dude they're in cahoots with the [ __ ] airpods. and and i got the $100 something hundred something dollar one. so i'm just like i guess. got again so now you know what i did. i just i i rode them. out it was like 50% when i put him in my ear and i just watched a few episodes of dmer on netflix because i i heard it was good and and it just died by the time the plane landed i'm like there we go charge it to. the game that's [ __ ] airphone tax airpod. tax airpod airpod chris airpod. um so i i just it just makes me. angry but you know. a lot of a lot of stuff. does so it's okay. i'm going to see. megalopolis first of all the name megalopolis. is just it's too much. okay don't call it that. i watched uh the preview for it it's a movie that came out. the director of godfather uh did it. uh franc fort copa. megalopolis uh and i i i did a table. read for him once and it was so long i couldn't even [ __ ] believe it dude. i did a table read. for him the thing was about 700. no was what was it. like 400 something pages. and dude we took a break. because we had to. and it was with me. leave shriver uh uh uh philip seamour hoffman who's the the one. um thurman and like joe mona and me right. like why the [ __ ] was i there and i went and i was just like d and i'll never forget. at the end liv shriber said it's a beautiful. piece and now dude it just really is a beautiful. piece liv shriber has to. be a big i don't know him. he has to be a big. [ __ ] right look at his face look at his face right there his face he basically i mean uh if he's not a dick it doesn't make any it doesn't make any sense honestly um and he's in that new show with nicole kidman uh one time i saw a woman that was just i one time i saw a woman i was at the improv. she walked in and i got and i and my heart. stopped because it was nicole. kidman and i'm like oh sh. what the [ __ ] she just comes to. the improv like a regular person. and i'm like i got to. say something right. like i i love her. or this was a long time. ago i was like i don't know if i could like steal. her away from whoever she's dating just a lunatic. and um and i i i i i i'm like what is she doing. she was like with nobody and and and like maybe she was with somebody. but i i didn't really pay. attention but then i walked up to. her and it just wasn't nicole. kidman and i'm just like made up. the whole thing in my head. and i was so wrong. and one time dude i don't have face. blindness but one time my friend. has face blindness and one time. i have face blindness honestly. when it comes to. and i'm i don't even mean. to be racist but some other races sometimes. i have it and we know. which one i'm talking about. because i could watch a whole. show that takes place. dude i might be r. maybe i'm not racist but my i have the face. blindness race the racist face blindness because i it. really activates during movies. that i watch that were made in korea. that's all i'm saying so uh but like i'll be damned. if a character has different clo if it has different. clothes on i'm i'm i'm i can't. but i don't have face. blind blindness but i do usually. with the with the asian movies and then pretty much that's it. but um so one time i i went to. uh that's good if i just blame it. on me right i have face. blindness when it comes to. that there we go i i'm the problem. and so but i uh i did um dude. i used to. get wow i'm all over the place. man i used to. this is both of these stories are place. in new york but i but i one time. i was like dad who's the guy. that gets that gets mixed up. with robert dairo and she and the lady a lady walks by me says alucino and it and it wasn't that that's not what i was thinking of and i got mad at the lady. and i was like nine so i get it. i i i i i i i've always been this. [ __ ] but but um speaking of faceb on this i walked up i was at a hotel lobby. once in new york okay i see a guy. that my dad knows for years. i see him and my dad. know has been him for years. my dad hasn't talked to. him in a while and i know that. my dad is going. to flip if i tell him. i saw him so i call up. i call up my dad. and i say dad you're not going. to believe this i'm in the ho. this hotel lobby in new york. and i'm i'm really close. to and i said the guy's name uh isn't that crazy. he said are you kidding. me and i said nope. and he said well you got to. walk up to. him and give him the phone. you got to go say. hi and i say all right. i'll go i give him the phone. i walk up to. the dude and i say hey did i say the guy's name and the guy. looks at me and goes like this. no no and it was just a russian guy. it wasn't the guy. and i go oh sorry. and then i go that it's not him. and i leave oh you know u. well you win some you lose. some you win some you lose. some here's here's uh dave gro uh dave gr had a b had. a baby um with a somebody who's um not his wife. and it's like look don't be doing that. right hey let's just put out a blanket. statement if you're married. and you've got kids don't be spurting. in other women with no d. on cuz n9 months. later you never know what could happen. okay now did you splurt. up in her yes now did. you get a pregnant yes now did they have a baby. yes now is your wife. upset probably yes no are your daughters. upset yes no did everyone think you're a good guy yes not check this out right. cuz it was basically just him. and counter re just running. the [ __ ] running the running. the game on oh hey these are why can't you be more like him. guys you know i mean. and you know women would say that. and they don't know him. and i'm sure k. re rees has his demons and whatever but it's like dude. okay so i'm like okay. so dave gro spurted in another. okay and had a baby. and whoopsy daisy but he he did that. he did that all right. and everyone's like great i can't. believe it now i can't. not everyone but some people are like i can't even listen. to his music anymore. great can't even listen. to his music anymore. because where he spurted so i'm like okay. and they're like i thought he was such a nice. guy and i'm like why did his face. look like a nice guy's face. does he smile a lot. why huh cuz he went. on ellen why hey cuz he did. oprah why is he nice. hey why do you think he's a good. guy huh he's a rock. star rock stars are pieces. of [ __ ] and you know what it's kind of why a lot of people listen. to rock music cuz they let their piece of [ __ ] fly right you think lenny kravitz didn't splurt in another are you kidding you think and i'm not even going like but you think uh uh uh the the the band members of dig didn't splurt another dude you don't think meade death and metallica you don't think they splurt another are you kidding me. they wouldn't even have been created. been able to create an to. the sandman if they didn't. splurt in another an that's on. god what's the uh enter the dude. i'm oh [ __ ] scott sta nickelback he looks nice spurting. in others you know uh uh let's not. forget they're rock stars dude. it's like getting mad at a rapper. for calling a woman a [ __ ] it's the culture. hey if you're a rocker and you were in nirvana. you spart others dude. and that's just how it goes. part of the culture is to. go hi ma'am splurt whoopsy daisy nine months. later it's part of the culture. it's part of coacha it's just absolutely. asinine that these people are like great. now i can't listen to. dave the you mean. the rock music i mean. for [ __ ] sake dude it's like rock just what are you gonna what's next you're gonna get mad. at [ __ ] chingy for getting. his dick sucked. what's next you know. you're going to get mad. at uh ti. got accused of a buch of crazy. random [ __ ] and everyone's just still it that's hiphop dave croll spurting. whatever it's fine um oh here. we go [ __ ] uh look look at this. stupid [ __ ] united airlines man united airlines dude well here wa hold on before. i even get into. this corey taylor says dave. gro having b baby outside amerage doesn't mean. he's does not mean he's not a nice. person yeah okay here we go. there we go there. we go friends coming to. rescue to. friends yeah it's irresponsible but doesn't mean. he's not a nice person. people just want to. be like what if he was just like dave. gro was like i got to. put out a press. conference and he was like guys. look i i tr look i get it. you're pissed i'm not who you. thought i was you saw me. sitting on oprah's couch you know. i've got daughters you thought i was this. great guy and there was a chick. and like if you just if you saw her. though you'd get it. you'd get it now look some of you. might use a helmet but you'd still look. at it and be like i get not using one. right you'd get splitting. all up in it and so so uh anyway [music]. crazy hey yo let's take a break. listen i want to. talk you about ship station the world. keeps getting smarter right. now that's great but it's also stressful. because maybe you have an ecommerce business. and you're like well that should get smarter. too well ship station has got you covered. ship station helps you. achieve exceptional shipping efficiency with a robust. allinone order fulfillment system that integrates with over. 180 of the most popular. ecommerce platforms marketplaces and car barriers. uh you can lead your business. into the future. with technology built to. save you from extra. costs and headaches take it. from me it's the fastest. most affordable way to. ship products to. your customers with discount discounts up to. 89% off ups dhl express n usps rates. um it's seeming it's uh it's seamless. and you can integrate it with services. and selling channels that you already have and manage. orders on uh a very easy. dashboard it's effortless almost uh deliver. a better customer experience with industryleading features that help. you find the best carrier. rates over 130,000 companies have grown their ecommerce business with ship station and 98% of companies that stick with ship station for a year become customers for life lead your ecommerce business into. a smarter future with the shipping. software that delivers switch to. shipstation today go to. shipstation dot com and use code. congrats to sign up for your free. 60day trial that's free that's shipstation. dot com code [music]. congrats united fraking look it. they're still they're still texting me. united airlines look look look at this. [ __ ] i so united airline is still run by a bunch of cats look it says they're typing dude just write it to. me you're a bot you. know no i'm sorry uh i'm sorry. thank you for waiting i i need to. connect to our baggage desk. please wait for you to. set your delivery for the baggage let me transfer. you to our baggage department. please stay online when the bots go. please stay online like just so insecure. make the bot without the stutter. it's a [ __ ] robot i'm sorry you know let me get this. straight um so oh so what you're saying. god you need help. with your baggage d sorry. i was just going. to the bathroom so like just trying to. sell the just so you need help. with your bags one. second uh casey be quiet daddy's talking anyway. sorry you know kids anyway. what size was your bag. sorry i'm in the middle. at least make it uh you know. interest sorry you caught me. at a bad time. i'm in the middle of robbing a bank. wow just killed a guy so was your bag. brown sorry sorry one of the other robbers just used. my real name uhoh. that's going to cause a problem. let me transfer you to. [laughter] baggage um sorry i'm executing. someone anyway casey get down so you said your bag. number was could you imagine if that. was what it was and you'd be on the phone. you're just like what the [ __ ] is this. they're making the bots too they're making it. too real dude. if i was customer service and not a bot. if i wanted to quit. that's how i would quit. i would pretend i was a bot. that was busy doing so many other [ __ ] things i'm sorry. you caught me i'm in the i'm in line. at ralph's checking out i'm at. the grocery store it's seems i forgot. wipes oh god damn it anyway. what was your confirmation. number um cash please yes i'll use cash like what the [ __ ] is with these bots i'm sorry give me your last [laughter]. name yes the latest issue of us. weekly please anyway what was the last. what was your last name. please no special characteristics no. special characters you know you know when they do that. update it i got a [ __ ] apostrophe after the d update it you can fly to. mars update it put an apostrophe in your system. dude you know hey uh i can open. a door just by looking. at it with my eyes. from a facial scan up. it with the apostrophe you. know what i'm saying oh dude. there's 9,000 cameras everywhere can't. do [ __ ] without getting caught update. with the apostrophe make it. apostrophe use when i'm trying. to log into. the dmv it's not a special character. anymore what is it a [ __ ] pumpkin it's an apostrophe everyone it's it's it's a prejudice against italians hi i'm sorry what the [ __ ] is after the d and it's a capital e ah [ __ ] me sorry you caught me in the middle of [laughter] jerking that's the nivea can you give me your confirmation number nivea reminds me of the beach ah nivea lotion reminds me of the beach always thought that yes it reminds me when i was a kid at the beach nivia my mom must have used it anyway anyway can i help you with something else just on the other line like this uh de apostrophe no sorry no special characters you [ __ ] face anyway [laughter] dude so anyway i'm [ __ ] trying to. get my bag now you know. what i don't like when you're at the gate. now i fly all the time. dude i took you ever taken. three flights in a day. hey dude i took three flights yesterday. like i'm three people i'm me okay. i'm just me i'm not i dude. i i get to. i so i'm in yay i'm in [ __ ] what's it called uh who where was i lexington probably kentucky get picked up go. to the first of all everyone. in lexington i don't know if they're they're just it. you you know it's very the south. and uh like literally the the mo. the guy did the most southern thing. went to take to. to um we got picked up. went to go to. the airport and i said hey you mind. stopping at a coffee place. first and he goes like this. why and i was like all. right down the road so why. so um so i go so we go to. the coffee place then we go. to the uh you know. lexington is just one of those cities where you just. know no matter where you're flying. you're going to have to. connect you know it sucks. right it just those cities are. the they're the worst right. you just never there's there's like five cities. you could fly into. and otherwise you need to. take a connecting flight right. now i had to. take three all right. so i am uh in the lexington airport by the way. let let me look this up. i don't even know how this. happens but lexington lexing kentucky population okay. 320,000 makes sense um i get to. the airport small airport i just just i was wanted. to know because the airport was small. because airport fly into. chicago o d all right. now i get to. chicago everything's on time so that's one. flight ping united and i don't like taking united because they're run. by a bunch of cats. i go to i go. to o o get there. get off the plane boom. hey i i i walk out. of the of the uh door to. get to the airport the first. the first thing i see the first thing. i see right in right. in front of me. it's not even on the opposite. side of the airport. like it is in the middle. of where people are walking like it. was gifted to. me coffee bean and tea. leaf now dude i didn't even know coffee. bean and tea leaf. was in the windy city. i thought it was just on the west. coast so i goall right i wait in line. okay now this isn't a brag. in in the next three minutes i was in line. i've never been more famous okay. now that's fine all right. i don't you know. people walking up taking pictures. it's like i'm all five members. of instinct okay all good didn't matter. made a joke to. my friends hey man. i'm so [ __ ] famous i got recognized. nine times in two minutes and then i sent it and then i sent oh sorry. i thought i was typing this in my notes. app that's a funny joke. dude why would i putting in my notes. app so i did that they probably all laugh. like hell but that's not. what the story is about what the story is about is. i go to now. by the way airports in cities that. are that big you're too. big you you're you're a city. the chicago airport is a city. chicago airport city is what it. is okay o air o. city that's what it is. so they bro i'm so i'm like oh i look at the uh i look at the gate. and says hey good news. it's just on the b terminal. you're in the c terminal. so i'm like all right. cool 16minute walks it. says on my app 16. minute walk and i'm like looking at the app. i'm like you don't know. how fast i [ __ ] walk i'm going to. do it in 12. okay so i go to. the thing i get there. and i go i'm right. on time baby wait. a second this it me not boarding. what my app counted down. and then it said boarding. suit and it's been saying boarding. suit for a while hey went a second i'm sorry. why are we not boarding. so i'm like you know trying. to figure out what's going. on then this hi hi this is united air. and united number and that's what i'm reminded. oh yeah united this is we're having a we're doing a uh we're actually uh delayed a little bit. we're going to be 15. minutes okay great oh great. that's nothing great i'll charge my phone. for longer i'll buy more. airpods and lose them. i got 15 minutes i do. whatever i go to. chili's um now here's something. that's true uh your flight has a you know. whatever 5 to. 10% chance getting delayed now. if it gets delayed okay if your flight. gets delayed it then has has a 100% chance of getting. more delayed okay it's never it's going. to be 15 minutes and then actually it's g. to be 30. actually you're going to. be here till 9:. right so i'm like oh [ __ ] they delayed it for 15. minutes bs so i look. at the app and i go into. the app and i read into. it and it says we are troubleshooting. a mechan a tech technical. mechanical issue and should be wrapped up. soon and i go oh dude. i wish it was just that the [ __ ] crew wasn't here. yet you know cuz you got some control. over that you don't know. if the circuit boards are going. to work or not but you know. the crew's going to. get here you know. when they're going to. get here and all this. [ __ ] so i i say so i go up to. the lady i said do you don't have any idea what's going. on she's like i have no. idea then it gets delayed another hour. then it gets delayed four hours. and here i am i'm. sorry i am too. i'm too upset oh i sharded. first time i ever said shark. so i go like this. line out line from the [ __ ] lady at the desk so long it. was like it was a line. in russia for bread in 1985 and i don't even. know if that's a true. metaphor but i said it. so i'm like ninth in line. cuz i'm like i got to. switch the thing but then i go on. the app and i'm talking to. a bot and they switch. i'm like hey can i get a different. flight she's like oh well you're going. to have to. connect so now i got to. take three flights i no is there. anything first class she was like no. we can go to. houston so i'm going to. go from [ __ ] lexington to. chicago to back to. houston then to la i go. like this that's funny go. [ __ ] yourself you have another option and she said you can go fly. into san francisco and i go that's hell. on earth well it doesn't matter. is it first class. she said that one. is first class so i said okay. well maybe that one in the meantime. i say wait hold on. i call my travel agent. i say what else you. got and she said southwest and i said [ __ ] it [ __ ] it dude and i did it i did southwest and i got such good seats dude. what's the reason why i told this. story though i told this story for a reason. united just it just stays sucking. you know they just stay. i've never had more problems than with. united i mean there would be there could be a [ __ ] airline called broken air. and i would still take it. it's just it's just so bad and uh it makes me. sad that i had to. do it and i got down got home. late didn't get to. see my kid i wanted to. [ __ ] i see billy was already going to. be asleep didn't get to. see calvin cuz he had to. go to sleep. i didn't get there late. and i was like i wanted. to facetime him and kristen was in the area. of the house with no service. so she wasn't [ __ ] picking up and i was just like what the [ __ ] and then she was like hey what's going on and i was like well i wanted to. facetime but now i can't and she was like well sorry. i was painting in the other room. and i said oh my god what the heck. what the heck why you know. i wanted to call. and she's like i didn't know and then we got all. b argument it's all good. and like it's like it's united's fault. you know only had a couple syap t it's all. good but it's just like yeah. you know t his fault. um i can't believe the kbe. mumbo died actually yes yes. i can he was 9. feet you can't live that long. if you're that tall if you're that. tall you just got to. go like this [ __ ] i'm not seeing 60 you know i'm too long. to not be catching these diseases. that kill you you know. your body's just working. and then they're like what where i forgot. about all the way. down there i got to. pump blood all the way down there. you know god forbid you get a boner. that's what happens you get. a heart on you die. because all your blood that. you have left goes to. your dick yeah remember this. fraking commercial this. one he was kind of having a renaissance. there you're right that's a f. floor problem not in my house. i mean that voice that voice. first of all let's go back. the f floor problem. m in my house wow not in. my house so good no. no no not today oh wow. yeah jimmy so it. was a good commercial to. these cucks playing in ukuleles. and i'm pissed now the geico make such bad commercials. it was good and then hey congratulations and then you [ __ ] it up just cucks in a vest playing the best. the best that's how he nuts. that's how d girl nut. nutted he says the best 37. times in that in that song. i counted once the best. down hold on hold. on hold on. what i tell you down. down bro put it the down. put it down bro. put it the down. put what down what's he holding down what what. is he holding tell you down. down put your hands behind your back. you got any guns on. you no papy no i ain't. your poppy put your head down. what no go no no go. poy what do you got just that just marijuana yes keep your hands here you got no knife. on you no papy nothing. you sure yes puy i ain your off. oh that is so gangster i oh i love. that oh i love that. oh that is you can arrest me. but i'm getting i'm i i'm getting turned on. i know you say i'm in trouble. but puppy i i am down. against the ground my penis. is robbing against the cement. if you can't be mad and arrest me but it's just making me. have a good time. you hear me yes i hear you. where you coming from i i'm com. from home turn around where's. home by therey you were in a project. just now what are you talking. about home don't lie. to me where did you just come. from the project from the project. yes what are you doing. i was smoking that the tobacco the tobacco yes off you sure. yes officer i'm sure you want. to go home papy well are you call. me papy again but officer mr. i sorry i just get it. hard and getting so erect you know um you put me on my face. down it was enough. to say being in charge the way. you're doing making me so hot. you charging you're being in charge uh domineering. but then you put me on my tommy and i have to. be honest my penis. was rubbing against the floor. that was here to. say puppy i i am i have a little precom again. you call me that don't call me. poy again come on dude it's like a bad movie this is incred all right pu all right officer. i mean dude put it down bro. put it the down. down down down what did. i tell you down down. put your hands behind your back. you got any guns on. you no papy i ain't. your poy put your head. down no go no no go. papy what do you got just that. yes just marijuana yes keep your hands. here you got no knife. on you no papy nothing. you sure yes papy i ain't. your that's so funny. dude man that's crazy. somebody said pro stop to. roll up a blunt and almost got his head blown off by officer [laughter]. poppy oh [ __ ] i i mean why did he keep calling him. poy that's so funny man is it re he knew come on officer bobby so this is the the the background officer poy saw him buying drugs in the projects. in full segment of the episode. he was arrested with crack. possession he was rolling the crack. in the tobacco blunt somebody said in morgan. freeman voice and every day since this incident his fellow officers refer to. him as sergeant poppy that's true. wow i want to. go dude you know how i want i've been thinking about like because i was talking about going. to um what do you call. it um see megalopolis. and i want to. see um the alien movie but i also uh don't want to. go to the movie. theater you know hey wait for to. stre hey i'll dude. i'll watch i'm i'm at the point. now i used to. be like you got to. watch it kind of in a dude. i'll watch a [ __ ] beautiful cinematic masterpiece. on my iphone and not give a [ __ ] dude. and you know what hey dude. oh also by the way i'm not on a plane. i'm on my couch you. know why i didn't you. know why i didn't put on the tv. and put it on there. the remote's over there that's where i am. the remote's over there guess i'm watching [ __ ] what's that leonardo. caprio one where he hides in a bear on my phone for three and a half. hours while texting what's that. movie called the underground revenant the underground. you know the whole thing. was overground revenant oh yeah. guess i'm watching the revenant. on my iphone 14 i don't give a [ __ ] man. i don't give a [ __ ] man. puppy um so i i w i watched dmer. because i ended up loving. the ryan murphy uh eric. menendez movies my [ __ ] menendez brothers monster right um dude you ever hear the thing. of the monster the monster. uh song where they where the jayz. is on the remix sasquatch and he just keeps on. like saying a bunch of monsters. somebody did it in ai. it's so funny sasquatch wolfman he just keeps going. i can't play without getting. demonetized and then it was like the bad. guy from it got so absurd that it was like the bad. guy from bag head um cuz in the beginning. of the of the verse he says a few. monsters and then starts rapping. and then in this one. he just kept going and it was awesome. and honestly that's my favorite rap. rap song pop poppy um so uh i watched dmer uh that. kid is good in that. huh it's a little slow. sometimes acting is too it's just like come. on guys you know. i get it the lighting is doing. the heavy lifting just say. the goddamn lines right. if you act too hard. and the lighting's too good it's like all. right man you know what i'm just going. to go watch a [ __ ] show about that that show about um sasquatch dracula to. joker um these neil breen. movies i never had a beard. what what are you talking. about i've never had a beard. the special effects this is tik tok. [ __ ] good morning. have a nice day. ow i mean the worst. [ __ ] adr of all time. hey yeah what is it. it's a wide shot outside. okay let's zip him. up in a coffin and get this. [music] [applause] worse lighting a porn oh men in black why. does this look so shitty. i got to make a movie like this. for real i have to. all right so squeaky ah that's the worst. scene i've ever seen in my entire. life dude that's the worst. [laughter] scene that is the worst. scene i've ever seen in my life. holy [ __ ] [ __ ] that's amazing oh my god [music]. oh dude everything is green. screen he had no sets shot it. in his living room [music]. uh it's my fault. it's my fault really i apologize. let me make it up. to you i'll take you out. to dinner i have a let let's have a drink let's have drink leave me. alone i'll meet you back. here at 8:00. and have a drink oh god. dude i mean you know that's like the acting class. just like you you you got what. you want go for what you want. don't let her get away. swiitch too many computers. the guy's got four computers. on his desk dude. they didn't even think about this. [ __ ] i'm not ready for this yes you are you have four computers. i'm not ready for this. you're ready for anything bro. you're in the nezer i don't want you. anymore cut early it's just freaking invisible. oh wow i got to. screen record that part too long. what is this movie there's aliens. in it i was approaching. a robotic humanoid state. oh this is crazy dude. neil breen uh he he they said. it's out of context. neil breen it seems like it's just. all going to. be out of context. that's unbelievable poppy all i have in this. world balls balls balls balls balls um i uh the the the hurricane helen was crazy. by the way i was in lexington and it touched. it all up there. too man why aren't uh i thought it. was i thought hurricanes were just like in florida. and stuff but they they go. up i guess lexington and [ __ ] my my c my cousin. in uh uh um north carolina. was [ __ ] you see asheville it's just basically the ocean. now um that'll teach as that'll teach ashville. for being woke and um in the middle. of a redant um. and a c a red little blue. dot i woke underwater a awoke. cars floating by um it's something though right if it's not the hurricanes it's the it's the earthquakes there's been like seven earthquakes in the past. week in in la i got to. explain to calvin about what earthquakes are and then what. heaven is eventually because he's we're walking to. school and he's just like oh we don't have to. worry about heaven. right and i like what he said no. not for a really long long. time don't worry about it. uh we don't even. have to go po. pop's not even there yet. no i'm sad here look. at this here hi i apologize. that need to. change the flight because of the delayed flight. as you have i don't like you know. what they do they use. the [ __ ] talking boundaries that my therapists talk. about in customer service and that [ __ ] makes me [ __ ] irate i don't want you to. hear me just get me. my [ __ ] i hear you're very frustrated i'm like no dude. hey stop it bag please. hi i apologize that i look. hi i apologize that need to. delay the it's not even i'm broken. english because of the delayed flight. as you have completed your travel. with southwest southwest airlines i request. you please contact them for the delivery. of your bags are you [ __ ] i didn't check it. with them i didn't i didn't no. didn't check check my bags. with southwest west they saved. the day because because you messed it. up yes dude it is standard. so i wrote that dude. but before that they wrote. is it is standard. industry practice defined by the international. air transport law don't bring the [ __ ] law into. it like this that the final character. must accept the histor dude. no you know what i wrote. what i just wrote what i told you what i just wrote look. at this and they're going to. try to throw some [ __ ] [ __ ] on me like this i can't wait they're they're typing i can't wait dude i cannot wait i can't wait one thing's for sure you united's driving over. i oh man i love [ __ ] like this kristen would already be at the gate. hi i hope i didn't inconvenience. you honey i got it. drive over now get the president. of the airline to. drive over immediately chop her in handle. my bag with care give it. to me and also bring me. a spread of meats. and cheeses um so anyway uh they're writing back. now i can't wait love it. this is like that direct tv. thing that i went through. that one time god united sucks. dude planes were all brown. in there you know. like what their planes look. like a [ __ ] living room in 1985 for real like that's what it i mean maybe the nice ones the nice intercontinental ones. but like if you go on one. that's just going to. be going from you know. duth to denver you might as well. be flying a [ __ ] sofa look at this. i understand that you have not check in. your bags with southwest airlines. however as per the final carrier. rule final carrier will take the responsibility. for all the customers baggage delivery. okay okay okay so here's what i say. so get in touch with southwest. for me and give them. my bag that you have even though. it's mine there we go. so get in touch with southwest. for me and give them. my bag that you have even though. it's mine and they can deliver. it they can deliver it. if they want yeah dude. i'm good oh wait. i had a number four in there for some reason. um okay i'm not i'm not coming to. the airport yeah dude yeah dude. i already did that and you ruined. the day yes yes someone's reading. it someone is reading. it oh i can't the three dots. i' never been more excited dude. i never more excited this. is great i'm not coming. to the airport oh i'm not coming. to the airport if i go. to the airport dude i'm going. to be so pissed off. okay okay so relax let's talk about something. else uh you know what and and also kristen. is like you're going to. have a heart attack. and i'm like yeah but dude. that's that might be true. because of all the stress but you know what dude. godamn if it's not [ __ ] it feels good yes it feels good to. put [ __ ] in their place this guy's just like some 52y old guy that doesn't give a [ __ ] you know yes and here's the deal you you know what it's always like these people are in power. these people in these power. positions need to. get taken down no no no that you are. you misunderstand the positions. of power these people who are in. power they're not the rick they're not. the famous they're the people that you have to. deal with every single day. like this [ __ ] customer service here we go they wrot back. you don't have to. go back to the airport let me call them. and check with them please. stay connected dude if i did this your way. i'd be there already you don't. have to go back to. the airport let me call them. and check with them please. stay connected oh yes. dude here i'm right. back i can't wait until i have news. uh from you about who is sending. me my bag you or southwest. it it it it should be up. to them they saved. the day yes he's going. to read it yes i'm staying connected. this is a great great conversation. man i love this. kind of [ __ ] dude thank god. kristen's not home she'd be so mad. at me right now h. and she would still somehow argue like your tone. is shitty and it's a [ __ ] i'm this is why i'm texting yeah dude and i'm at home this is awesome. dude you can't get on me. for not using to. that's what i'm goingon to. do that's what i'm gonna do. now my wife can't get mad. at me if i just text. her sweee i'm go to. the other room get your phone. that's what it'll be if i have an issue. with her sweee go in the other room. i'm get get your phone. sit tight i i'll be i'm going. to go to the how someone start texting you just [ __ ] there just like this she hears me from deep deep across the street just just screaming. yes this is great they're not. writing now so that means. they know i'm in business. and they're in this. [ __ ] right now they are talking to. each other look at this. guy what do we do here. you know i can't wait i'll let you know. on next week i guess. but oh here we go. they're typing yes dude oh [ __ ] man i would rather do this than have sex. with multiple tens i would rather. do this than eat a beautiful. innout burger late late at night. after a crushing set i'd rather. do this i'd rather do this. than just you know find peace. man i'd rather do this. than find [laughter] peace i wish i could find peace. honestly because i bet does. that exist though thank you very much. that's the end of the episode. uh that's it for youtube. if you want to. watch the rest of it. go on a patreon patreon dot com. christalia and you can catch every other episode. we have 40 extra like 40. extra episodes that are uh only accessible. to the patreon people so go on sign. up for patreon patreon dot com. christalia they're writing back dude. they're writing back hold on. they're writing backck [music] you. you [music] 