 but don't go on stage. and have a hohum. set people get up there and they're just like so uh bro. this is your job. and these [ __ ] people will go up three years. into comedy just like and so i was playing uh uh an app game and what's the deal with [ __ ] bejeweled and and you're like this it's my friday night. i make [ __ ] chairs at all you know. what i'm saying kinda oh runk [music]. hello hello it works though. super well cool yep so i can breathe. how do you so are you gonna get the surgery. i mean eventually i'm pretty sure. i'll have to but that works. for now that's amazing yeah. wow how's your nose though. after all that stuff um it's really. dry so whenever it's really. dry it um it still. makes it so it's clock clogged. because i can't get like the there's like this. like layer of like i guess. dried mucus around my nostril. so the construction is better. but is this the show. yeah sure we're talking about. my nose surgery great. show well whatever we'll do a clip. up front that'll be banging. you know as long we'll be. like here it comes and then we'll start talking about the nose. well everybody knows we have bad noses. you know internal noses. but the breathing is better. for you you're saying yeah except for when it's dry when i'm dry. a lot so it's like inflamed or it. closes off yeah it sucks so i don't know i don't know if it was worth it i guess it was yeah but they also said with that kind of stuff it takes when i had my sinus corrective surgery they were like it'll start to. feel better soon but it won't be fully better. in until three years from now. three yeah dude oh oh i heard six. months or something wow that's good. obviously different things right. right true yeah but we're the same. doctors oh yeah we did right. yep um so i don't ever. like when music is on there. i said it but you i don't ever. like when it's on ever but but is that. the same thing as not liking. music or what i understand. why music is good. so i you know but you'll randomly like a song. i will yeah i will like what. is the song you do like you're a rich. girl and you know you don't come. and they know you're gonna panel. anyway you're a rich girl and you know. you don't come well we gotta bleep. that out you know uh but wait what you like that. song or that was just it's nice. okay well what else do. you like adult adult adult. education so why do you like hiphop then you like hip. you like show drop music. yeah yeah well i know. i like yeah i like tupac. yeah you don't like rap. music i like hiphop but i don't like the new stuff. really i like tech nine. yeah he's new right. well he's i mean at this. time at this point he's like 50. but yeah oh really i mean i don't know. if he's 50 but yeah he's older i mean i'm not like the 21. year old like lil durk. kind of stuff i don't. i can appreciate it. though like i like um that song with little dirk. is good but only because of uh what's his name. the other guy the big. big jake hall so yeah. so uh jake hole who's that. rapper just went to. uh jail for shooting all of them. megan thee stallion's feet oh oh how long is he gonna be in jail for 10. years 10 years. isn't that crazy here's here's what's up. with me and i'm i've i've known this. for a while now but i really it. really sort of sunk in. even further when i read about that. i don't want anybody to. go to jail almost ever you have. to actually kill someone. or commit like a really violent. otherwise violent crime uh or i mean. there are financial crimes i guess. but even though i'm like oh damn talk. about years in jail. a lot of time the financial. crime is just like i just got caught up. you know you're like oh like you know. what yeah i do know. he i do know exactly. what he did he shot her. foot but even then right. exactly like joe pesci yeah. he was he was actually saying dance dance. dance and shot her feet. at her feet and like bullet. shrapnel got lodged in her feet. and everything and at first she actually lied. to the cops because she didn't. want him to. get in trouble and then eventually. she obviously told the truth. and she ended up having to. take the stand she says it. like ruined her life which i totally understand. really it's double traumatic you got to. actually have that experience and then you gotta actually go through. all the courtroom procedures yeah. to make the guy go. to jail you know what i don't. get is if somebody he has no chance at parole. which is the craziest part. some violation he committed. during the trial or something. like that there's no there's some like rule. that he broke that says he if he's found. guilty is no chance of pearl. so he's going to. be in jail for 10. years no matter what for being joe. pesci and joe pesci got off scotland. because she never went to. jail so hold on so well his head was in a vice. right wasn't that him he got killed well no he put a guy's head. in advice and at the end. of that movie he got beat with aluminum baseball. bats kicked into a hole. and at the when we saw that movie. in the theater with mom and dad. there was a couple behind us. that kept oh wait hold. on how old were you. when that movie came out yeah. i was either 11. or 12. what it was that. young it was 1995 when casino came out. okay so casino comes out. i was 15. i was 14. we saw my dad. was really excited because well he's excited anyway. love score says he but the book. had the nicholas palegi book that it's based on yeah my dad was like obsessed with this movie casino double time so he was excited to. see the movie we all went. to see with robert de niro. joe pesci opening weekend. yeah if you don't know. casino we'll just get the head. check a lot of people. don't know but that's true. but all you guys get the head. checked if you don't think. uh so we're in the theater. i'm totally unaware of this. the entire time but apparently threw up in this. course of the movie huh. sorry did you open. this for me go. ahead it doesn't matter sorry. i'm sorry uh throughout the course of the movie. uh unbeknownst to. me i don't know if you heard it. as well but anyway this this uh yeah i did not know. during the couple this like waspy older. white bread older. couple but not not senior. citizens but older like in their 60s. maybe maybe maybe yeah uh was like chirping the whole. time the woman especially was like oh i can't believe this. man would take his family. to see this movie oh it's so pretty wild. that's so violent. and i can't believe that. it was parents of the year. that's what they were saying. parents of the year. about my mom and dad. that at the end that's what they said. after the movie okay so then at the end. of the movie the credits come. up and apparently inspired by what he had just seen my dad. who was a very mildmannered. very even killed i mean. i've seen him get mad. less than five times uh and this was one. of those times and but to. me i didn't know what was going. on so all of a sudden to. my eye he's just barking. at this couple that are things. that he said were unbelievable. yeah he was like i mean. why you know just joe pesci stuff. but he was basically being joe. pastry yeah yeah the joe patrick characters he'd come back here and fight me you [ __ ] fat pig i was like oh just calling somebody a fat pig like what happened i didn't want to. say it but you did. so okay well i mean he regrets it. you know what i mean. but he's also 76. now so you can't really yeah. i mean this was this. was many many years ago. and he was just it. triggered him for real. he was like full on triggered that. he was being called. a bad parent yeah for taking his kids. to see casino which i don't care. if my dad took me i was gonna see casino in the theaters. under summer as an 11. year old i was gonna go figure out. a way to see. that really yeah dude. yeah and and then after what's that. trench coat with somebody else. yeah two of us. yeah and then after that my dad. made us eat uh brushwood and mortadella. so it was really crazy. how italian he was yeah. eat it eat it eat it. i put your head in the vice. and he had a wife beat her. on yeah and uh not for nothing. but eat the whole thing. yeah yeah and um and he was crying. about his own. mother because that's what all tough guy. italians do yeah yeah so uh no but that. did happen and it was pretty. [ __ ] insane it was crazy it. was crazy yeah and and we're like dad. what the [ __ ] and the guy was like and i was like i'm literally pushing his wife. i did not hear the couple. say anything during the movie. did you not one word not one. word but if that made it. up just because you wanted. to be like joe pescia i mean. yeah i was crazy. it was truly crazy. especially because it's so so out of character. for him what's so yeah. what's so annoying is that they those. people said anything behind why. would they say something. i mean i will say it. is pretty [ __ ] crazy to. bring an 11 year. old to casino it's very weirdly violent. but here's the thing i was a particular. 11 year old i wasn't just somewhere no no already seen good fellas i know i already knew i wanted to. make movies when i grew up. like it was like yeah. it was a thing i deeply. cared about it was. a it was a specific unique. situation i would never ever let calvin. see casino at 11. years old oh i'm gonna show it. to him at 11 years. old i mean i just i i'm not saying that. that's like obviously it's fine. you you know even i was 14. yeah and i was like oh god. the end is crazy brutal. dude the bad bad thing. but you gotta have it that ending. it's been such a terrible. guy the whole movie it. actually is a good lesson. for an 11 year old yeah. but you can get that. lesson in a [ __ ] children's book you don't have to. be a violent. criminal or else you will have a violent. comeuppance come upon you i guess. that yeah wait is the book. really good i never read. the book what based on yeah. how have you never read. the book you've seen the movie. [ __ ] 100 million times it's not really it's the book is a true. story yeah the movie is very loosely right. of course yeah true. story of it didn't really matter. to me no i understand. but you still you love. that movie so much you'd want. to see what it was based on. i would think uh i know the basic. bones of the actual story i know but that i'm just saying i'm shocked you haven't. read the book okay. we'll get off my backup no that's what. i'm just saying you fat pig. i'm reading uh 1984. for the second time nice and i am i for the first. time i didn't get the whole way. through i only read like 100. pages and now i'm on the second time reading you're actually reading it i'm on page 36. or something it's funny. how people talk about 1984. so much and anytime well obviously anyone reads. yeah it's i think people are probably. surprised especially for the first time it's really not straightforward. and easy to. understand no it's not but it is also very and i know this is the thing. that people say it is very weird. how it was written. in 1945 yeah and it's still exactly. kind of what's happening now. well i think it's because that's what happens. every time uh any kind of totalitarian regime gains. a foothold or not even totalitarian regime an oppressive majority. or an oppressive i understand. but the way that guy. was able to. tap into that and know. that at whatever age. he was when he wrote that. is is bonkers it's so smart. crazy time 90 45 was. world war ii i know. it just ended germany. a lot of places totalitarianism you know. totalitarianism that's a totalitarian did you ever. read uh animal you read animal. farm right no uh maybe what was it the same. thing but for kids it's about the totalitarian that. grows they they kicked the farmer. out of the and then all the animals. take over and they're gonna be like great. communists and we're gonna share everything. and everything's gonna be even now finally for the animals. and then like the bad animals. take over and take all the grain and food. and make all the lesser weaker. animals do uh hard work it. sounds so boring everyone read. that in school man oh yeah they don't say. it's about so drunk. but it is i don't know. it's specifically in that that. one is specifically about about hotelenarianism communism oh okay. so it's not about italianarianism. well no communism usually in practice. different a form of totalitarianism i know that so hitler. is a the nazi. well so it's not why it's one. of the reasons that he if there wasn't that. stuff it wouldn't be this. stuff is an example of the excesses. of the right right and stalin and lenin are examples. of the excesses of the left. as is mao and yeah. and it's all good and stalin is. dead so sure is we know. where that gets you but uh there's a there's a fourhour movie. called state funeral with no dialogue no plot. it's just footage of different parts. of russia morning stalin when he died. they had all these ceremonies and all these like thousands. of people would come out and just be it's like it's like those. videos of when uh is it. on kim jongil died. is it on hulu. no it's on mubi yeah what's that. movie is like the higher end. it's like not quite criterion level. but it's a really great. story whoa i didn't even know. about mubi yeah it's got really. great stuff dude mubi it's one of the better. streaming sites that's like to. be but movie what movie. actually was first oh wow 2b's a [ __ ] that sucks but 2b. is great too guys the gutter but everything. i love to. be there's nothing not. on 2b anything. that has ever been made is on to. be our home videos are in 2b. [laughter] i love toby. lost her mind so uh and then i saw last night. i saw a movie called men. men oh i saw that and dude. i saw that what's up. with that movie i don't know. because i fell asleep in it. all right the rudest thing. you can say about a movie. is you fell asleep and you didn't. even ask the people you were with what. happened because you were so bored. the whole time it's definitely a movie. to fall asleep too we'll talk. about it more on lifeline. luxury congratulations we're gonna do lifeline. luxury later but uh yeah calls to. get to sundays are for lifeline. go sign up for patreon. for a patreon uh patreon dot com. lifeline luxury there's a new episode. out right now uh you can catch me on tour. i'm gonna be in charlotte. uh uh and uh knoxville and also little rock arkansas. and nashville calgary edmonton ottawa anyway. a bunch of places. in canada pittsburgh i'm gonna be in uh cleveland. i'm gonna be montreal yeah. i mean you know detroit. uh chrisley dot com uh for tickets. and then if you have a question. click the link in the description. below for a lifeline or go. to watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline it's below. and uh send us a video describing. a situation with a weirdo. in your life that would be good if you want. a oneonone advice session with matt. matt does those you go. to mattelia dot com. and you can get the lifeline. merch absolutely beautiful merch actually absolutely luxury. beautiful put together absolutely amazing. fabric lifelinemerch dot com we've got purple. we've got carnation purple. we have black we have crow. black crow we have carnation. purple we have beige goth chicken. black yeah so anyway uh thank you thank you. thank you thank you very. much and like like and subscribe. so that's it receiving applause. the way you said that. thank you thank you so all. right let's do it. let's get into our first. uh thing here uh our first video. uh and let's see what's up. what's up matt what's up. what's up actually that's sweaters. my hoodie's so cool. dot com i just wanted. to um comment on um the crank. of mattel episode you guys opened. up a memory for me. that i completely forgot that's what. we do i also saw the pablos francisco. stand up special because anytime when i would hear the word. irvine i would say irvine. and i never knew why. i said it like that. you guys put that back. spoiled brats in irvine head now. so i'm very grateful for. that oh yeah but i also wanted to. ask what are some of you. guys's inspirations who who's the people. who immediately get so excited and how important. are inspirations to. you guys today what a good. question um uh yeah so love lifeline. life rips and it's super good. and super good thank you very. much well always standing he's leaving. folks he has speedos on. what's happening i got a trunk. on me right oh so i look at all. the inspirational videos online and about working. out who inspires you man. not like lee haney no come on who inspires. you uh oh god who inspires. me it's it well it's it's there's two types. of inspiration there's the kind where you look. at and you want to. emulate and there's the kind that you look at like my son. my son's like i i see them. do things and i that inspires. me to be okay yeah more and better. so i would say my big. one is my family. and my sons um and and you know. my like you guys like my not my my family. of origin and stuff. but like um yeah i mean that inspires. me for sure yeah and then and then i and then and then the other stuff. is like my mommy inspires. me too i love my mommy. but then the other stuff. is like good people inspire. me like when i sit down and i have a lunch with somebody and i find what that they're living the life they want. to live um like i have friends. that are like this uh and then i think wow. that's good i want to. i guess i want to. live like that like a lot. of mine have come from you. know when i was in rehab. or recovery but then also um then then there's also like comedians that. inspire me that when i see them. do it doesn't have to. be a big name or anything. or even my favorite comedian. but when i see someone doing new stuff. that's kind of working it's inspirational. and i'm like okay i could do that. i want to. do that and then i and then i try and do that. got it but but no like figures that. are enduringly inspirational to. me yeah i i always think of tupac. i always think of tupac. and how he was just so himself. and didn't give a [ __ ] and then i often think about what the [ __ ] would a guy like that be like that now he'd probably be very much the same i know but how would he be dealing with like what how would what would the reaction be you know like like i'm in a in a situation where i get to. say whatever i want because of my profession. and i've already you know. i'm not doing hollywood so i can. just like i put out an instagram. video today where i was making a joke. that was about racism and i could. i didn't have to. not post it because i don't have to. worry about losing a [ __ ] brand you know deal. because tupac probably would have lost a few. yo yo yeah his time. uh in this climate at. least but he also would not give a [ __ ] yeah i mean honestly sometimes the people who are inspirational to. me are people who are considered. like not like not like good. in the media you know. what i mean because they they try. as you mean yeah yeah yeah like like a lot. of a lot of [ __ ] because they stand up. for whatever yeah exactly like because they just don't. like the the left just kind of doesn't you know. but um yeah it's it's i don't know i don't know. specifically honestly i don't know. um yeah i mean inspirations. i think there are ones. that i like when i was a kid. i wanted to like be when i grew up. like people like john cassavetes. yeah he's very inspiring. yeah honestly it's very inspiring. when i later in life. when i sort of discover when i started reading. more i didn't read a lot. when i was like even before. i was like 20 even. in college i didn't really read that. much that all came like right. after college i started doing that. but once i started getting that. kind of stuff like certain writers certain thinkers like. sam harris like when i was i guess. yeah when i was in college. and sam was like in his 20s. still i was extremely inspired. by him and his whole like the new atheists. they were called like it. was him you were listening. to sam harris when you were in your when you're in college. not listening he didn't have a podcast. obviously but like he he was he was a writer he wrote a book. called the end of faith. that while he was in uh i think in his master's. degree he wrote the end of faith. and it became such a big. thing that he dropped out. of school and became like a public. figure but i think one of the most the most inspirational. people in like this climate. and it kind of touches on what you're saying. people who kind of don't bend to. any sort of crowd or trend. or whatever of the day. is christopher hitches i find christopher hitchens to. be one of the most inspiring. figures yeah could not even. i actually disagree with him. on a lot of stuff. yeah yeah yeah that i guess. that's what i mean it's like a matter. because the way he is about his opinions they're fully thought. through he fully thinks them in. his zero percent afraid to. speak about any of them. and you know it's not that. i like people who speak their mind. and are super opinionated i like that. when they're they have reasons. to believe those things. and can explain those things. it's like yeah sure everybody's entitled to. their opinion but i don't give a [ __ ] about yours. if there's no basis for thinking it. and it's flimsy and it falls apart. but hitchens dude his mind. was just like utterly encyclopedic in fact if you watch. him speak mid debate. it's just like where's he even storing this. stuff and he's often drunk. when he does it he's just like a complete. absolute genius and a true. one of a kind and those are things that i've he died. yeah he died yeah he did. and he was one of those new atheists. and when he was dying. he was very sick he had the chemo he had no. hair people would always ask him. like what do you think about what. happens when you die. zero percent change zero percent of it. was he like well i found god and this and that. maybe opening up maybe nah he thinks what he. [ __ ] thinks sick or not dying. or not here or not. here it doesn't matter he just goes like this. he goes food and last words. women aren't funny actually actually i do think he had a big you got to. do a lot one of the things. he said thing about how he said women. aren't funny yet but he wrote a whole. article about it i mean. it's so funny dude. i don't even know what he. meant to be funny but he was just like they don't need. to be i don't yeah. that was the thing i don't know. why why women aren't fun. right that's the article right. call it something else you know. such a [ __ ] starter man. so dead and it was vanity fair. it makes so it's so funny. when it got it's a it's so funny. when a guy talks like that and is able. to it's why i like some like chris rock. like to make sense. of something like that it. doesn't mean you're right. but it to. make it make sense. the way you're breaking it. down is [ __ ] utterly hilarious. like for him to say. well they don't need to. be it's so it's actually a good. point women don't need to. be funny i think his argument. is that men need to. be funny to. be able to. participate in the gene pool. in the exciting yes. right and women and women. don't don't need that attribute because men. will like them anyway of course right. okay but that's and that's fair. to say but what about wendy leaveman. dude no no no well they're women. is what about wendy lee no i know. i know she's the funniest she is. the funniest oh you think so too. yeah she's so funny dude. i was at the airport with her. once and i was just like i can't. believe that wendy lehman is she's so funny. you know judy tenuta do you know. her yeah a little before wendy liebman she's just like a sandra. bernhardt is also hilarious. yeah not that obviously women are funny. but like that is a hilarious. article yeah some women are funny. i mean you know you can't. just say also yeah well you can't. say men are funny. either right the least funny people i know are certainly men you know. why why because they think they're funny. dude but they are funny. but well not everybody they don't mean. to be funny no. but what i'm saying is obviously i'm not. taking the place of like well sore. men i'm just saying the yeah people who are the least funny. are to me. men who think they're funny. but aren't there's nothing worse. oh it's bad being around. a guy who like is super confident women. are like that too it's so equally. annoying when a woman does. it sure i know less. women okay right. because you're sexist and you don't hang out. with yeah exactly yeah i refuse. to hang out um my whole thing. is when women are like they turn 30. when hot women turn 30. and they decide to. do standup that to. me is just like it's so glaringly. obvious that you're that like less. dudes are looking at you now. that now you're like [ __ ] roping them into. having to look at you. i never thought about it. like that the way. i thought about that was you did. you're 30 and hot and you're starting. stand up now you're terrible. what i thought about that. what i've always thought about that. well not about specifically getting. into standup comedy. but i've like i've had actually several girlfriends. now who and i've always dated women my age. and never really been a young. woman so many of them. have been either approaching 30. or yes after 30 and uh they were many of them. were actresses and that was around. the time they started to. be like well i want to. do funny stuff yeah but i think though. in my mind with them. my feeling was always they know that. their looks aren't going to. last forever yeah and maybe they're not the best. actors in the world so they need like other options. that's the way i was yeah. that's a nice way to. think of it well these were people i was intimately. involved with so i was going. to give right the most generous. possible reason but however hollywood is about broken. souls and these people are most of the time. like well guys aren't paying attention. to me anymore. let's [ __ ] hijack a comedy show because i could get on because i'm hot but don't you think it's more about survival of their career. or their livelihood i don't you think it's just like a an ego. thing yes i do i mean. it i do because people aren't that. deep especially women in hollywood it. doesn't take deep the depth to. be uh about your own. survivors survival but they're just like i need people to. look at me i think it's that. simple they're just like ah i'm gonna be funny. dude if nobody ever told you you were funny. besides your friends and besides a guy that wants to. [ __ ] you every now and then you're not funny. don't do stand up. and and then like so many like also so many female comedians will be like oh uh we don't get the same. opportunities like horse [ __ ] you can jump on any lineup. it's full of [ __ ] people that are just like oh yeah chicks let's have them on that's ridiculous. there's that funny bill. burr thing where uh he's asked about something like that i can't remember oh yeah yeah he's like he's just like stop he's like just be funny it's the truth. dude go up and murder if you can murder. you're great well that's the thing. about it no more. female doesn't matter and there. are females that [ __ ] murder yes. and there are men that. murder yeah just do that. talk about crime talk about crime. but don't go on stage. and have a hohum. set and a friday night. because it happens all the time. dude it happens all the time. [ __ ] people get up there and they're just like so uh bro this is your job. [ __ ] out there make furniture and you [ __ ] sit in a chair for years. and these [ __ ] people will go up three years. into comedy just like and so i was playing uh uh an app game and what's the deal with [ __ ] bejeweled and and you're like this it's my friday night. i make [ __ ] chairs [ __ ] you know what i'm saying kinda. mostly it's just so whack. dude why you laughing. so much i'm what gonna kick on. one his ass dude. die just [ __ ] you know why i'm asking him why he's laughing so hard because i want to. know because i'm invested in what. he thinks is funny because he's an audience. that i want my audience. to think i'm as funny. as possible because i obsess about. it because i'm bonkers. good at stand up. because it's all i ever want to. do and i didn't turn 32. and then decide to. get on stage because people stop looking at me because now i got some wrinkles. i go on stage. because i i obliterate and dude. people who talk [ __ ] can't follow. me bro are you blocked. if you're talking [ __ ] you must be blocked. cause you can't follow me. dude sounds kind of seems like you're actually talking to. me you know bro. i buy a chair. i swear things what the [ __ ] chair. thing dude dude i buy a chair. i sit in it for years. dude if it breaks. i don't go back so what are you. doing on stage three years in talking. about bejeweled okay. uh speaking of inspirations uh yeah good video you know we got that covered. you know we got that. covered all right who's next. candy crush was the thing i couldn't the jeweled. was the worst closet your girlfriend. i'm being held hostage. right now i don't know who to. call so i'm single lifeline. video in please come help me. uh hey matt and chris i'm at work. right now so i have to. be brief but i'm wondering how y'all. feel about your girlfriend popping. your pimples anywhere close to. her but sometimes it seems like if i you know. if i'm anywhere around her. she's dialed in and she goes to. me and starts popping pimples. on my body and my face and it hurts. first of all so gross. how do you all feel. about that problems bro my frips. cleaners no no no this guy yeah i know. about the uncle uncle sam dude. dude i yesterday uncle bald. sound talked about this yesterday. i talked about this with kristen. did i did she do. it every single girlfriend has ever done. it dude me too except for one. one never has once done it. and you know what she's by. far the best one. okay well not because of that. but i'm just maybe maybe because it could be but what i'm saying. is it's unreal how much. they want to. do it what is that i don't know. women would ever want to. do that yeah some yeah. hey a woman please send us. a video yeah yeah and tell us why you want. to do that yeah because i i've told kristen. and here's the thing i've told kristen. she'll be like oh let me get it. i say please don't i don't like when you do it. i let just leave it. or i'm gonna you don't like it. no no it hurts when she does. it when i do it. it doesn't because i know. what kind of pain is. happening i kind of always liked it. but i i got it but i like a little bit of pain. sometimes all right so that's when i do it. too though no it hurts. when i do it too you know. you can at least control. the level keeper um so but and then she i was like come on and i asked her i said yo i very seriously i. don't want you to. do this anymore you broke. it down really you were like i don't know. and i was like yeah she's like okay. guess what she still did. it so great so she did it. yesterday so i and i said no don't. you do what she said. okay i won't do it. but dude this is the other thing. dude i'll say to. her hey why do all chicks. want to do this. it should be like don't say. that i'm not like that. or whatever the [ __ ] this is another thing. that that women will do and you're like oh dude. so now i don't even get to. you're gonna [ __ ] hurt my and while i'm and i don't get to. say the thing that's by. the way true wait so what is her. what is her every every woman. i've ever been with likes. to do that i guess what is she and every woman. i've ever been with when i say why. do [ __ ] chicks all like to. do this they say oh i'm like oh chicks. i'm not like that oh really. damn hey you're on a sitcom. huh in life hey your life. is a sitcom hey yeah. okay dude it's it's unbelievable. i don't know what it is. about that that like yes but this the truth. is sir yes yes there's something going. on with that no no it's so weird. dude it must be uh taking care of grooming. i mean you know like that. like moms for sure like to. groom their kids when they come. out maybe it's a version of that also also there's like yeah i mean for sure. it's like an eternally baked. into human because kristen is always like with the hair on calvin. and william and [ __ ] and you're like it's fine. also skin in general. is it women are much. more well for sure active. and and interested in keeping their skin. healthy so it makes sense. that they would extend that to. their yeah boyfriends or husbands or whatever. you know yeah but still it. is it is odd. it is odd yeah yeah actually now that i'm thinking about there. were a couple specifically that you don't. think about this obsessed with it's so weird. man doing it yeah and it wasn't just a couple. it was all of them. but anyway so no all of them. would do it yeah two in particular. were like like obsessed with like pulled. down your shirt like a shirt. god there's more than two but yeah pull down your pants. two of them we would go. out on the street and be like let's find guys to. bomb purples on oh that. guy looks good sir. take off your shirt what excuse. me what yeah yeah dude. but that [ __ ] okay yeah okay yeah we don't know yeah tell her no dude so make a boundary ah they don't respect them though. what do you want next. one who's next all right. guys i am reaching out. because i want advice to. reach out to. the next or not uh in a relationship. two years ago and we were together. for 13 months it was. very toxic mental emotional. physical everywhere okay um but there was a lot. of substance abuse in that. so take that into. account but anywho i've been single for almost two. years and i've been dating i've been putting myself out. there i go to. therapy i'm very open. to everything but i still think about him. frequently and i'm still missing him. even though i know he's not a great. person so my advice. is that i need is should i reach out. to him just to. see what he says like we're like closure. or help me or should i reach out to. other than my therapist who else. should i reach out to. i guess or should i or not. thank you love you. guys bye thank you. for the question yeah 100 absolutely. no i think uh here's the thing. are you are you she's mentioned. closure and that surprised. me i thought she was saying should i reach out and get to. get back that is what i thought. you said but she said should i reach out. and then she said something. about closure as if that would be the if the purpose. of getting closure is what's behind. it then sure it's up. to you if you if you have the mental. wherewithal to to handle that potential. landmine then sure but i mean especially because of the substance abuse that this just sounds like you're stepping. into yeah a swamp that's. gonna suck you right. back you're stepping into. a relapse is what you're stepping. uh but i mean if you're seeking closure. maybe but if you're seeking to. renew your relationship nah i don't. believe it no because you're gonna neither do. i but some people do and it's real to. them and i've known people that really actually makes a huge difference. so if you're like that then sure but but if you're looking to. reopen a potential relationship which look. i'm not telling you what. you're feeling and thinking you. know better than me because you're you. but it kind of sounds. like that actually might be what's behind. it even if you tell yourself. otherwise what to. see him again and be with them. yeah to be with him. even if you think you're seeking you need closure. but you're really good to. reconnect and i know it's hard. two years is a long time. to be single especially after a relationship. that was super intense both. good and bad but i think remains. steadfast and know that there will be someone some guy. who comes along that makes you. stop thinking about that guy. yeah for sure that's i promise. you yeah i promise. you that will happen and in the meantime. just work on yourself. stay sober and then talk. to your therapist who else. do you talk to. your therapist about that. for sure but yeah who knows do you talk. to about it um i mean. i would talk about if you are sober. in those meetings you could talk about it. 100 and if you're not. in meetings and you and you are sober. or struggling just go to. these meetings yeah there's a lot. on zoom even if you're still. using go it's helpful. i go to some zoom. meetings i go to. some that are in like [ __ ] they're all over. the world like uh because of zoom. like i go in and i do my meetings um sometimes because usually meetings. when the inperson ones. they're at like [ __ ] 6 30. a.m at the beach or something. and you're just like i'm a comedian. where do you do that. how do you i go. i wake up sometimes i'll do it. at like 9 30. and it'll be like a noon. one a noon meeting in houston oh. or like or literally i've done. them in uh like scotland. like late at night i'll do i do do them. at 1am you could. just bomb in you don't. know anybody yeah you can uh it's not bombing. i mean it's like it's open. for for anyone but like i i go. in and i'm sorry sorry. i actually have a question. how do you get in there's no there's like a forum. oh we just look and every hour. on the hour they show it and you're like okay. i'm gonna go to. this meeting i'm gonna do it. at [ __ ] midnight and it's in scotland. or whatever oh and you go. in yeah damn sometimes. i don't normally show my face. be a distraction. you know what i mean. because i know that people that's it. says on the zoom it. says crystally i'm like i gotta [ __ ] change your name. i did oh okay. to skippity no i did i changed it. to theovan nice no but i um yeah. i i uh i do wanna. i do want to. go to more ones in person. and then i do do that and then i don't know. man sometimes i feel like the zoom. ones are are better although i do. feel like the zoom ones. you can do other [ __ ] like check your phone. or [ __ ] you know look stuff up on the internet while you're on the thing you know that's not ideal it's not ideal but yeah yeah so probably no is the answer should you reach out to. this guy but you're you so you know i'm gonna do what you're gonna. do anyway probably yeah but but have some faith. in her you know. talk to your therapist. and also do some of those meetings well be real with yourself. if you want to. get back together this. guy falling albania and um i am here alone. right now and i was wondering if you had any tips. on just good ways to. entertain yourself when you're alone i've considered going down the back okay so what does this say um this is a boring question right yeah he called in a long time we did really was this the guy the france guy the france the guy with the girl the guy with the girl and he was talking about yeah he was thinking about going to. frank following a girl to. france yeah he followed her to. go to albania dude. oh wow yeah this guy wait. hold on okay so what does it. say here this is a boring. question what is the best. way to do a career. oh my god the best way. to do a career let. me tell you something right. now an alien an absolute alien. let me tell you something. right now anybody i'm gonna straight. up say it dude. anybody who travels alone. is [ __ ] nuts really yeah oh man i don't if you don't have that thing by the time you decide look at all the things okay so i'm gonna go to. greece alone okay okay i'm gonna go i'm gonna go in november. okay i'm gonna get the flight. today okay okay i get the flight. i get the thing maybe i'll refund it. i don't know but i get the flight. i get the insurance travel insurance. if in august september. october november four months you don't. think ah [ __ ] it i'm just gonna chill okay. you're a batshit crazy. person wow that is a heavy. take i don't agree at all. i don't do that i don't like to. travel alone it's not patrick. really but when i was younger. i really when you weren't. all together when you were younger. sure but don't you want to. make a caveat then. like it's unless you're like a teenager early. 20s he's tall well. that guy's absolutely crazy we know. that about him already anyone. who goes to another. country to find themselves. is a [ __ ] lunatic that's not what he did you're right. there you didn't he didn't say. i'm looking for myself. i know but i'm saying you know he said here's the deal. why would you be solo traveling. to just albania you're lonely. no one likes you and you're crazy. sex tourism nice no. but like when you let's just stick. to the question he's in albania. he said he's in albania. dude wow i didn't know look that nice i gotta go. alone uh what how do you what. was the question exactly how do you how do you how do you have fun. alone what do you do. to have fun alone dude. what is this question. smack off you can do anything. yeah you can read about. anything you have anything you can go. anywhere you want cool to. be alone it's cool to. be alone it's good to. be alone sometimes but to. travel alone it hey congratulations you're part. of the nutty club what if you. really want to. travel then there's no one. who wants to go. you don't go but what if you really. want to oh it sucks. watch some more friends that want to. go no dude no it's just showboxers bro. this is a wrong take man. that's fine it's so bonkers. to travel alone. and like go backpacking by yourself. like meet people and have like real. like things adventures yeah until it is. cool and if you do it. you're nuts it's not not cool. it's cool you're cool and nuts. oh i see okay so okay. uh it's becoming a clearer. picture now you think about the person. at dinner and and you're all hanging out. y'all got jobs y'all [ __ ] worked hard you did your college. [ __ ] you you left. college you got married. you had kids and then there's one person that was like dude. i went to. italy by myself for three months. and just chilled i would want to. talk to that guy because crazy people are interesting. but no but also because he was in italy. for three months and nobody at the table was they were. all just living their lives having kids. or doing their jobs that are boring. i don't want to. hear about those guys that. was alone in italy. you also if there was an assassin at the table you'd want to. talk about it talk to. him absolutely because he's [ __ ] crazy no because he's an assassin assassins are crazy. i don't want to. just talk to. a guy who's crazy. because he's crazy i i would beg to. differ because i do maybe yeah you're crazy. let's have lunch you know. my friends wow uh you know my friends. worst policy yeah but you got less. crazy crazy friends now than you used. to that is true. that is true like you used. to be friends with guys i like wouldn't. even want to let in my house. that is true or like know. where i live that is so true. yeah now it's not like that. no i know that's so true. i wish oh man. those those people were so funny. to [ __ ] be around jesus. christ dude guess what um what two. things okay one thing. it's a throwaway but the the reason. why people think that my legs. are so skinny are not because they're skinny. but they're because my knees. are knobby and i'm working on. it okay don't quads are gonna pop. out okay so far we got one don't care what else you got for me number two that was the throwaway one. this is the real banger. dude i not can't i can't. i actually can't believe this. you know how i used to. run the block on cold. water in ventura no. but okay you know how i used to. [ __ ] run the block. i used to. go okay literally run the block. okay yeah i knew the guy. who worked yeah yeah and there was a [ __ ] he did that coffee. bean okay but there was a [ __ ] bg to. go i would go get the cops. out it was the best. in the city yeah okay. they all knew me at the sushi. place yeah and then the [ __ ] western bagel turned to. five guys yeah i ran it. i remember yeah okay but the coffee. bean was my [ __ ] yes i mean bro i was the mayor you know what i mean right there in that little block i was the mayor okay governor [ __ ] not governor but um mayor viragosa yeah he [ __ ] saw me once there i was there okay but i'm just saying how crazy was it to. see a guy in the midst. of a reelection campaign he looked so dead. and tired right there was a camera. crew just getting up this like meet and greet. in a random place and he was just like he got close. to our faces when he shook her. hands and i was like wow it's a misery to. be a pilot but he did that. for me because he knows that. i run that little [ __ ] he was basically trying. to get your endorsement right. because if i did that swayed like 18. votes right and he won. the old guy with the briefcase. with the nesquik in it. remember him who always farted. did he would call the governor's. office and talk about all. the mexican nationals anymore. you're so racist dude. bro the guy would come. in with a [ __ ] and i've even told you the thing at the banger. yet but the guy comes in with. the briefcase how old i hated stephanie. dude i wanted to. be that guy's friend oh. i hated that guy dude. 70 allowed racist is. to farts all the time. nothing worse than he was. terrible he was terrible so hold. on 70 right oh at. least would you say at least dude. one guy came in one. time one guy came in a black guy. with like the i don't even know what to. call it without sounding. i'm ignorant but like the the orange. like he was african you. know dashiki maybe maybe he had a did she moved here. maybe he had a sudoku on i don't know. but so maybe he had some chorizo on i have no idea. but he so the guy says when in rome and and he's oh my god oh oh oh wow. excuse me sir and he was like this. is an african guy. oh [ __ ] dude what are you wearing. all this for yeah it was it. was terrible he was like sir. you're ignorant and he was like oh so he got into. it good yeah yeah i mean. [ __ ] this guy you know um calling the governor's office. he would call him. i think he was the mayor. honestly okay yeah he would say yeah. i want to. talk to the mayor. on his little flip back. then it was the you know. about all these mexican. nationals yep and he was right. and he was right. what are you talking and he was right. there are mexican nationals b. you know the most racist. you can be yeah is to. be loudly racist in public. yeah and seem like you don't care. yeah yeah yeah or you even. notice 100 you know um and so he so he uh it's actually. they talk about what's inspiring. it's inspiring that guy was so racist. and didn't give a [ __ ] he was just he was so off his [ __ ] he was yeah. but he would come to. the coffee bean with a briefcase. not like a backpack or a duffel bag. like a briefcase that you like would see in a movie and like dan. aykroyd would have it you know. and you're like what it. in 1980 you know. and in the briefcase he had some papers that were uh something. i guess yeah his cell phone and [ __ ] nestle quick yep. and he would go order. a coffee iced coffee. the powder yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and then put the thing in it. and mix it up it. was actually hot coffee now. that i remember and it was so disgusting. what a [ __ ] [ __ ] and get on the horn talk to. [ __ ] the mayor but um anyway that coffee shop closed down. when oh it did 10. years ago okay maybe not no. probably like six years. ago it's been closed. ever since it's just there. it's just there it's in this. building every time i drive by. i'm like i loved it. there i know that it sucked. dude oh god it sucked. i can't even like express how much it. sucked did you think. it sucked um don't lie. yeah don't lie i didn't love. it i mean it's a strip. mall thank you there's nothing the ac vibe the ac sucks it was the least of alive. dude the ac would just blast on. you in certain seats other places. it was so hot loved it. eddie murphy would go there. all the time and he would always say what's up. he would always say hi. to me yeah me but me too. and i was like you're a comedian. why is he saying he probably didn't know. which one was me you know. maybe or he thought i was your brother. yeah he was nice as [ __ ] up. yeah anyway always with cartoon comic book. beautiful women crazy yeah yeah but there's like rollsroyce. or ben yeah running. just [ __ ] there's one eddie murphy you know yeah yeah and dude uh it's back it. came back dude that's yesterday. it's gonna be an alfred's. coffee oh yeah baby. you know i don't like alfred's. coffee but i'm you you. better believe i'm gonna go. dude you better go. and not only is it. back dude you're back i'm back i'm gonna go in and be like i'm thinking i'm back. like dude this is the final form. of me not being canceled. anymore is that this [ __ ] coffee. shop is back both of our producers just got up. and walked away from their seats. simultaneously and i can't see either. one of them anymore. they're just gone dude i don't know. i am so excited. and i go no way. and i'm with kristen dude. i'm 43 in this [ __ ] i think about i have no way. dude look and she said oh my god and she knows. all about it the fact. that it's an alfred means. maybe i'll actually come by yeah sometimes bro. i'm gonna go yeah you should oh it's heck. because it's actually going to. be good coffee oh it's hectic. coffee bean and tea. leaf oh it's hectic which is a nightmare. oh it's hectic dude. people talk [ __ ] about starbucks. drip coffee starbucks coffee. is dead it's better. than starbucks dirt water starbucks. is [ __ ] my it's my [ __ ] it's really squeezed. it's so bad coffee bean. is bad coffee bean's really bad. but as well the iced. coffee of coffee bean. is better way better than the ice. cream store well i wouldn't know because i don't drink all. this coffee because i like actual. coffee okay i like actual. but that's the [ __ ] [ __ ] i get the espresso dude. i get it civil's good. right civils cold brew is very good the espresso they make is is not good. and and i i went there. and i said hey because i always get the four shots. over ice damn okay that's exactly. right so don't come at me. with the whole i only drink real. coffee bro i'm the man. when i get the four shots. that doesn't mean you're the man. but all right well you know what i'm saying. though i'm really gangster when it comes. to my [ __ ] so i go to. civil i get the four shots. i really want syllable. to be civil to. be a good place. i get the four shots it's not. it's not good so i say let me. try the cold brew that's what that's what i always go. back to if if the espresso isn't gonna get the cobra. cobra is fantastic so i say the guy. says four shots i say. now i get the cobra this time. he says oh really how come i said i like it. better and he goes ouch. and i'm like he doesn't know. i don't like the foreshow also they're both. made by civils i know not him shut up dude. i don't like when i didn't like how he did out. but i really like that guy. oh okay well yeah uh really nice he's a good. with the bad all right. should we do what what yeah. we can do another one. but but the civil but the the the best. one of the change is pete's. yeah i mean pizzas whatever. but okay all right dude. what chain do you like alfred. no i mean bigger change the alfred's. there's like seven of them. uh i guess of the big. chains pizza is probably the one. that i i would count you. out but there's never one yeah those aren't around. here yeah i guess you're right. you know yeah yeah i guess. you're right so starbucks. cold water not cold water. uh coffee bean starbucks. coffee bean pete's. those are the three that i know. of that are changing repeats. that's the best of those. but there's that's because there's the least pete's. it's always the ones that don't have. right but then you get into. the mom and pop shops that. are [ __ ] terrible so i don't even want. to get started on that. unless less terrible. than the ch the big. chains though um we're just going. in circles all right let's do one. more all right let's do another one. matthew modine oh yeah. hey what's up delia brothers. we both love the show. man i listen every sunday all right. so guys i was laid off. this morning man. that's the first time it's ever. happened to me blue sky. oh [ __ ] that sucks i'm sorry. so the advice is i am asking. is why do i just go. out and get another job. um full time uh by trade i'm. a draft spin i i uh got a certification for that. at tech school um i design. and draw 2d and 3d construction documents. and uh you know so my advice. is that i'm asking looking for is. do you guys think i should maybe go back. to school uh become an engineer. take this time to. you know improve my resume. my level of education um or do i start. my own business freelance work. for myself i i've been doing it. for 10 years i got plenty. experience you know both. these things would be hard. a lot of money um i've got a wife. and two kids so it. would be tough it would be real. tough um so what would. you guys do would you take this. time take it as a sign. maybe that life still rips uh. and pursue something better. or the uh do you just find another. job get right back into. it working full time potentially getting. laid off again you. know what would you guys do. thanks if there's an avenue. towards having your own business and working. to yourself if that's a viable. avenue that you can see daylight. on yeah do that. yeah do that because more and more. being an employee it's going. to just become more and more precarious. as time goes on that's not a rule. just throughout history always but it is a rule. to my eye right. now being an employee. now anywhere is so precarious like bad it's just not a good deal. for in so many industries. i don't know about yours. but like see if you can school. is one avenue that you look. if by the end of that school. engineer school there's like money and jobs that will be available to. you right away that could be viable. but i think if there's a possibility of having your own. business and it seems like it. could actually work go toward that full speed. and i always and you never know. what's going to be happening. with like the [ __ ] ai of it all with the especially with your profession like right. i would just not waste time. trying to make your career. uh and you know i'm not going. to schools wasting time. but like sometimes in some cases it. is but in his case. it would be after school. he'd have a much more sort of like he'd be able. to actually get work as an engineer. i understand and more what except for you. don't know what's going to. happen with ai right. but i think that's a real thing if you start. your own business you could actually fallen in. some kind of whatever's going on. that's what that's what my. point is okay yeah yeah uh all things said and done i feel like if the matt's right though you have to. see like an actual path. towards it right don't just blindly be like i'm gonna start. my own business that's what idiots. do they have i mean. i'm not a big fan of like the five. year plan the 10year plan but have like a general idea of a structure of a plan that's like okay. well first it's gonna be this. it's going to. be hard until this and then if it is if it does get better at this. by this time then i'm on to. something and then i can build on. that and it's like have benchmarks you know. because otherwise you'll feel like you're flailing. and you'll want to. stop and quit and you gotta have little benchmarks along. the way that make you remember that. you're on the path. toward progress but yeah start a business. i remember i'm not a businessman i'm a business. man right i mean definitely don't forget. that jayz said that would be really. bad hove do we know. how hova became his thing. yeah he called he started saying hey you know. what my thing is hova call. me hova what is hova jehovah jehovah's. jehovah's witness he's a jehovah's witness. no he's jesus he's like he's jesus. christ that's what he's saying. yeah but all rappers say. that they do i'm like jesus. that is that and came back sacrilege. [ __ ] are they christians though. they all are they all christians i don't. know if they're all christians they say. that and they should be going. they should know that that sends. them straight to hell yeah. they don't care though nobody's. really a christian when it comes. down to it cool. but but i i know that. that's not a nickname he said. tell me that asking is where it. comes from what is that jehovah's. jehovah jesus okay that's very weird. but okay well it is weird. is it raining out it. looked like it was gonna rain. when we when i was playing [ __ ] all that ah it's like come on mate. i was gonna get my car. washed i guess not listen. guys lifeline luxury there's a new episode. now so go to patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. come on down charlotte. and little rock arkansas and knoxville and nashville. and cleveland and pittsburgh. and all these different places. uh chrislea dot com i'll be there. soon and also uh leave a comment or oh no. no what the the if you want. to call in or whatever. the hotline or the sending. the video we like the videos. better but the hotline. works too you want a oneonone session. with your with with with mr me. you go to mattelia dot com. book a session with mr. me so save your life. and you want to. merch go to life. on merch dot com. get every single piece of the merchandise. otherwise you're not a real. fan and that is upsetting. to me and and yeah. and you get to. send us pics thank you. and it's mostly that my knees. are knobby not the fact that i have skinny. legs so thank you very. much guys make sure you subscribed. [music] 