 runk hello hello hello hell okay. let's start bab lexington kentucky i'm going. to be in lexington kentucky. and birmingham alabama and montgomery. alabama and mel alabama. and toronto go to. chia dot com and and i don't say. this but let's get it. bismar uh north dakota chris dot com. oxnard california we have our lifeline. live show which will be on our patreon. if you want to. sign up for our patreon. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. let's get it and i don't even. say that but also there's new merch. that yes got out of that. one merch which is at lifeline. merch dot com uh go over. and get it and wear it to. the oxnard show happy birthday. andrea belli it's obviously doesn't know. who he is who me no. yes i do he's that blind. singer nice dude you're rised out. look look look at my eyes. busting busting what that means in. italian is i am busting. look [applause] look that's him. i got you and that's very very very uh upsetting. and offensive to. blind people okay they can't see it. whoa damn dude that that joke. was rised out dude that was based wow. was so based dude dc principal. on vacation with the hat. dude uh your hat what do. we got lay it on. me your hat sunglasses hair shirt. is crazy pimpin pimping. glasses booya booya and booya. what was the other thing. shirt hair and shirt shirt and the hair is an alien a mir cat. an absolute mir cat that's a cool. thing to say i mean. dude uh well that's what i'm wearing. and what are you going. to do about it. i i ask you now. here and now to. your face what are you going. to do about it. malcolm x dude um the lifeline. live is december 5th. tickets are in description and you can go it's in oxnar california. fly there fly oxar you know. the life the lifeline live was so great. and i'm so happy to. do another one and i can't wait yeah me. too man it was uh you know. what you said to. me right after i think so what i don't know. the exact words but it was. something like you were so surprised. at how good i was and it. made me feel good but then for the rest. of my life thus far it. made me feel bad cuz you expected. me to be shitty come on. dude how's that feel no. first of all don't swear two minutes. into the episode but second of all. no that's that's not something. that you can do that's a problem. you have it's not even something. i actually thought honestly so k. good no it actually the reason. i remember is because it made me feel. good and that's it. that's it great bottom line feel felt good. dude uh so you have contacts. in right now i do remember the okay. the last episode was the first day. in years and years. because of my migraine and i needed sunglasses. on and ever since then i i totally forgot about. this but i have like a mountain. of contacts from years ago. that i never used mhm. uh just in a drawer and now oh i lost. my prescription sunglasses so i i have to. if i want sunglasses i have that's why i know that i gave you those. sunglasses last time and you said you'd bring them. back this time oh you have them. um let's see here do i have them. um yes i do okay. cool well then i'll then i didn't then i didn't uh then i didn't i didn't bring sunglasses. in here because i was like he said he'd bring them. he's my brother he doesn't lie. to me i'm a man. of my word pc principal. on vacation so um i love i love oakleys. but more than i love. oakley i love me. in oakleys what do we think what a great. nonboring thing to. say and talk amongst yourselves. about it no but you know. what i i will say this. okay okay this is kind of i took a picture of myself. in oakley's and posted. them a week ago oh okay. and and now you're like i'm getting oakley. and and you have oakley let me see the pick. can we pull it up it's a story probably. not a story making it so yeah. it happened trust me and it was hon. but but uh nobody saw me but i was what i what. i don't think happened is i don't think you. saw the picture and think i need to. get oakley's of course not. right well no not of course. not i mean that happens. i would have said that. by now if i was like i'm wearing oakley cuz i saw you you looked. so good and maybe want to. buy them that's a weird coincidence i did not buy these these were in my house. and i actually just put them on because was in your house. i had a baseball player. over the tonight no uh todd. zal just came over dude. darren dalton was over dude i wish oh rip dude. oh he died no he passed i don't know. john crook was over lenny dyer was over. phil i was going. to say d that's weird. just saying phillies um um yeah anyway all right. well so that's cool um wa you were. saying you don't think that no i i don't think you you. saw it and then decided to. do it right but it's a very weird. coincidence oh that's what you're saying. and and and what also is a weird. coincidence is i would always say that. i wanted a dangly earring. that well we fought about this. already yeah we we what we have fought about this. thought about it early. days of the podcast before. i we were talking about. it what did we what. did we fight about getting. it who's going to. get it first right. right right but but i talked about it. on a congratulations well before that. which is weird honestly i talked about it. on the day you were going. to drop your first episode. of congratulations i said it. out loud and everybody heard me i talked about it in dad balls when we were before. i was born so did you really i go. like this i want i'm g. to get a dangly earring. oh yeah dude what's great is. that these lights make my eyes. cloudy great oakleys dude. got to put on the oakleys. yeah i don't know man. it's it's weird my eyes. do some weird things sometimes get i get it. i'm getting older i guess yeah well we all are. you know okay it's all. good so uh you're getting older. i'm getting younger by the second. i'm literally deaging it's fine. oh like you're like that. guy uh who's like don't die. that whole thing who's going. on don't die it's so annoying. that guy what is that he he's like he's he's like 50. but he's like my biological. age is 42 because of the way i take care. of myself or whatever it is. brian green not brian green hacker. guy yeah what's his name. and then he's like and then he's like he posted. a thing the other day. where he was like it. said don't die and he's like everyone's laughing. now but it's going to. be the main thing that everyone's concerned with. soon and i'm like no. dude every all the time. everyone's talking about how they want to. die soon like that's nobody's nobody's laughing. at you for that reason. they're laughing at you. cuz you look like a mannequin. they're laughing at you. because you look like a vein. in in human form you. look like a living walking breathing big. vein he's like tinted blue dude. just die regular you know. how like sad you are. die regular the the the the the ninth. installment of the bruce willis. franchise he's 80 he just. di it's it's him. in the in the in the hospital. hello m what's mlan mlan so i am. the [ __ ] son of the guy who you killed 900. years ago worst script. remember worst ad living remember. they did that though they they would do. that they'd be like i am. his son yeah yeah jeremy irons was alan. rn's cousin i think right. have 30 seconds he'd say oh my god and i would say that. all the time we used to. say it all the time. so much to the point. that dad said if he won. ever won an award in his speech. he would say chris and matt. go to bed you have 7 seconds. yeah i mean we're 40. now you know too bad. he never won [ __ ] well he did go except the award. once for robin williams called. being a big time. loser yeah he did dude. we should get in that on luxury. that okay well watch that. on luxury my dad. was on the thing all right. cool what a award emy's right it. was robin williams when christine lti. won an emmy yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah for for chicago. hope yeah um christine l. star of my very first wet. dream let's give it up. for christine so like not like no just triggered the worst. memory of all time oh yeah yeah i forgot. what i asked can. we all talk about why. we're all being such space. cadets today me all morning. you forgot what you were. going to say earlier. you forgot what you asked. but you did something woman. over anthony's just like what you did. something's [ __ ] dead just literally drooling on his chair you he's you did you did something a woman would do explain it. dr phil an episode episode. that never aired anod explain. it what now what you did. something a woman would do explain. it what did i what do. you talk oh oh oh no you said it's something. a woman to. do because that's what you say. about everything i mean. women do so much they're really powerful. and they can do anything turning. around as if it was a good thing. so what did you do. i got lost was coming. here i no i didn't just get lost. powerful women get lost though. getting getting lost you not. what i did dude. men it's not just men. that get lost women can get lost. too powerful women yeah. powerful women with short. hair okay now do you want to. know the answer that we're blazers. what i did oh yeah. i on my way. here like an idiot mhm. because i've been to. space i woke up man. i started driving a route i. commonly drive just like this. one but the wrong route. i was just going. to a different place. that i often go to. and i didn't realize until i was just about to. get in the freeway which is the wrong. freeway right so i had to. do you know and you're telling me. a woman wouldn't do that. i mean i guess a woman would do that. but also so a man. a women can do anything. a man can do so a women. can also that could happen. also cuz so i don't want to. be sexist about it. a woman can women can also get lost. honestly what if you answer. a question like that on the stand. in a courtroom like that. much tripping up and having to. go back i'm not tripping up. i'm saying women for sure get get are able. to get lost just like men. and they're able to. go do the wrong route. just like men in fact. they might even do it. better than men the the most roundabout. way to insult. an entire class of people h. i'm tired of just the inequality dude. i think that women are as the same. as men and they have i also think that they have [ __ ] vote for me. uh all right well that's an interesting. take you're talking about men. but all good um all right. let's do let's start the show. hey m and chris i have a question. about social media. lip haven't touched yet. um i don't know if you all are aware. of the mute button but it's basically where you can make it. so you don't see anything anybody posts but you're still like their follower. so they don't know that. you're not seeing they post. they never touch um i am trigger. happy with the mute button if they're most of the time. it's like people who i'm comparing my life. to theirs too much. touched um i just i mute. it right away and then i never think about it. again and it's a really. great way for me. to protect my peace but lately. i have been wondering if it's actually weakening my mindset. um because i'm just shielding myself. from things that make me uncomfortable. so i'm not growing as much. as i could so my question. is is it growing. as a person to. not see that [ __ ] or is it growing. as a person to. expose yourself or is social. media [ __ ] and this is kind of a fake. problem i think that's a great. question um cool let me know what you think. also i would love some more. sweatpants i missed the congratulations. sweatpants even though i know. they were out forever. but i think some lifeline. sweatpants would be cool okay. just an idea okay bye we got the merch. you can get the yes. got out of that one. tshirt and hoodie um i life. merch dot com but uh i i think that's a great. question cuz i i actually thought about this. uh a bit me too. probably before you and it's a coincidence that. i thought about it and then she's bring it. up i'm not saying she copied but women copied too. because they're equal as men you know. um i think uh i wish somebody if somebody was gonna i will say. this if somebody's going to. mute me i wish they would just unfollow. me and why is this. cuz i don't need i don't need that. like just unfollow me. if you don't want to. see my stuff but okay. but why do you care it's all. the same to you in that i gu ever going to. let you know about it. you'll never think about this. person anyway no matter what i think it's all. doesn't matter to. me oh like when i i i muted. when i like i muted. i muted some people in like 2022. 2021 when i realized that. they like were just like they were my friends. and then they were just like once 2020. happened and all my fake. [ __ ] came out that they were like oh uh they just stopped liking my photos and stuff. and and they would appear on my feet. and i just be like i don't want to. see this person because it it hurts. me it reminds me of that. and and it reminds me. that they're fair weathered and so i i just muted. them because i didn't want to. unfollow them cu they didn't make it a whole. thing yeah yeah that's what the mute. buttons for when you want to. unfollow someone but you don't want to. make it a whole thing. especially when that kind of person. is the kind of person that would check if you're the kind of person. who checks if someone still follows you. i'm not saying if you happen. to find out this happens. you go to someone's page. and then you realize wait they don't even. follow me anymore or like you go. to comment on their story and you can't and you're like wait. of course and then you're just like bing bong. and you realize it you know. but like i think that the mute. button is in my mind specifically for people. you want to. unfollow but don't want to. deal with the potential fallout of them. looking and then finding out. and then annoying conversation that is inevitably coming what i what. i wonder is uh oh she's talking. about something a little different than what. we're talking about but she's like she's saying uh is it. i think i think that social media. is kind of just [ __ ] so it doesn't really matter the number three option that she gave us i think it just doesn't really matter like you're muting people that you're following you don't need to. be following them anyway. so who cares if it helps. you not feel insecure about. yourself or your mental health. or whatever then just mute them. who cares totally and i don't. think you should feel like oh well it. makes me uncomfortable maybe that's a good thing. maybe i should let it happen. dude it's all you should curate these social media. things as much as possible. to enhance your life. not don't like add things that. are that make you uncomfortable. on purpose life is uncomfortable. enough you don't need the aid of [ __ ] twitter mhm okay right. great okay but i get it. and it's a good question. yeah her mouth didn't close until halfway. through she even say m words wouldn't cl. agree i was looking the moment. you said it i saw it. happen right away if you slowed. it down uhuh and really zoomed in you would see her. mouth did not close even when she said m words. until halfway through okay don't agree but okay something's got to. be wrong yeah okay. hey guys longtime listener i'm. a true baby and uh hopefully this. is the first submission to. lifeline from india i think oh nice um but yeah this. is the best podcast let's move. on hell yeah thank. you very much you know. lately a lot of a lot. i've gotten a lot. of indian love that's great. i but i don't know what it. is where in person. no in online like comments. obviously not in person no at my house. at my house dude when they come up. dingdong hello hi i love you. bye it is obvious. but maybe had shows i mean you know what what the just looking out. everybody everyone's indian um curry. just so um the worst. joke worst joke and the worst joke. you know the worst joke. about the thing yeah um so no uh the um yeah so i wonder. what that is all about i don't i mean. i wonder what's up. with india just all. of a sudden who knows man. maybe your [ __ ] went v it's not just me though it's also like uh our stuff like uh youtube. the youtube now i'm listening. now i'm listening anyway so thank you. what's up appreciate you and appreciate you. listening and watching the show bro. doesn't want to. hear his question let's do it. i want to. talk about tattoos i have a few tattoos on me. you know and usually when a stranger. an acquaintance or something. comes and asks me about. it i'm an open. book so i love talking about. it i love talking about. their tattoos or maybe why they want. to get one it's it's a great. conversation sure um but there's few people who come and ask you about it. and then you know you take a few. minutes to talk about what this. tattoo means to you and then they just go. with ah cool or you know. they just make a joke. or something like my tattoos are not your small. dog right like that makes me. blood red manas yeah what do. you do in these situations. how do you respond. to these people and also uh would you get a tattoo that. doesn't specifically have to. mean something to. you like just something you think is funny. or ridiculous or just cool. you can um all right. thanks guys i haven't yet. but i would i guess absolutely to. the lad it's just all that. matters is if it's something that you think truly believe you will like having on your body for the rest of your life i mean you don't even need to. do that but you don't need to. but that is the only like real. to me like stipulation going. into getting a tattoo like could i see. myself with this for the rest of my life. uh yeah well if you take the time. to answer somebody's question. mh you're respecting their question. and respecting them if they say a cool. you say no no no no no no no no no no no no no no listen. listen listen you asked me. a question i respected. the question which means i respected. you for this moment. in time i gave you a wellth thought. out answer okay now what you're going. to do is tell me. how you feel about that. wait a cool no that is very disrespectful. especially since i've been so respectful. to you it's just the whole thing. about people i i mean. i get it but it's a real problem. when people just feel like they have to. say something then they say something. in the form usually of a question. get you to answer. it and then it's revealed that they didn't give a [ __ ] all along they were just uncomfortable needed to. say something and now you had to. put in all the effort and thought did a bunch of heavy. lifting and then you and then you have to. realize oh this person doesn't actually give a [ __ ] it's like making a cake it's like being especially for me. dude what i do for a living i talk so somebody's going. to ask me something. and i give them the the the the that's like if i'm a chef. and i bake somebody buddy a cake because they asked me. to and they go thanks. and don't eat it for free. obviously yeah yeah yeah no oh thanks. and they don't eat it. and it gets stale. and it just stays in their kitchen. taking it so long. taking it so far and then i'm like um hello. i call them once i'm like did. you eat it and like but like yeah no that's that's what it. is so yeah it's really. really i think disrespectful is right. word what's annoying is that they don't. even think they're just like almost in a many. panic when they ask. right i gotta say something. a lot of people do that. a lot of people do it's actually sometimes. it's hard not to. do that honestly but honestly. let's do this everybody just stay. quiet no one's awkward no. one's offended it's fine. you know i was thinking about that. earlier yesterday did i not text. you guys this what i was next. to a guy that was just yapping okay. dude yapping to. somebody else okay and loud. did i to. text you about this i don't think so dude. i don't think so he was just yapping about [ __ ] and you know. what i was no one. no to a woman okay. and i was listening and it was and i was like i i can't believe he's saying. all this stuff loudly. and then i started thinking about myself. and about how i'm here also and i'm next. to him and i'm not talking. and then i'm like and guess what last time. i saw this guy who was doing the same. thing picking up uh school. oh kids from school. so somebody's dad you know. and i'm just like he's just yapping. dude and too loud. and i'm like oh you did. mention the too loud. thing something like that so and i'm like dude. who you doing this. for cuz the woman was like yeah. mhm yeah yeah that's true. and she'd pepper in sh. poor woman dude what poor woman. i know and it's but or maybe she liked it. i don't even know i don't i i don't have. a clue but like she was. peppering in some some talking and like dude. hey hey dude like relax. you know to pick. up your kid after school. and be the guy who's just going. to run a muck with conversation. you like how annoying is that. oh no dude here comes. the guy when i was a kid. i used to. play baseball and i remember there. was always one parent on the parent. of like a player of. my team that every other parent. would be like oh no yeah. i mean that's for the even i was aware. as like an 8yearold one piece of [ __ ] like mrs. ballard you know what i mean. it's just like oh no mrs. ballard dude she watches the show. for sure it's her favorite her. son's son might do it. and then we might get in a die. hard situation die regular yeah uh wait dude. i thought of something cool. uh for luxury okay um that. clip that you sent [ __ ] uh pause pause. the [ __ ] it so go three extra minutes anyway okay yeah all right just robbed. a bank hey guys what's up. insert generic comment uh so i'm listening. to your show i've been driving back. from a gig why is no one. got problems anymore where are the problems. what used to. be back in the beginning of the show. there was like a guy like hi. my wife's like stealing my house. and kicking me out of my family. now it's like uh i'm a photographer and i didn't get tagged. in the post on facebook. or hey guys what's your favorite. color mean i'm on problems. i mean my biggest problem. is that there no more. problems on the show you. know i don't i don't i had never had that. thought is that true. i believe it i just had never had that. thought yeah yeah there's there's different stuff. now but like maybe the world's a better. place than it was we honestly. we're fixing the our audience. base at least yeah we're making everyone's lives better. we've been doing this show. long enough nobody has any problems anymore. cuz they're listening to. what we have to. say there you go. i think people like the honestly. what i think people like the best. about our show is the banter. bant sick in it. and um people and so they're asking questions. that will lead to. banta is sick in it. um yeah they're putting the ball. on the tea so we can. smash it up they're not. being like oh my my mom. died what do i do. because then we won't be like well you know. in joke about that we're going. to be serious about it. because her mom died and that's sad. but we would make it funny. of course it's [ __ ] honestly. death can be hilarious. if you really think about it. right so they love the but they love the b. it's sicken and so um they want us. to do that i get that. and if you really really want that go. to lifeline luxury because that's all we do we don't take submissions uh but i will say that. guy did look like uh he was in a band. and he was obviously in a band. and uh that's great and but he's in a band. like in like minnesota. or wisconsin no no he's he's he's for. sure european that guy's european. yeah no he was australian whatever. it is we're all so different. i think he's indian honestly. because he was on my show. and indians love um. all right next yeah hello chris. and matt going to i have a question. is he for at work there. are two co workers that are getting. married now a joke. i'm quite new at this. workplace and i have been invited. to both weddings a robot. i don't know these people a robot. mostly we mo we work. work remote mhm and i don't see. them or talk to. them or know them okay have a remote wedding. and one of them sent. me an invite a wedding. on zo with the uh wrong. name it's a different name. it's not my name oh. she was like okay she got the wrong. name you get it yeah she called i did. not answer and they called me. from like the wedding samur. ceremony crew planners my function. if i'm going to. come and i just said no. and that's it negative. should i also write politely to. the coworker sent me the invite or should i just say nothing. and continue with my life. robot cheers bro if you want everyone to. think you're the biggest [ __ ] dick. in the world then don't do anything. i guess yeah no hey [ __ ] is wrong. with you no no that's crazy. no i i think what he did. was there's an option. yes or no so he replied. no he said the planner. reached back out no no no no actually that would that would be fine. he said he got that. invite the name was wrong. so he didn't respond. at all then the wedding. planner reached out and said is that what he said yes right. and yeah and then he said no period. the end unreal but in that. hear me out yeah. in i don't know where he from. in that country that might be the most polite thing. you can do you it. might be but let me tell you you're from dicksville. if you do that in america. but i'm just saying anywhere in the west in you know different. customs sometimes you're like what the [ __ ] dude. has anybody sure put their finger. in their anus and put it under your nose. yet and you're like no and you're like oh they hate you. but what in what [ __ ] world oh we love you we love you we love you just wiping just he also could be paraphrasing for the the story you know i know that's true. that that is true no you should say. you should say it's weird. if they dude they got his name wrong. for you know what actually let me. just go ahead and say since i know. this because i've been married. uh that might be not. the person's fault that. might be the wedding planner's fault. you're wait you're saying it might be the wedding. planner's fault only yes yeah sure. yeah i guess that's possible. in which case that doesn't but but it's still weird. if you barely know me you're just work. acquaint and it's usually on. zoom or whatever. he said like remotely um and they got your name. wrong yeah also i want to. know was it like thomas instead of tomas or something. or was it like jean. instead of was it alpha 15. right yeah exactly really johnny. neonic or was it yeah um was it. not your name or your name. misspelled i i would have liked just i would just reach out. and be like yo i can't i can't make it um uh because you invited. the wrong person and then never no. i would say i i i can't make it sorry. about that my but it's too. [ __ ] late for that well no it's not why did the dick. thing no no no but he told the wedding. planner uhhuh so you're saying what he could reach out. to the yeah and just be like yo um i don't know if your wedding. planner told you or whatever but i just want to. explain like i can't make it you know. i don't think that's i think that it's not. it's not too late and then i hope what they say. is but you got the invite right. why didn't you respond. so then he could say the thing. about the name and then they could have a big. fight you know it opens the window. to a potentially big fight and i would i wouldn't immensely. enjoy that okay you know. okay we do another one. okay guys quick question why is it. always so hot in there oh oh oh in here once. every couple episodes you guys comment. on how frank and hot. it is in the studio. even on congratulations chris you comment. on how hot it. is in that studio. as well um where are you. and why doesn't it have adequate. air conditioning it does but we turn it. off to record because it's loud. followup question people don't. know that what do you set. your house thermostat to. i'm a big 66. to 68 guy are you. a [ __ ] some people i know are 746 which i would just be sweating my 74. to 76 great a little too. warm but that's great. um not for me i love. it let me know uh dude. i don't man sam. videographer who comes with me. videographer oh yeah yeah he [ __ ] man. but he likes it. really cold i'll go in his room. that is an obene thing. to do and i'm like sam. yeah dude he ordered a pizza. we ordered a pizza we were in some peterboro. ontario i think we order. a pizza cuz that's all you could get mhm. and dude he was like you want to. come go to. your room or you want. to go i said do. you have two beds. or do you got one. bed i said i have one bed. he says i got two beds. i was like all right. let's do it you're i went. in and it was it. was so cold now i go. you got to turn that air. off that's c that. is c he's in shorts. and a sleeveless shirt. some people actually made different. and i say yo i'm built different. you know mean i'm built different though. you like you're you're an orchid you want. to be in a [ __ ] hot house different. dude is that what you're saying. sam's like skinny as hell i. that's what i'm saying he's just built. different so then he he turns. off the air and then opens the window. and it's not warm outside and i'm like bro. it's cold still and he's like i was trying. to get the air out and i'm like you're trying. to trick me bro. i don't understand people who are cold. who are not cold i'm i am. always cold and when i come here. we yes oh yeah i thought you just preferred it. like an orchid likes it. i didn't know no i'm cold. really yeah kristen and i all the time. we're like come on dude. like kristen what kristen all. the time she's like it's it's too. warm i'm like no yeah. dude honestly though i've considered not. going to your house. before because it's i know how hot i'm going. to be i know i hate being hot. this is my issue i don't like ac but more than how much i don't like having the ac on i cannot. stand i'm such a [ __ ] baby. when it comes to. give it to. me give me give me that. funk that sweet that nest that gushy. stuff and don't bn with me. and don't bullit me. well i didn't do the swear. i know but i'm the exerted. version all right uh yeah wait wait wait what was the first. what i love how is what i love. is how the last guy. was like where are the problems. and this guy is like what do. you set your temp at yeah. really but wait what was the first. part of his i forget exactly. what the first part of his twoparter. was second was why is it. always hot why is it. hot in here because when you record. it it's often hot know the an cuz the building. is old the ceilings are really high. and built originally with an air. conditioning because it built before air. conditioning was a thing. what do you mean. [ __ ] off we have air. conditioning though it's just too loud. to after the fact it's not. part of the building so it's too loud. because of that no it's not oh well. we would always turn the ac off. because it makes it sound when let me tell you a little hollywood insider. thing every movie scene they shoot. what what is your [ __ ] problem. man i'm explaining a part of what you said i'm extending it. why do you have to. take like ownership i can't. add to it. no you can add to. it but then why are you like i was what i was saying. because i said that. and then you started saying something. else like it was that. which is what i was originally. saying but when you came in like a [ __ ] mac truck i was just going to. say what you said cuz that's the topic. cuz you came in like a [ __ ] mac truck out. of 10 how mad are you. like five or six. it's too high it's too. high if you did that. to me i would only be at a two. but you always always do that. you always saying that's what i'm saying. that's what i was saying. it's like that's what conversation. is people add on to. the things that other people say. but i'm not but i'm not i i you know. how mad i am zero. no i know that yeah. so why are you six i don't want. you to be child psychologist a child. psychologist uh why am i six um it's [ __ ] that you're six i'll say i started thinking damn are we going. to have to. cut this out no no we'll never do. that that's very him yeah. it is out here bro. it was fleeting but i that's i was looking at your face. and you were it was too. high of how mad you were. yeah but i mean that that's an honest. assessment a five or six i mean. you guys have seen me. really mad it wasn't like oh w. yeah no you got you get pretty. [ __ ] mad but and then i feel bad for 17 days after okay well look i think i should be good you're you're fine but but uh i i said it's because we're recording and we have to. turn the air off mh then you said yeah. uh this building is old this. ceiling is high they didn't. put air in that is not the reason. why it's hot in here that's what. yes that's one of the re when we record i no. no but no i mean this. building is runs hot basically is. what i'm saying okay in general. okay when it's hot. the heat is just like collects inside here. but when he asked about. the congrat then he said congratulations. it's always hot it's because we're recording. that's really why cuz if we weren't recording we could turn the air. on right yes of course of course so then you went. back and said oh it's actually because of you reminded. me of go ahead you say it's actually because of let me tell you a hollywood. secret i already was had said that. you said hollywood secret. well i didn't say hollywood. secret but i this is about a hollywood. secret why didn't you say. chris let you in on a hollywood. secret then because instead you get to. six because why what i say what. do you mean you're policing just the no. i'm not i'm just saying out. of 10 what are you. now a three or four. i'm zero all right well. that's good it's good. i'm going down it's it's good. you're remained at zero everybody's. good five maybe again. the truth comes out uh hollywood. secret that every movie you ever see that. takes place indoors the ac in that at that location. or on that set is off okay. thank you very much elv. because it gets makes any even the slightest sound. will [ __ ] up sound okay hollywood insider [ __ ] now you know you know uh their dog [ __ ] the the office dog [ __ ] cu the office dog [ __ ] is and it could have been anthony but we think it's the dog those kinds of reasons are the only reasons we will cut not if we ever get into. a fight you will see it all uncut okay. that's fine uh do you agree. that you shouldn't have gotten to. six yeah wow yeah now i feel bad. yeah you now you feel bad yeah. why do you feel bad about. didn't expect you to. agree with me all right. all right hey christen matt. huge fan of the show. uh chris have been a fan. since day one i was actually on episode. four of congratulations um i made you that. shirt that says sucks in coline. wow my name's eric. o'neal you totally roasted me on stage it was great you night but um that's amazing. anyways uh something crazy. happened to me yesterday. uh my biological sister reached out to. me because she just turned 18. and through the adoption agency. they found me um i'm 29 and so she's there's a huge age. gap there and she was raised. by a hispanic family and she's white like me um so she speaks. spanish uh she has a spanish accent. oh wow but she's like really desperate. for a connection and that makes sense not desperate. but like she really wants. that and um things are not so good. in her life right. now so i feel all this. responsibility to like be her big brother. and to like um protect her you know. and all that stuff but yeah i just you know. talked to her for the first. time yesterday so um i guess how would you guys. go about gaining a sibling overnight. that's wild uh what would you. do you know it's a crazy. thing but uh i'm i feel super blessed. but at the same time. you know um how do you guys. think i should go about. it like how forward should i be and how much should i protect her mind from all. the crazy stuff that our mom. put us through and stuff. so anyways that's my question. i love you guys so much. uh keep doing what you're doing. chris you saved my life multiple times uh and matt you're just the coolest. dude so brock al. yeah we both did that at the same. time i feel you bro man. siblings um that's that's crazy. man that's i'm trying to. imagine i'm you know how sometimes you. can like put yourself in this. situation and like actually kind of feel how it is. even though you you you don't know truly you can still have feelings. about it like you can just think about something. or you can be like all right. what would it be like and then you kind of start. to feel things yeah i don't think i could possibly. do with this but i do i do know. what you well well you can't. do it to. the level of what it is ever but you can do it. a little bit no like imagine this. so crazy sounding to. me it's hard to. yeah like imagine yourself sitting at a diner. waiting for uh your half. brother and it's dad or mom's. you know half of them. and and you're like wow. this is going to. happen and then you see them. and then you're with them. i can feel what that. might feel like a little bit can. you yeah but what i can't. feel is not knowing i had a sister. and then suddenly some girl calls me and says hey i just turned 18. i can a little bit not to. the level yeah i don't know you can't do that. that's so crazy though must be why. i'm such a good actor maybe yeah. that's the reason now when people ask. you you can answer no. but this uh just show them. this clip that's wild. i mean how do you even answer. that question i mean i would just say follow. your heart but proceed with caution like don't don't don't block. her in any way and don't like not let her. in in particular or specifically but i think that you. got to just be careful. totally opening up your heart. and life and everything to. this person you actually don't know true. you don't know of course. she's your sister and you want to. have a good relationship with her. in a deep relationship and a meaningful. relationship you want to. tell her things that she might not. know or maybe you don't want to. tell her certain things but like let it come to. you and again i think follow. your instinct which is to. have that relationship but really do try. to do it slowly. if for no other reason than to. to to give yourself the opportunities. to see maybe something bad. is coming at you and you know. if you were moving fast. into it you wouldn't be able. to see that sader um. i think though you're right. that's good that you said. you don't know at all. you don't know at all. yeah you could be getting. scammed who knows what if it's not even [ __ ] his his that i mean that would be crazy but i'm sure he's taking some kind of step to. that's on you honestly if that. if that happened to. me and then i found out later. that it wasn't even. my brother brother or sister. i go like this uh i felt victim. to the game yeah i mean. that would be the craziest scam. though what would she be trying. to get i mean i don't know. just time with hanging out with me. is really co bud. just wants a buddy you used me. to be a buddy actually be kind of flattering. you know um but yeah that's tough dude. i mean i guess kind of congratulations. that's that's pretty cool like it's cool. to just out of the blue. have a sibling that you might get with and have share. some kind of something with that's not common. no what do you think you. seem like a really sweet guy. yeah you really do so i think you probably. want to move fast. get to know her really well let her in open. your heart and that's cool. that you want all those things. but you know you know. what's funny i guard your heart. while opening your heart. you being so what uh being such an a song i i um he he i remember. saving his life i ran. into a um burning building. and i brought him out. hey what do you think people. mean when they say you saved. my life multiple times cuz that we've had about a handful. of people say that. to you 7580 what do they what. do you think they mean. 150 you know 200 um they mean. they were in such a low. place and listening to. the podcast or my standup. whatever pulled them out of it. okay got it good. answer succinct the very succinct. answer people's lives [ __ ] suck man. you know oh god friends. in low places um but i know what that's like you. know like when you were in such a deep. hole you like and then you find something. like [ __ ] it doesn't even need to. be something great like it could just be something. that's like that pulls you. like a grabs your hand yeah. or uh what it uh it. could be a guilty pleasure. like it could be a you know. like for me i would watch love. island when i was in a dark. place and it just like made me feel better. and that's for idiots yeah god yeah that show you tried. to show me once i was trying. to be nice like this. is just season was awesome. it was lit yeah it was litty. g gord litty. uh great all right. wow man andrew from started. over started over start i got so far. i think we've talked to. this guy before second of all. the first second let's see how he how he walks. his back cuz the first second of the video i want to. punch him in the face. it's crazy how much i want to. punch him in the face. it is weird to. have a punchable face and to. do what he did in. the first two seconds let's see if he walks it. back and let's see if i start. to feel bad about wanting. to punch him. in the face now wait before. you do that what i would like in my fantasy. is i'm lefthanded you're righthanded with his face. is here we both simultaneously. punch him so his face cracks. and smooshes and he's got nowhere. to go on either. side so the impact. [ __ ] his face up even more wow okay if he goes like this though and we go and our fists meet and we become more. powerful this the most epic fist. bump either way it's a winwin okay what's up mad chris. it's your boy andrew from. poan you already know. what it is what's on. episode 56 you guys help. me out with the volcano. situation super funny episode if you haven't seen it. go check it out anyways. um 6 months later. i got married 6 months. later after that had one of these a quitty. very nice very tight being a girl. d is awesome but um seems like every time. me and my wife go to. eat something or go. to record her uh doing something cute. she starts crying really uh awesome. not awesome um chris just wanted. to know does your kids. do this or is it. just my little sweetness over. here uh yeah love you guys. matt stay sexy chris you already know you're funny. so get out of here. love you guys i mean. i don't want to. punch him in the face. anymore i want to. take a baseball bat no. he's just doing his thing. he's just being hammer. his skull no no. that's really look look. at what what it paused like. gallagher with the watermelon n. he's obviously a really sweet. guy i know that's not what you're you're not. saying he's not of course he's sweet. but what he's doing right. there i'm looking it's amazingly upsetting. um so no it's just [ __ ] up he's he's he's good. okay so my kristen does. this thing man all the time. so she never has her phone right. i okay always have my phone. and it's always in my pocket. or something you know. i'll be doing something with the kid. kids one of them and it's cute. and then she'll go give me your phone. i want to. record it and i always give her my phone. to record it but i know that once i disrupt what's happening. and move give the phone. the moment is over and the kid. never does the thing again. and she can't record it it's happened. so many times i haven't even brought it. up with her yet. i'm going to but i'm like just let the moment. live well i mean look or have your [ __ ] phone at that point you got to. let the moment live because you should know. that by the time you ask open. up the phone frame it up it's going. to the moment's going. to be [ __ ] gone so don't bother even asking in that moment here's even wor. this even worse. there's even worse. if something cute is happening. i'm with her and she's like get your phone. out start recording that's actually even worse. because then i'm like i don't want to. oh yeah and i and she makes me. do it and then by the time. i get it out it's done. so i don't think that that's i mean. the crying thing i don't know i mean. babies just cry but man. for me it's they just stop doing. the thing and it drives me. nuts cuz why can't we just live. in it but but that's a different. thing that's a different thing. what he's saying um you you know. i don't know if uh i don't know dripping see it's hot. that dude i wouldn't hit that. okay well that's good did. you move it out. of the way because you thought maybe i'd hit it. yeah or were you just giving me. more room both this is what's the difference. there's a difference i'm sorry. expl thought i was going. if you thought i was going. to hit it i didn't think you were going. to hit it thought it's possible. so why not give them. more room see how they link. so you moved it because you thought you would give me more. room not because [ __ ] crystal because it was possible. you'd hit it you don't need more room. in general but you didn't think i was going. to hit it no i wasn't like he's going. to hit that okay i'm being [ __ ] courteous i know thank you but it's it's different. than you thinking i'm going. to hit it i'm not clumsy. you know what this reminds me. of what you know. how much you hate it. when uh somebody puts a drink down. next to your drink that's like in the like they're trying. to do the old switch aoo i. hate that no it's fine. no but that's fine. it's the same if you had the same. per can it's dude. like come on bro. that drives it's like dude. what are you doing dude. the switch i always say. doing the switcheroo huh. and i love that. the switcheroo dude people don't really think about the right. things you know oh that i could not agree. with more uh you i have my own. think but the right things the least amount is what's interesting. is that you say that. that's really rude i think that they're just come. on guys i mean you having the hardest. time staying up upright you know. the way you just did that. with that shirter around. your neck looking down all right. one one more at least one. more they just make noises they're babies dude. they're going to be annoying. you know yeah yeah yeah i he also the baby. will that baby looks so young. it's going to. be in another phase before you even. know it dude okay yo what up. ch matt uh i got a question. that you may or may not be. able to help me with but i figured i would just ask it. anyway uh a lot of people are into. this like whole diet coke. thing like i see a ton. of people who just like are like the cult. of diet coke what i can't. understand is i don't drink a whole. lot of soda i. don't drink regular sodas but on the occasion. that i do sod i go. for the zero verion whatever that soda is so instead of c or c d coke. i drink ced syrup um. and instead of dr. pepper diet dr pepper i. drink dr pepper syrup because the flavor. is just instant better. than the diet version and it's the same. kind of deal it's zero. calories so sugar. like all that j so uh what do. you say to. the people of the uh coke. cult uh to. get them to stop drinking that. nasty can of chemical. water and drink uh a really. good can of chemical water. uh yeah so diet coke. is truly awful. to me it's crazy. bad it's truly awful. to me it doesn't taste. like coke uh it do coke. zero is awful what i don't get is. people only drink diet coke. they love diet coke. it it is it is like its own. thing and i i think maybe it's the kind of thing. where if you don't like grow. up on it or get adct to. it you just are going. to [ __ ] hate it i mean dude it's the worst tasting soda. i'm thinking about it now. coke is amazing and it's truly astounding how terrible. di coke tastes i agree. and coke zero though by the way. but no coke zero. does not taste as bad. no not as as diet co. not even not even close. not yeah you're right. but it is bad but it's worse. and demonstrably worse it just is worse. there's no doubt about it. but right right it's not close. to as bad as diet. coke but but coke is. amazing coke is coke is too good. it's i haven't had a coke. in years w really and uh yeah years. three years i had one the other day. because i was nauseous. yeah i didn't drink the whole. thing i drank half of it. you know dude you can't drink. a whole coke once. you hulk hogan you can't. drink a whole coke. if you go for a long period. of time oh really dude. why the sugar it's just i mean. that yes but also just the taste. is overbearing it t it. tastes so sweet you know. i drank some you know it. it's really good for nausea. but uh help anyway uh it was so good. it sucks that it's so good you know mhm yeah. cuz it's so so bad for you. it really is so so bad. for you should we try. to fit one more in sure. hey v chris big fan. of the podcast thanks for everything. you guys do my question. is about when you meet a stranger. or an acquaintance do you actively try. to make them laugh. and if so how do you go about doing it. because i know myself i think i'm pretty funny. but i really like word. play i like doing bits. most people are just pickill. jones they won't humor me. and it's really hard to. make something out of nothing. so how do you go about. making humor especially with someone. that you don't know that. well i'm finding lately that. i tend to. rely on things that are easy. to complain about that we might be able. to identify your bond with but i don't want. to be a debbie downer. so how do i make it fun. how do i make some laughs i think uh any help. would be great thanks. i think you just got to. be funny bro how can you answer. that yeah maybe you're just you got to. just take what's in front of you. what the last person said. what maybe you're just not that. funny i don't know maybe he is. funny but i'm just saying like he says he he is. i mean not like he's but he says he's like good. possibly there could possibly be. the fact that you know. it's weird it's like everybody. thinks they're funny but few people are funny to. the majority you know and like maybe i mean. i would love to. see an example of this. guy just being like what if it. what i wouldn't give dude. to get him on that. would be a great. example to have just like just meeting a new person. so the the the weather. that's crazy right what is this. london what if he's hilarious. oh dude and and and just and nobody's laughing. be well that would be nuts. that' be like you have to. move you have to. get out of wherever you. are it's unsafe for you. yeah he he uh i don't i think when you're trying. it's tough unless you're a profession. like i can compartmentalize and be like okay. i'd be funny right. now and then do it but that's it. because that's my whole life. you know yeah but if i'm just going. to have a conversation with somebody. and i am like if i'm a if you're a normal. person right and you're just going. to be talking to. someone and you try to. be funny and they sniff that. you're going to try. and be funny it's not funny. it's like when a guy's trying to. be sexy it's like oh you lost. it oh dried the isap. up whoa is i did. a radio version oh nice. you dried it up yeah dude. how about people who just even. though i can do it. i can be sexy and want. to try and be sexy. and then be sexy and then get everyone so [ __ ] wet it's unbelievable. nice this is good um what is up. with people who think they're the funny. person in their group or the funny. or a funny person period. yeah i mean there's comedians like that. dude that where i'm just like they only go up. on stage and they only bomb. and it's been 15. years and why are they not giving up. really oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah yes dude but what okay. so i'm not going to. ask for names obviously but like what is their life. like because they're obviously not like booking. bigger things right if they're not good. they're not good nobody thinks they're good. so what's going on in their they can figure out. some semblance of promotion. or you know to. be frank it's a lot easier. for women if they're not funny. because if they're pretty you know. guys will be creeps and just go. see them anyway okay um but yeah it's it's one. of those usually or you know. you're well connected i guess. i mean look nobody's getting nobody's getting. netflix specials in bombing. but i'm just saying like these people who don't who are just you. know i could name names. they probably nobody would know who they are. but like but like they've been doing it. for 15 years i see them. they only bomb and sometimes. run shows with me they'll bomb. and then i'll go up. and i'll be like that should be your answer. right there you just s saw it's not the crowd. right right or you know. not even just me anyone. whoever goes up and it's just like yeah. it it just it happens. but it's really it's really weird. i don't know i guess. people are delusional but with sense. of senses of humor it's just like i don't. know it's such a specific thing. and taylor to. each people that each person. that maybe it's just now. they didn't get it. it's it's easier i mean. i've seen it with so many. people dude oh seen what. specific people bomb years and years and years for years. yeah yeah yeah yeah they bomb. for years they never kill uhhuh. they never do well. dude wonder what that does. to their minds did they think they kill. you you talk to. me they're like oh it's great. crowd oh wow and you're like oh yeah. i know i'll show you how good wow but but absolutely losing [music]. it what's happening what was. each one an explosion. from far away and it radioactive. waves got you but the i was way. off i was thinking what you think i thought. you were like doing some parachuting out. of somewhere i was so off. anyway sorry sorry to. have been wrong look. look someone's on stage cricket. birds [ __ ] oh okay yeah ladies and gentlemen. you know whoever donna rawlings mhm. one word killed everyone. and then and then the people who bomb are just like. great crowd and you're like yeah. when you're in the audience. surfer you know what i mean. dude it's just weird bro. i don't i don't get it. i don't get it d. and i don't like it. and it's you know it's one of those. weird subjective art forms where well art but subjective. things kind of what i wanted. to say it's not okay. standup to me is like the most clearly. and it's impossible to. not be like a merit. meritocracy situation like either yeah you're the you're making people. laugh or you are not. and if you are making people laugh. you will move up. the ladder yeah and if you are not you. won't it's the clearest it's like almost arguably no it is it's clearer. than sports even which is almost impossible. well no because you there's a winner and a loser. for sports i all i'm saying. is is audience is laughing. or audience is not laughing. yeah but there's levels of laughter. there's like y you think you think you did. well sometimes i'm like oh i did. well and then i see somebody go on and they do better. or something and i'm like oh okay. actually i did i did good. but that was maybe he's where you are. in the lineup or they're not. jiving with you 100% whatever it is. you um that never really happens. to me but you know. say no i'm saying sometimes. it does yeah it's it. has happened maybe depends on who you ask. my haters so um all right. well there you go i'll be. in toronto i'll be in a bunch of different. places go to crystalia. uh i have a lot. of dates in um alabama. and uh have a good time. get a new merch. get the new merch. get the lifeline we're going to. be an oxnard lifeline live so go. to uh get the tickets. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. sign up for lifeline luxury. uh you can watch the lives. if you can't make it to. the actual show you can watch them. after we do them. as a member of lifeline. luxury and like chris said visit lifeline. merch dot com and get the new based rised. out merch true okay thank you very much hello hello hello will you please hello. hello hello hello 