 oh and then in the bed. later oh man too bad we missed. out on cooking things oh let's get taco bell you won't montage eating. taco bell no no no no no no no and then candle. feeds the flame oh god. [ __ ] talk about this oh yeah we're making our dreams. you know drunk [music]. we started yeah i was so nervous. to talk about oh do you want to. have your thing yeah i did. i wanted to exhibit it. the guy's name is mark oh does. everybody see my nose yo. i see it okay. it actually makes you sound different. dude i know because it clears my nostrilisimos and when it clears my nostrilisimos. i feel better you guys. can see it because you see that. my nostrils look big. like they're flaring up. uh you see the little rubber. thing on the bottom it's clear. you can't really tell but if you know. me you can tell because i look different. it opens up my nostrilisimos so i can breathe. everything would be so boring if you just didn't say i'm not sure. this emotional well i did say nostrilisimos because i know how to. entertain people astralisimo is a [ __ ] italian psychic all right taking it out now okay um i mean you know hiding hiding to. it magic trick magic. trick uh uh yeah well uh i tell you what dude. um this is lifeline and we have a new episode. of lifeline today and it's amazing. so that's great uh go to. chrisley dot com to. get tickets i'm on tour. right when does this. one come out i gotta be in uh canada. that's pretty much sold out. except for ottawa i think um out. of what the frig get tickets. to everybody what the frick. are you thinking i'll be in cleveland. and i will be in um yeah keep it. moving obviously you know because it's already pittsburgh. um detroit orlando fort myers. richmond virginia that's the one. i can remember baltimore philadelphia. and reading pennsylvania chrisley dot com. get tickets like and subscribe. we'd love it if you uh were a uh um what do you call. it on lifeline luxury. we got patreon dot com. lifeline luxury uh that's where we got our. our um other well it's this podcast. just within batman and no no. uh what do you call. it uh guest submissions the thing. about that show is that it. keeps getting better the very last. episode which might be the second or last by. the time this airs um was bellissimo. yeah all right a lot. of isimos and then um uh you can go to. get the oneonone advice session. with matt at matalia dot com. and send us a submission. by clicking the thing in the below in the link. um or in the merch. lifelinemirch dot com gotta get the merch. gotta get every piece of the merch. otherwise you don't count. uh well that's very very hardcore. if they don't count in what life. you don't count in my heart. well if you have a couple you're doing good. you're getting close to. counting in my heart if you have them. all you count honestly my beloved. you're among my both not. only do they count they're one. of your beloveds. yeah okay so if you want to. match beloveds exactly yeah so uh oh i didn't bring the painting. somebody painted us oh i saw i saw it. something that's cool i'll bring it. uh two things one you forget. richmond which bothers me because richmond should be the one. that you remember because it's the word. that a lot of people are saying now. because that guy oliver anthony who sings. rich men north of richmond. is that where i'm gonna be yeah. so you're gonna be right. there if you go north you better. watch out the rich men. will try to. take all of your money. richmond they will tax you and there. will be like he said as he says people. who are five foot three. and three hundred pounds. on welfare trying to. take your money yep. that's the lyrics what if that. was how it was and it wasn't that. they were like trying to. go through the system to. take get money they were literally like hey it's children's right. and then they would take it and then roll. away wow i mean is there. anyone that's five three and three hundred pounds. in his song there are do you think that there. is though i mean at least one. right yeah there's got to. be a handful that'd be like uh what do you call it the um uh spawns villain. violator violator yeah violator violator was the scariest comic book. yeah he was yeah and even john. leguizama was scary when he did it. he was he was really good. in it john that was almost a good. actor dude yeah he is there. was uh there was uh my whole life. kind of like loving life. living life hello i don't know. i love and life there. was a line from something. that i didn't know no. you're gonna ask people to. know no i i found out and don't act. like that would be bad if i did. that though well just like you know. use google for the thing. not our audience right. obviously i would try it. okay anyway somebody saved my life. on house guests you don't. need to save my life. this time because i figured it out. okay on my own thanks. to everybody else so it. was a villain saying. the the name kincaid like this. isn't that robocop no it was the cartoon spawn. violator oh violator was saying and when i discovered what it. was actually a friend of mine. showed it to. me because oh i needed help. and he did it for me. thank you well so far. thank you ben so far. that's the most this is the most boring. the podcast has ever been now. listen to this though so and that's fine. because we got our die. hards you know what i'm. saying no we got her die. hards and they're still listening. but this is the most boring. the podcast has ever been you know. what i mean we're talking about kincaid. i don't even remember honestly. so that's great talk about oliver. anthony and everybody else is talking about that. so it's not that bad. that is true and oliver anthony. is a good singer. and he's a good singer. everybody's mad at him now though because he called america. a melting pot and all the people who were supporting him and loving him. on the road yeah like that's not why. is that even controversial. use a melting pot it. just is whether you like it. yeah there's a lot. of people from a lot. of different places i mean. that was reagan's whole thing. like if you're on the right. you love reagan come. on everybody so what's the deal. he just want it's white. people that are like or what i don't. understand people on the far right. that are like it's not a melting pot. that it's he was saying. it in a positive light right. so if he was like in his melting pot and i hate that they would have liked that well. yeah but only still though. don't you think that's a fringe of people. like i it just seems like everybody's. mad at him oh sure but twitter makes it. always seem like that right. right but but a ton of people. on twitter were ganging up on him. being like oh we thought you were our. hero but you think america's. melting pot and that's a good thing. so we hit you got it. yeah like a lot of christian. nationalists because uh people were like that. because people don't like me on twitter. but i go out on and on the street. and everyone stops me and takes pictures. and [ __ ] did you know that that's real life. twitter it's not real life. isn't that crazy i just someone just did it. right now it happens. to me too so it's not. even a thing so i don't even listen. to no but it happened so i don't even. listen to people when they say something. to me like i'm like oh maybe they're talking. to me and i don't know but some guy. all of a sudden i kept hearing. the talking i'm walking here i came. here to talk he's like come. on man he's like i know you heard me. and i'm like oh wait what. and i turn around i love. you podcast man and i'm like oh [ __ ] i was like he's like can i get a picture and i was like sure and i took a picture and they stood there and i was like cool well thank you man and then i walked and i walked over here so now who's boring i the last time. someone recognized me it was these two. women and they were like doing like this. rabbits looking at me yeah. and they were eating little pieces. of lettuce and i noticed him. and i was like what do. i got like it happens. to me not enough that. every time it happens. i think like i got something. on my face or something. yeah i mean it doesn't happen. huh it no i just said. it i just literally just said it. does never but it doesn't happen. as much as it. does to like truly famous. people because obviously i'm not that. okay and i obviously should be that. i don't know um but yeah i think i should be famous. and it turned out. they they they knew i was and they were like oh he's the greatest. i know that you think that and a lot. of people think that but i don't think that. about myself okay other a lot of people other people think if this is a real conversation. to be the weirdest guy. they'd be like okay. yeah yeah um but yeah and i was like you guys. want a picture of me. they were like yeah we obviously do. and i was like okay. wow weirdest poses i mean. you know bad hold your tits. hold your tits dude. um that was gamerville dude. gamerville so it was like my space. days right that was my space. there was a guy that we saw his profile and he was like this. gamerville and it's the the thing under was called. gamerville and everything was game it. was a has a high school. picture though which is he had a bright. yellow buttoned up collared shirt on. and he was super handsome. yeah and he was like a teenager. though and he posed like this. super serious and now gamer. hey dude we can't but we can't get out. of the boringness right now. you cannot get out of the boringness. we're stuck in a [ __ ] quicksand of boringness. this is boring as [ __ ] dude i'm actually getting upset. how do we make it. better this podcast is right. now this episode is the legit. most important episode we've ever done. out of 60 episodes i don't think so i don't i think it's really good so far. we've been laughing we're having fun. everybody they're laughing yeah. but you think it's you i did. the poses that was good. that was good but like you know. ever since nostrilisimo yeah it's been downhill. wow i guess the poses were good. nostrilysima was good yeah but come on dude. i'm getting upset man all right. well then this could start submissions i guess. so but we should be more entertaining you want. to get entertained before. we start i don't know. i mean we don't need that. right no i think we're good though. i think we're being great. all right all right we're being great. all right so let's do the first one. okay here we go. and here we go. hi matt and chris i love. you baby book chris i saw you saw you. i just need some advice so my brother. has been dating this. girl for the past two and a half. years and i just don't like her. at all um she's very very inauthentic. she tries really really hard. to get me to. like her in a in a really weird. peoplepleasing way and it just rubs me the wrong. way they're around very often twice. a week and i'm just looking for. some advice on how to. tolerate her just to. keep a good relationship with my brother. um so any advice would help. thank you the only thing. she said is hey guys i need advice. i don't like my brother's girlfriend. she tries to. be too nice so just based off. what she said that. doesn't sound bad she's the problem. yeah no i think she buys me. gifts and she gives me. massages it's really annoying she always tells me how nice i look. number one how do i get rid of her. what i a problem purportedly. i would imagine the way. she does i i understand. actually there are people who i've known. who want me to. like them so bad yeah yeah yeah it makes me. hate them well but okay but it doesn't make you. hate them or does it. just uncomfortable about them and you're like you don't want to. be around them because that's different. okay but if it's let's say it's that. it's two times a week that's a lot. it is but it sounds like this. person is a good person. right but it's still a good. valid question this really bothers. her how she's supposed. to do it she's not. saying like how do i confront you. said i really don't like her. is what she said fine. okay she's being made uncomfortable by it okay. and she wants advice. on how to. deal with it tell her. to chill to. hit look you don't need to. impress me i already don't. like it you're never gonna win. me over hey look and let's move on dude. and then tell my brother. gets a new girlfriend i. won't be happy so it's all. good dude here's the thing i see it. twice a week what's weird is. that that actually would be the best. thing for everybody but she can't. do that because that's that. would not be the best. thing that would be breaking the social contract. worst thing for every individual. no it would be the brother. would be awful she would cry. no but the person would feel bad. about it that's the first part. just the first part where you're like. look you don't have to. try to impress me. i don't like you and i'm not gonna like you but that's fine. that's a hardcore dude. we could we could just tolerate each other. everything will be great. you don't have to. try to make me. like you i don't and i'm not gonna that. would make things better two. envelopes slide one over to her don't like you slide. another one over sure not gonna why. why do the envelopes because it's so hardcore. if you give me a hardcore. be so hardcore is it. like it should be personalized. stationary too it should. be like a really beautiful writing and like a hearts. and stuff so it like oh this. is sweet you know. don't like it and then and then not gonna and and the the disrespect. of not even referring to. the first card is the best for the second card. oh i have a good i think you should have. a third one what when she reads. the second one she's obviously gonna have some kind of reaction. yeah yeah yeah you just say. like something yeah and then you just go uh slide. over the third one and then and the third. she opens the third one. and says don't bother. don't waste your breath. is even better actually uh just just do. you love your brother. yes then like it's fine. dude she's just you're with her. twice do you see her. twice a week yeah but if you really want like tips. on how to. handle it dude haven't you. experienced life all you got to. do is smile nod and then like turn and talk. to somebody else two times a week. is a lot it is but like you obviously. don't want to. listen to her for the sake. of your brother is this. a deal with it situation. is this a hey deal with it. the advice is dealing deal. with it i mean kinda but just like only because look if you don't really have a great relation. with your brother then all bets. are off let loose and let it fly. and let her rip and let them. have it and let it all hang out. okay you know so much. and let's get it. on baby baby you know. so that's not right all right. you want to. [ __ ] no no like let's get it on like let's fight um let's get it on dude and then let's get ready to. rumble i hate you hey. i hate you so disgusting. doing this for my brother. uh because ew uh yeah deal. with it that's my favorite thing. i do here's my name. here's my advice grow up no. rate my hair quick rate my hair. eight really dude seven um it's pretty good. today really it's pretty good. yeah it's good today yeah. marco that's as good as it. looks so has always hated your hair. no that's has always wanted to. tell you he hates your hair. but couldn't because we're live now. had an opportunity so. he said something that wasn't dishonest. no no let me say that. again okay that's the best. hang on what am i trying. to say that's the best. your hair can look that's the best. version of your head. no i think it's so dead. still rude still so wait. this is the best my hair. can look yeah in a but the way. you're saying it sounds so bad. no it sounds like you're dealing. with a [ __ ] of hair and he's just like you do it you're making the best. of what yeah that is yeah. yeah that is hot outside hey. it's what it is all. right well okay all right. so 10 out of 10. for my hair but not 10. out of 10 for hair that's the [ __ ] up part right all right whatever right 10 or 10 for your hair four out of ten for hair it doesn't even get onto the actual right what do you call it rating system when it comes to. just hair okay all right all right. all right next one next one. just show them what the gym. has made for you know what i'm saying. bro this guy's so nervous. seriousness it could be from lord. of the rings obviously this. guy is nervous and this is the way. but he has lord of the rings face. right yo matt yo. chris what's good just show. them what the gym has. made for you know what i'm saying. all right yeah i do but uh but for real. in all seriousness uh recently. i went to. a drivethrough to. pick up some food. and there was a girl at the drivethrough. window who was pretty cute. and i wanted to. just kind of give her a compliment. i'm just being like hey you're really. pretty or whatever and as she was. handing me my food i was like hey you're super cute. like i was like uh thank you. for the food uh by the way. you're super cute or whatever. and immediately she was like oh okay. or like not like that. it was more like it. was just kind of like a like okay. like i want to. leave kind of thing and like she wanted to. kind of close the drivethrough. window it was just a really. weird response and i was like really confused because i was like i don't think i was being weird. about it and i was like sorry. i don't i'm not trying to. be weird i just wanted to. compliment or whatever and then she was like all right. all right and like just like see it. and i was like okay. like enjoy your food. let's see bye you know. it was just very weird. yeah um sounds like it he was native. i guess i'm just wondering he's like am. i the one being weird. was she weird with her reaction. um are compliments like that. like like can you give compliments. like that where you're just kind of straight. up [music] um does the context. matter or something like that. do you think it's weird. i just i would like to. get your guys general. uh thoughts on compliments as a whole. like how you would go about that. and stuff like that so anyway. i don't know uh thanks. so much for your guys's. podcast it's awesome thanks bro and uh yeah i'll see you later thanks manchester. trailing off you're a good. guy yeah i don't feel like i don't feel like that's weird. at all oh thanks. oh you're super cute. by the way it's not weird. but it's totally understandable. that it would make her uncomfortable. you never know yeah yeah no that's true. because you don't know. about she obviously you know. her dad died early and maybe she has a lot. of trauma but like you have no. idea what someone else. is going through you have no. idea like the experience she's having of you. doing that she could have just had something bad. happen right before yeah. true who the hell knows. what if you found out that the place. was actually in the process of getting robbed. and he had no idea afterwards. that's why she was so weird. he would be like oh i feel better. now and he wouldn't care. that got robbed you know. yeah yeah yeah but look these things. happen and you gotta the best. advice i got ever got about. stuff like this you have a bad. experience in life that isn't that meaningful. but it affects you. in a way that you kind of can't. let it go not me. think of it like toilet. paper you'd wipe your ass. with it you wipe your ass. with it one time wow it's got [ __ ] on it and what do you do you flush it. down the toilet you don't think about that. and you don't wipe again. it's just gone you wipe one. time and then you're done. uh no but like it it. it's in your past it. is done it was a weird. clunky awkward thing how it happened. it's good though it's not. indicative of how it's going to. happen in the future it's not. indicative of what you did. that warranted the weird feelings that rose. after she said what she said. it's nothing it's it's nothing it just happened. and life goes on so it i get what you're where you're coming. from like did i do it. weird was it wrong was it. wrong no no no unless you did. it weird but it doesn't sound like you did. but like people are gonna react. weird sometimes when you comment on their physical. appearance even if it's a good. thing especially women because women ostensibly. especially in this case if she's a as you say. cute girl she probably gets it. a lot and doesn't know. what to do with it. especially at work it makes sense. dude like you guys to. just it's honor it's it's not weird. that you did it but it you got to. accept the reaction you're gonna get if you're gonna go out. on a limb like that. yeah yeah but it's fine. who cares yeah yeah who cares. i would have doubled down. what what's up with the weirdness. oh wow you're cute. can i get a straw. yeah you're really cute. by the way he didn't even [ __ ] describe what she did well. at all because you know. it was worse than what. he was i know that. i know that he was like hey you're cute. and she was like okay well she was like her and then like it was kind of weird. and then i said oh uh just was saying you're cute. don't want to. be weird and then she was like or uh you know. and then i don't know and just end. it dude she was like [ __ ] you [ __ ] get out of here dude when guys tell stories and they're got really good specific details yeah and then there's a part where they're like it's so wishywashy and mushy what do you what's the thing that happened they either [ __ ] up they still do it though then when they repeat it they're like it was like this and you're like yeah yeah or they got their ass handed to. them their brains are like. they can't do it yeah. uh so yeah the girl obviously threw the drink. in his face and even if that happened. honestly it's fine whatever. god i wish we could like watch. a video of yes that would oh that's so free. yeah my mind doesn't even. go there because i i feel heartbroken that we can't so i mean. that's just bruh you. want that so bad i want. it so bad i didn't even think of it. and now you broke. my heart thank you marco. thanks chris hey you broke. you legitimately broke my heart. by breaking that up you're welcome. i didn't even go there. thanks for uh i would could you imagine. getting to see that could. you imagine why are you. laughing it would be so upsetting. it would be the best. it would be the best. what if it was a bad. angle though how upsetting. would that be i would get so mad. i quit the podcast and and congratulations. i would kill just for audio. of what happened yeah for sure. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you're [ __ ] weird dude. get out no i was just saying you're cute. get out take the food. and you're for it's free. go also i really wonder what he said. actually because he did why. would you get mad at that. i thought she missed. it um yeah no you gotta what. do you you gotta x here's the thing. for guys just like yeah if you're gonna compliment. a woman that you don't. know that's a stranger it's you're basically coming. at it like well it's fair. game i can say what i want. you got to accept. the responses that you get too. if it's a negative one. then that's that's it that's it. yeah yeah but you got to. just let it go it's done. that she's allowed. to do that all right. yeah that's fine but it's like why. can't you say nice. tits to a girl honestly it's kind of weird. because it's overtly sexualizing. i know women don't want strangers. to come up today why are you asking if you know. i'm just saying if if somebody came up. to me and said well. you look like you got a healthy. package but i wouldn't necessarily be bothered about that. but that's because of society no. it's because that kind of thing. doesn't happen to men ever. so you don't have to. worry about what the person. is thinking is exactly right. oops questions and while i'm answering. you're talking over every single word. that i say but i know. that and i'm just saying that. that you shouldn't do that. so you're asking questions but if you say bad. tits that's even worse. yeah that would be worse. yeah or if somebody came up. to you and said you look like you got a small dick. i mean that would be that. would actually be hilarious. oh man how funny would that be yeah. that'd be really good. really good sir. let's see if it's small penis. yeah anyway excuse me are you in line. people say you got small dick. energy you know yeah i know but that's way. different and it looks like you have a small penis. not strangers though dude. right uh thomas who that's that guy's name. who okay we need we we want. more specifics honestly and when you submit. it say exactly what happened. yeah what did she do. don't tiptoe around it say exactly. what happened excruciating detail. yeah excruciating for you details. yeah for you okay. so shooting for you and thanks. supremely pleasurable for us. yeah thank you and congratulations. on looking like you have a face. that somebody would be in lord. of the rings or the hobbit. so i mean he does. too it's unbelievable because he's small looking. at me no just his face. with the beard and the color. of his hair you know okay. okay it's [ __ ] frankly goddamn annoying. cool dies in the first one. cool hey guys it's michaela from san diego. um i recently discovered. your podcast because i was like typing into. spotify like life advice what do. i do with my life. and it came up and i'm so happy. it did because you guys. make me laugh so hard. i might have six pack from things. that you've said so well that's the coolest. thing around and i want advice. on basically my life i feel so fulfilled i have. a dream job i you know. i do a bunch of cool. hobbies give back all that. stuff has a really good community. but i still find myself. thinking all the timeless but what is it. all for like why are we here. and so i guess am i yeah. if you have any advice on not thinking so existentially all the time. that'd be awesome. and also i'm looking for my partner. in time so if you know. of any like openminded natureloving goofballs a submission. that said that uh yeah but we guarantee. you guys nature lovings we're going. to get a lot of guys. writing to. us on instagram being like i'm this. can you put me in touch. with her um that i mean. honestly i think that we're would be perfect together. i'm a funloving goofball yeah. um okay gamer it's gamerville honestly. yeah heartbeat dude has been dead for 700 years um i i suffer sort of from the same thing. or have historically in my life. me and honestly like a reading and certain specific kinds of books. have like quelled like that kind of anxiety. and andromeda strain yeah or anything. about younger no congo. yeah uh congo for me. was a big one uh michael crichton no. um like particularly on the subject. of evolutionary biology jurassic park. because once i start to. understand why my brain works. the way it does why. i think existently why on this. or that or anxious. or whatever it is and i get i can. get like biological answers it calms. that those parts of my brain. down wow it seems like it. would make me way. more anxious oh really that's like i think so well no because once you get answers. you're like you're not you're like oh wait. my mind's doing that. because i guess so millions of years. of evolution we all live in a matrix. then you start thinking about that. and you're like oh [ __ ] you know what i mean. well that only happens if you're a [ __ ] idiot if i'm not an idiot and i don't do that. but i'm just saying you could okay. well only idiots are like oh oh we live in the matrix do you know. what i mean i do i think that we're not. in the matrix but we could be what. do you mean by the matrix. though we're not really living this. life and it's a simulation and we're all in incubators and stuff. and we're plugged in okay. that's what you mean. sure that's possible. we could be all living. in a simulation but if you mean the matrix the movie. no no i don't mean that. because i yeah i don't mean that. because i met lawrence he's not morpheus. where's fishburne is a king among men. he was cowboy curtis in peewee. herman oh he was playhouse and it's the coolest. thing ever that he was that. and he lied about. his age to. francis ford coppola to. be able to. get into the apocalypse now and he has a huge role. in that movie illegally he was 16. when he did it dude. isn't that crazy what a [ __ ] cool. thing you can do that. i guess yeah dude. there's footage of him. like at the table reads. and stuff he's so obviously a kid. but he successfully lied it got the role and is amazing in it and and then he did the major he's done so many [ __ ] cool things i know i didn't even know he was i know you're listening you love this show and i just want you to. know we love you. back okay uh yeah yeah but what about you. for the for the uh i think that that'll probably go. away a little bit with age. she seems like she's in her. early 20s and you know she's got she's got a lot of living to. do and uh i mean that's just like what. is it all for is. like that's kind of like a you don't the the to. even think that is egotistical. because it's like what is it. all for like you like you know. like you know enough about what's going. on that you get to. think oh what's the grander purpose. like you might figure it out. you won't you won't but yeah sure if she's being very egotistical. you need to. be taken down a notch. wow wow uh but that's not necessarily what she means i if if that is what you mean. yeah sure but i don't think she's like what's the meaning. of okay what's my purpose. here on earth oh okay. you don't all right i got it. i thought i heard it. as more of a broader question. like what is all. this what's going on around. us why is are things the way. that they are it's you'll. never know did i remember the very first time. i looked into the sky. and realized the epicness of space. not time and i it was it. wasn't my first true. anxiety attack but it was like the beginning. of me being on the way. to getting anxiety yes. not me i was with nick. marquand shout out to. nick marquan oh boy nick. and we were at a lookout. we weren't being gay. but it was just us. so far sounds gay we were just kids. we were drinking beer looking. up at the sky and i'm telling nick. like and then i'm starting. to feel like so overwhelmed and he was like yeah. me too kiss me. and then we made out and swore we would never talk. about it again and i didn't believe him. so i threw him off. the cliff and killed him. wait but oh wow okay. well i guess i haven't seen him. in a long time. yep of course when he would root for the raiders. oh come on readers yeah okay. and he had a dog. named me he had a dog. did you just fart well. me shaggy you chris just farted. no or me how do you know. donald trump uh yeah. he had a dog named rocky. he loved the raiders. [music] it was cool he was the man. dude he had a ned flanders. like mustang he was never playing. one time years later. i saw him without the mustache. and i was like this. is not working were things. not going for him i don't want to. look at you what do. you mean this is like shaved. this is the gum man. no it's like a white liberators or aren't even. they're not even with us anymore. yeah he they're oakland he was at a wedding. and he just looks it. was like you're not you get the mustache. back we'll talk wow my friend's dad. will talk my friends. dads it when i was in. high school honestly every single goddamn. one of them yeah if they walked in a room. yeah and said hi yeah i'm one. of your friends in high school's. dad which one am i okay. i would have no idea i'd have never seen. my friend's dads in. high school well really because they would be home. once or twice no. i don't know like you have i remember your friend's. dad oh i see i don't remember my friend's. dad's dude i don't have. a clue who they are. you had a really weird. i did assembly of friends. like morgan daisaki yeah but also even the regular ones. i wouldn't know their [ __ ] faces their dad's dave. meeting who what's his dad. look like i don't know josh. oakley what's his dad look. like i don't know they're your friends. you should that's what i'm saying. yeah yeah hi i'm one. of your friend's dad. from high school what am i who am i i go. like this uh and run away. well lucky for you that's never gonna happen. yeah it comes up. to you and he's like dave. meaning he's dead you were friends. with my son in high school. i'm their dad who am i where's game. show you know no one does that. uh josh er oh four. people in the audience is all his family. oh all right um no he died. a long time ago. oh okay this is the saddest game. show it's also six minutes you know. it's how i couldn't be more than two one. or two episodes you know you would need like 30. like 12 dads to. fill a hole and that would be one shot yeah. and then and then i would not have any more. morgan dozaki's dad oh i would know him. he's japanese that's morgan. dozaki's dad right. do you know what he looked. like no but i would say i don't have. one japanese sure yeah yeah. okay okay anyway that's cheating but yeah not really i'm very eclectic with my friends. all right next one what's up. matt what's up chris um i'm a newlywed i've been married. for a month now congrats and um so pretty much i do all the cooking. which is fine because i've grown up. cooking and i'm a little bit better. about it and it's kind of what. i do but my wife will almost. uh maybe once a week twice. a week she'll have these pinterest. recipes and she insists on trying them wow and um they're awful and um how do you navigate telling her hey i appreciate this meal that you just spent an hour cooking but now i need to. go to uh taco bell. to eat something for dinner. because that was awful. so yeah let me start. not saying that how i should handle. this i wish you said um appreciate it. if you guys end up hit to. it died died appreciate it. if you guys end up we say if you guys end up oh my god. uh honey i made chicken. parma so you're kind of you're kind of in a bad. situation my friend it's actually man. i gotta tell you something. i i i've never really thought about this. because kristen is she cooks i wish you cooked. more she's great but you you gotta like that's got to. be horrible because they're doing something so beautiful and so nice i mean. that's awesome if you have somebody in your home that. cooks for you whether or not. whoever it is that's awesome. homecooked meals are the [ __ ] of course. you know um and and if she's doing it. look he likes to. cook and all that but like he gets two nights off because she's gonna do the pinch of [ __ ] and then they're just dog [ __ ] how are you that bad if you're following the recipes yeah that is pretty weird it sounds like he could be a little bit like why don't you cook. yeah yeah oh yeah yeah that's a great. advice t helper do it. and also you'll be like you'll get points. for being like someone who helps your partner. everyone wants helps cooking. dude you know what here's the deal. this is great she wants to. be a take care she wants to. take care of you. or the family whatever. it is dude you come in you. help her she's gonna feel so connected. to you you're not even. gonna get the meal made because you're gonna end. up making love oh my god yep. put a little bit of spices. in there and i'm not there. so start uh what was that. putting all the stuff away. a mime just a mime. clothes in the oven and turning. it off and okay okay well uh oh and then in the bed. later oh man too bad we missed. out on cooking things oh let's get taco bell but i want you got and it might be hard. to handle montage eating taco bell. and the flame burns. a candle no no no. and then candle feeds a flame oh. god [ __ ] talk about this oh yeah we're making our dreams. you know i guess i know wow. yeah i mean taco bell. dude you're gross. i don't trust your tasting. food anymore i don't i question. everything this guy said now you want to. go to taco bell almost any sure any homecooked meal. is better than taco bell. i'm just gonna go out on a limb. the mexican pizza there. is a oneway ticket to. diorissimo okay all right man. you know oneway ticket to. diarrhea here's the deal it's not. this show really shaped up. to be a good show. i mean yeah but um it's just so but i mean. you better use the when you do. the clip anthony when you better. when you do the thing where it's like hey this. happens in on the episode you. better do the [ __ ] taco bell thing because that's the thing that'll really grab people's attention. and then we start getting boring. and then we get back into. it i don't know if i agree okay just if i saw like a teaser. of someone just like pretending this [ __ ] really aggressively i might not keep watching you know you're acting like it's like a mega surefire. way to get eyeballs. you know i'm just saying what's the one. thing people love more than anything. people acting like they're aggressively [ __ ] the trailer to. quiz show that [ __ ] that movie. you know oh man. quiz show's a. good movie thanks for bringing. it up man i didn't i didn't see. it i i saw it. a long time ago. in the theater what i saw. with you yep yeah and mom and dad. loved it they really did. yeah and i loved it. too now we're back. to boring okay let's go. hey matt hey chris halen. here i need some advice. i'm currently moving out of my rental. right now and buying my first house. oh yeah dude super nervous and exciting. yeah um what uh my question. is we are planning on painting. the exterior of the house so would you guys recommend doing it yourself. or hiring someone i know it. can cost a lot to. have someone come do it yeah. but at the same time. doing it yourself is gonna be a pain. what do you guys. think thank you i actually. interestingly enough just looked into. what it costs to. potentially paint a house. yeah i was gonna say. my house but i didn't want people to. know i have a house. but now they do okay. uh and it's so expensive. but yeah the paint a house. is so the outside of it. well yeah okay yeah i mean have you looked at have you. ever no i like all the colors of my. house okay well says so much money but then if you think about it. you're like i guess of course it. has to be yes but it's really. expensive so unless your house. looks like [ __ ] he wants to. paint it right you want to. paint it dude. should i do it himself. he says i mean that's i don't think leave. it you know what dude. honestly leave it for a few. years until you're freaking balled and then hire. the guys but maybe i mean. he bought a house. he's gonna have some money. he bought a house. yeah some kids how much is it. to paint a house. hire some that's a good idea. how much is it. that is a good idea. why is there ever been. kg about how much of it. why because what'd you. say i said that's a terrible. idea why are kids yeah. i don't mean eightyearolds kids. yeah how do i do it. some high school kids they only paint. a they only paint up. to the bot like five. feet up tell them. to watch some youtube. videos yeah about technique and then [ __ ] oh hold. on hold on. all you need to. do is watch karate kid. first of all second of all how much does. it cost to. paint a house why is everybody. being so good depends in the house. obviously okay 25 grand what exactly. yeah i know it's crazy. holy [ __ ] yeah it's crazy but then start to. think about it then it's like okay. it's a lot of work many. hours a lot of people just to. color though what color is his house. is what i wanna oh it's just run. down he's saying yeah it doesn't matter. what color the color. isn't what costs money if you want. a pink that'll be 35 grand if you want it. white that's just eight. grand no that's not how it works. i know that you didn't. know you didn't know that. until i said so what i'm saying. is i thought that it. was a bad color. and he wanted to. repaint it but in actuality it. just needs another paint job. yeah if it's a bad color. just keep it if it is falling. apart it's depressing and you need to. fix it no matter what it. comes true you can have something. at your home or or in. your home or on your property. just be straight up depressing. and if a paint job is is shitty and [ __ ] up and worn you you got to. fix it it doesn't matter. it doesn't matter what it. costs you gotta do interesting. so i would say save your if you paint. it you're probably gonna have it. have it painted in the next year. or two anyway because you're not going to. do a great job. unless you are a painter which obviously you're not otherwise. you wouldn't be asking this. question you might just do it. a house major so get it. hire someone and get it done. yeah just yeah because honestly part. of the cost of the house. hire someone and get it done. or just don't do it. yes yeah i agree don't [ __ ] hire anthony kids or whatever the [ __ ] anthony kids do not hire anthony kids no marco. said i don't know who said it. but i said and i agree. with that that's terrible that. you're just gonna redo it. it's gonna look bad it's gonna look bad. if they do it too though. what do you mean. if they themselves do it yeah yeah that too yeah yeah yeah just just hire someone that's the cost. of the house i like that. think of it like yeah. lump it in with the cost. the down payment it's the cost. house check out these dude it's also doing business hey those are good i never like you like these yeah you always like my shoes. the colorway is amazing. yeah well you like these the gray. and the pink is always going. to be a good thing. for me all right would you say that's pink. that is pink yeah i looked at it. more like a beige thing but okay. i guess you're right beige that's pink. okay what what i mean am i crazy. no you're not crazy i'm agreeing. with you oh okay beige though. it's like saying like it could also be it looks a little no. no no it looks a little muted. pink but yeah i love muted. muted pink is the way to. go though all right hot. pink kind of sucks barbie. bombed all right next one. yo what's good chris and matt. you know sundays used to. just be sundays but now they [ __ ] rip dude. okay so anyway a guy i work with showed up. to work a few months. ago maybe like six months. ago extremely religious over a weekend. you know and ever since then he's been telling me. oh dude you're gonna go to. hell and i feel really. bad because i don't want that. to happen to. you and i'm gonna hope that you get saved. because i don't want you to. go to hell and he says this. like every day oh god what the [ __ ] do i say i need something better than ah yeah. no no that's real i need something. good so let me know. dude how annoying is it. that these people go through their [ __ ] and then real and then think something and then they bother. you about it all the time. and now you have to. deal with it because they did something and changed their minds. dude that is so maddening hey man. you did this you deal. with it i don't want to. [ __ ] think about this congratulations for your good time stop talking about i'm not go [ __ ] yourself that's so annoying. here's the problem the root of the problem. is that a lot of well. religion i was gonna say christianity. a lot of branches of christianity but a lot. of religions in general. consider it their soul purpose. while they're living on earth. to spread word and convert. people that's why judaism in an objective. way is the best religion. they're not doing that at all. it doesn't say anywhere in their text. nor do the peop the people who are jewish. try to get that's right. there's only 14 million of them. i mean that's one. reason they don't evangelize i know but that's what the best thing. about it i know. it's an elite club. dude we can't get into. they well you can they just don't get into. it they aren't on the streets. like this [ __ ] you could walk around and be like uh hello where is the jewish. center they don't want you to. go to hell you know. they won't give it to. you you could have matzah. you get everything but i swear i'm jewish. and they're like what was your mom. she was christian all right. well you're not jewish no. you can be you can be jewish. can't get in you can be jewish. always if you just convert. to judas yeah convert. yeah you're just wrong i know. but you know what uh just tell the guy. here do say like man. i really want to. save you you should be christian do. that just this was you man. really i don't want you to. go to hell i don't. want to see that happen. to you i care about you. so i want you to. be christian uh okay i'm christian. okay great i i did. it thank you thanks. man yeah done yeah. that's good yeah yeah. also you don't have to. worry about lying well. because you're not you don't believe. in having our health the thing. you have to. be careful of is that. then he probably will want to. talk to you about all. then at least but no that's not fun. he doesn't want to. talk you can make it a thing. for yourself though you're like oh man. it's an awesome oh god. you know they die. for all our sins oh. yeah dude that was so cool. that's crazy man if you really read. into it you can read a whole bunch. of stuff and it just learned. so much but what you could. also say is listen. the amount that you want. me to be christian. is the amount i want you. to stop telling me to. be christian so what are we going. to do here what we're going. to do here is you're going. to stop or else i'm gonna [ __ ] kill you okay well that's my advice. to you all right. that's what he said yeah. as he's being choked all. right hey chris and matt. big fans especially you chris you're my boy. stand up of all your stuff. dude matt you're cool. too again i don't. accept it basically i've got a sitch. with my girlfriend um turns out she likes girls. and i'm super supportive obviously and i'm proud that she came out and told me. about it but it hurt. because i felt like i was doing something. wrong but after some talking we realized no it's just something. that obviously she can't help. and nothing really sort of woke. that up in her that's just how she is. i love her the same. i actually though want your guys. advice on am i an [ __ ] if i want to. still try to make it. work with her what because she's kind of my everything. and i can't really imagine life. without her um do you think there's a way. we could stay together. even though now i know that she likes girls. it's a tough one and if you guys. think i should just break. up too let me. know anyways love the show so much. keep rocking it you. guys are awesome what's tough about. that does she still love. you dude this is the greatest. thing that's ever happened to. this guy what the [ __ ] was that oh that's a hero. but no but like what is the well. he's saying i don't love you. i only i'm sure that's different. then obviously you shouldn't be with her. if she's like a [ __ ] idiot well she's gonna break up with you but also if she's saying i also like women but i my feelings for you haven't. changed then obviously you stay. with her you [ __ ] idiot now. why am i being so hard. on you because you said you threw me. some [ __ ] scraps at the top. you're like oh man. i like you too it. was really just about [ __ ] chris so i'm gonna treat you with the amount. of shittiness you treated me. you're a [ __ ] idiot either way now go ahead um so so overboard. um said you're pretty cool. you know like yeah that's not the opposite. of you saying don't don't throw me. some [ __ ] scraps okay. so yeah she likes girls. so what so what it. doesn't mean she doesn't want to. be with you if she doesn't want to. be with you then she'll break up. with you don't worry about breaking. up with her yeah dude. what are you talking about. second of all third of all. whatever i'm at dude. uh does she want to. have fun with other girls. and you right blind. blind absolutely completely blind. hey dude i'm sorry but yeah i mean this. guy's calling with without a problem. yeah dude hey dude i don't know. what's going on man. i got so much [ __ ] it's crazy. uh it's just falling. out of my [ __ ] pockets and [ __ ] i don't know how to. do it i'm trying to. collect it but do you have any containers. uh what containers i should use. i should go to. the container store but i don't understand. what's going on i got too. much [ __ ] around i keep coming i keep [ __ ] and uh i make so much money what's up dude beanie dump what's up. what's up that's dumb. but the last the assembly line. of people just sitting with naked and waiting to. have sex with them they could say dude. it would be so actually hectic if that was your thing. now what is he saying. if we had to. guess what are you talking. about guy uh he is saying he doesn't understand. what what it's like he's like he doesn't get it. you know what he it. is he doesn't he don't got it. like that right so you're good there's what you go. oh hey i'm dating a girl. for a while oh hey guess what hey hey i like girls. i go like this cool. mommy who cares you're leaving. me no cool mommy you like girls. me too but guess what i'm with you. yeah that's exactly the way. to think about it. like you want to. introduce yourself so do i i'm only with one. can you only be with one. yep great nothing changed we're inviting. everybody over for the nothing change. wow status quo exactly. status quo nothing changed at. all wow yeah taking it so far. the poppers you know popper. popper sock ploppers one i know because they don't go for yeah and they go they go like this. dude how about what you just did. for some reason reminded me of gender reveal. parties yeah well i hate him. they had me do one. on cameo hate him the. drive by hate him hate him. they had him they had they come back. to make sure you they know. i hit him i did. a uh i did a gender reveal. for on cameo it's pretty. cool what was cool about. it well i just i felt honored that they asked. me to reveal. there i was revealing it. for their party that's cool. but gender reveal parties no. no i know i know i know yeah. because like also there's always the every time. i see one not every time. but like every three or four. there's always one parent. that's upset about the gender and it's like well don't do it. if you're rooting for one. yeah you got to. be excited about it. either way uh also gives [ __ ] i i i i i don't i don't know gives a [ __ ] dude what about the gender of your social you care but like you once you know you love the baby. anyway yeah you're like oh no. no no i i was honestly. if it was going to. be a either one if they're gonna be a girl i would justice happen. like i can't imagine being like once. you know and then it becomes real. for you because once you know. it becomes real for you. right like you're like oh hey it's gonna be a boy oh it's gonna be a girl then you think the next thought is oh my god i'm gonna love. that boy girl whatever it is. so much it's not no i wanted. a boy i can't that i can't wrap. my head right you know i know people do that. he is that who gonna rule. the bleep kingdom. so um yeah it's a election. um yeah but i i can't believe that. people do that but they do. it's funny that gender reveal. the rise of gender reveal. parties has coincided with also the belief. that gender is a construct and not a real. thing well that's it's like why. right it's just funny. though it's like yeah those both can't be true. what's happening here yeah i know. what's going on here. what's going on uh should we try. to do one more or no. [music] korean company hello hello um let him. from jump since like the rest of justin bieber. was that you're taping a fan. on fire in vancouver. i really saw you in seattle. in february not you're the one. period of the story anyway what i would love your guys's. help with is the fact. that i have a friend. who's constantly meeting the love. of her life like she will meet a guy. and within a matter of weeks. be like he is the one. we're getting married this is my soulmate. and then when it inevitably doesn't work out. um they're picking up the pieces. with her and working through. what that looks like talking. to her everyday consoling her. and then in a matter of weeks. after that she'll meet someone. and go on one. date and be like you're not gonna believe this. but i believe it we're getting married. and i'm not being hyperbolic this. is seriously how she responds to. every single man and it's up. and down and up and down and i love her. and i want to. be supportive but i'm tired of taking this. ride with her so what do. you guys think i should do. i fully understand what's going. on here oh oh no. i fully like can relate to. her experience of what's going. on oh i know people like this. it is so so frustrating. and annoying and you ha you have to. they might not make a difference. because they're probably still gonna do. it yeah but you have to. say sort of like not aggressively but emphatically you say this. about everyone and then when it inevitably which it of course. it is inevitable it inevitably becomes not true. reveals itself to be not true. and you set yourself up. to be super upset. and you're doing that for a very avoidable. reason you need to. stop projecting the future that you desire. on every single partner. you meet because it's probably just by way. of regular how things always work. out with people it's probably not going to. work out with that one. guy take it slow avoid. pain that you're basically directly causing. yourself yeah stop doing that. to yourself preach okay. yeah i don't do that. but i'm done uh i feel like that's horseshit. honestly no no what you said. is dead right let's preach. you gotta stop it's like dude. honestly at some point well obviously. you loved a friend and this is just one of the shortcomings. and it's not like a make or break. thing but yeah you gotta just be like yo. you do this all the time. you know and please stop doing it. because i i'm wasting we're wasting a bunch. of time here yeah that's good. too and also she she's got a lot. of problems she should go. to therapy she got a lot. of problems like she got like a real [ __ ] like she's codependent. probably and you know. what i mean if that's how it is. when you meet somebody and it's how do you like that. many people by the way i know that's the craziest i know. i know i know i know like i don't i meet people that go. like this show me you don't suck. oh like that's the default. right like nah i'm actually not like that. that someone's worth your time. right not like in a dick. way but like you don't just like why. don't you tell her hey you're worth. more than this [ __ ] like don't you don't need to. fall in love with all these guys. you're better than that i believe in you. and you may not because deep down. you know you're you're looking for a man. so hard and also her energy. tell her that her energy. that she's giving off to. you is definitely the energy. that the guy's feeling and that's what's chasing him. away yeah yeah she got to. take a deep breath know. that love will come but it's not. whitney houston it's not like every new guy. you meet you got to. stop projecting your fantasy onto. him like let that come to. you and it's okay if you meet a guy and it isn't your fantasy. and it isn't great. in fact that's much more likely. so why not in the beginning. tell yourself that remind yourself. of that and let yourself not. be so devastated if it doesn't work out yeah. yeah you know what the problem. with people like this is and i'm just warning you. there are a lot of people like this. they don't whether they realize it. or not they don't want to. change they want to. the drama to be high they want. the stakes to. be high right they want the high of oh i met. the love of my life. and they want the low of the love. of my life ruined everything. for me and you're never going. to change them i'm not saying. that is what your friend is. but don't like you're gonna have to. say something and when you do and you don't see. anything materialized you don't see your friend. change at all don't be disappointed. and definitely don't be surprised. it's very likely that they're doing. it because somewhere deep inside them. they want to. addicted to the drama. yeah to part yep. thanks for that okay. uh yeah there you go. and i appreciate y'all i'll be. in vancouver next year so be on the lookout. great even though you're the summer. in seattle um all right. well that's good listen you want. to go to lifeline luxury. and watch our uh show. lifeline luxury go to. patreon dot com life lifeline luxury. i'm on tour i will. be in uh virginia richmond richmond virginia. and uh a bunch of different. places pittsburgh reading um philadelphia go to. cleveland detroit chrisley dot com. and then uh you know. uh what else we got going. on you leave a comment please. that's good for the algorithm. and then go to. watch lifeline dot com to. click in and do send us a submission. we love that and if you want. oneonone advice sessions with matt. right here go to. matdalia dot com you zoom. with them and hit that merch. button lifelinemirch dot com thank yous. very much get every item. of the merch or i don't love. you [music] 