 runk hello hello hello hello hello hey i'm going. to be in toronto. and bismar hey i'm going. to be in maau texas hey i'm going. to be in balmont texas hey i'm going. to be in a bunch of different. places oxnard california hey hey hey he's going to. be everywhere go to. chris lea dot com got a lot. of great ones you know. got a lot of great. ones coming up got a little bit of a face. rash my hair on one. side of my head's. way longer than the other side. just realized it pissing me. off well why don't you oh being mallen. and peter boro ontario why don't you um why don't you. oh yeah it is longer. huh yeah like this. side look why don't know. just realized it didn't like it. didn't want it just happened. so it's been like that. though i guess so unless one side of my head. is growing longer. but faster that that's not happening. obviously yeah no doesn't happen. um there was one other thing i forgot. that's physically bothering me but you know. what there's so many maladies going. on i can't like little ones. that i don't even remember what it. was oh wow really yeah that's right. takes a magic mine. um all right so and i'm going. to be in duth minnesota. just go to chris dot com. get tickets but listen. okay we can get out. of that lexington kentucky um get our patreon. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. yay you know uh send this wow i mean. ken send this that let let me tell you this. man if you're watching this. mataz on a if you're if you're listening. to this matt has on a blue. cowboy hat that's too small. way too small that hat. looks like it tastes. st like something like it's candy. yeah it it is a te. that that look right. there mhm it's up there. for worst look of all. time let's see the side. of it though is out of control. you're not going to. be able to. see like that's what videoos. for true so uh it's a terrible. uh you know it's just terrible. that happening honestly that. that's placed on your head. i brought a few hats. so man many hats. we'll be in a rotation. but yeah get our patreon. it's it's uh as our mom. would say d bomb. uh patreon dot com lifeline. luxury we got one live up. there we got more lives coming up. later in the year they'll be on there. exclusively on there also we do two. oh no three a month. and uh it's just really good. it's what's up and if you like this. show you're going to. love that show thank you. stop what you're doing subscribe to. my solo podcast the private. record and chris asked a question you know what and what is it i don't know if like do does that work like like if i say hey well i guess it does i sell tickets that way if i'm like i'm in duth minnesota. go go you know go get tickets. then and you' be like go. check out my podcast. people would check out the podcast. i always feel like it's hard. to promote of course it. is yeah okay but no one. will know about a thing unless you say it. that is very true. but um so yeah and get the merch. we got new merch. coming actually i just sent. oh it looks really good. so we got it soon. um i am the most i am so tired. i'm not going to. say the most tired i've ever been. cuz there's no way. you were here when i when i got here already. and you had your legs up. on the table spread. wide open could see your balls. basically with the legs wide. open from the window to. chris's ball got to. bleep it okay so uh you can't. say balls dude what are you. talking about you can if you're talking about. baseballs basketballs but not hairy balls anyway uh who's harry balls and uh uh you were sleeping basically what i was the reason i said it had your eyes closed i had a nice uh you what would you call it a nice uhp angled position and i i there was a i i i could fall asleep so quickly right now but i'm not going to. but i was in that angled position. and i and there a few moments. where i go oh i was out. for a second right there. that's great yeah i uh haven't been sleeping. you know that yeah um and i finally slept. last night oh did you oh good. so you feel good you look. like way better than i have in the last. few days that's great. so let me ask you a question. wait was it last night. tonight you said that. oh no that wasn't that. that was to. that was the night before. so i got no sleep. i got uh not that much. sleep because it's calvin's. first day of school today yeah oh i knew he was at school i didn't know it was very first day those pictures were the first day of school w oh it's unbelievable how it makes me feel hi. how you doing okay. i think you got that. in reverse but okay. uh why don't you tell us. d it is it's just so much. and it's so full and uh i he's excited to. go and i wake up. with him i woke up at 6:40 he was just awake. already i don't know he's excited to. go to school. yeah oh good we get in the car. we we get there he's excited and then i go. to leave him there. and he's like cries a little bit. oh of course and i'm like it's okay. buddy go go go you know i mean. know with kristen too and she's really good. at that stuff really good. at that stuff she's like yeah. i got to let them. figure out themselves i wish i was better. at it but oh dude. yeah um and uh like just put billy on like a kayak. and give him an ore and be like go. ahead on a lake we'll figure it out. uh and so but like i i'm like looking through. the window and i see. him crying and i see him. see me and he's like oh no. you know yeah and i go and i'm like nah. buddy you got it could got it. you know and then chris's like well don't be there. it's going to. be worse and i'm like that's true. she's absolutely right is she though. because let me tell you something. though when i was a kid. that's not worse to. me it's not worse to. not to okay bye then. your dad mom leaves. you don't see them ever again. that's worse to me. than oh the right out the window. for a little bit okay. oh yeah well no i think i think what i meant. was it's worse for you. but you might be right. about that oh oh it's oh it's worse. for me yeah that's what i meant. right but i guess i guess i it's better. for calvin to see you say. bye it's going to. be okay yeah so um anyway i did that. and uh i got you know. like four hours of sleep. and man but it was so it's so cute. and he gets she's actually going to. pick him up right now um she's waiting for i'll keep you updated. she said just got to. school and park i'll keep you updated. um picking him up and i'm so upset. that i'm not there picking him. up but i'm gonna i'm going. to pick him up tomorrow. so it'll be all right. i know no i know i know i know. he oh it's awesome. dude we took a splinter out of of his foot the other day and he was like uh he was like i want dad. to do it you know. and i was like oh that feels so good. that he trust me. with that i couldn't get it. out mom got it out. but um anyway my i'm 44 dude. my eyesight finally is okay. i got to hold. it a little bit further. back really yep what is that i never understand. i still don't i'm sure i'll experi everyone. told me it happens. in your early 40s early. 40s early 40s early 40s. i was like really did. not happen to me. till 44 which is kind of early. 40s but arguably mid 40s so i'm like okay. you know i'm happy i made it that. far i wonder if that'll happen. to me i'm just really young. so matter how old i am. i'm crazy young right. so you know but it'll happen. in next year or two. no if it happens. at 44 it'll happen in like you know. 44 years for me. no no no anyway um your hat looks terrible. but we um i try a new one. we uh are so i'm i'm in fullon dad. mode it's it's wild. man it's really sweet. that's oh what about this. one this one fits better. for way it fits better. for the reason that it fit it's better. it is better but it is. worse but what about. this oh really i got to. tell the bl blue one's worse. the blue one's worse. i like the i like the vibe of the blue. hat better but this one fits and feels way. better it's all bad and i can go. like this won't fall off has a strap the number. one is the fit you know. getting a bucky and i can and i can ride. my horse and it. won't fall off i mean everything's gay. about this uh so yeah i'm so dizzy. after doing that well you know. you know what i noticed when i as i've gotten a little older. even though i'm really young. still is that i i get dizzy. so much quicker than i used. to like two spins. and i'm like i got to. sit down i used to. be able to. i found that out when i told my kids. about uh spinning i just twirling around. they go they start twirling you're dizzy. huh yeah yeah this is what. you do and i go wait. a minute oh yeah y actually i can't. do that wow yeah and you you yeah. dizzy so much quicker. what's with that i don't. know man that's a weird one. it is weird that's a really weird. one what else is a hidden. thing about getting older. that nobody talks about ah you get less horny. oh nothing could be more. true dude apparently that's not it's the opposite. for women women get more horny. from 18 to uh whatever their middle age. yeah and men obviously get less. horny dude i'm like you. know what they call me. is mr never horny. now oh yeah who is well. it started with my mom called. me that uh and then my doctor and then uh that's too bad. some other people street. some of my neighbors called. me hey it's mr. never horny look hey. sweetie sweetie say hi mr never horny. hi but dude i'm mr. just that's a good title. for the episode eh nah it's a terrible. title come it's a great. title but it's not. going to we can't. do it uh that'll be click. but i will say um why. is youtube all like like religious. now with the things you can't. you know what's weird is. that it used to. it used to. be this it used to. it's just once money gets involved. everything gets [ __ ] up man it's true man what isn't that is there inevitably inevitably going to. be a new youtube. and where is that well. that's like saying is there. going to be a new network. you know uh like network tv. network like not not actual in individual. network like there's always new networks but there was though it was it was streaming platforms. i know but that but that's and then those became too. big and then like tub. came along and everybody loved tub. and now tub is getting too. big where's the next thing. where is the next. what was the thing i said i don't. know what yeah where is the next. you youtube hey some smart. people out there do it. thank you i mean you know. you got a bun to. pick what go ahead there's there there's rumble for one i know but that's that's a politically align it's already a thing. it's too much trying to. be political they're just saying you. can do whatever you want. yeah do it so so then that that that that that makes rightwing. people go like hell yeah. rumble you know right. which is great for that. but like no i agree where the one. that's not political we're going. to set up a rumble. channel that's what we're going to. do well that wasn't where but okay. let's set up a rumble. channel why not i mean you know. i i'm not opposed to. that i just where's the new youtube. at this way we don't have to. ble bleep out this part. we're going to bleep. out for youtube but not not rumble. and from the window um all. right well look this is lifeline. and we having a good time. and i'm really tired because of uh how c i. have a you know my schedule. i'm a comedian and all kristen was. like you know you got to. take kevin to school. sometimes not go like this. oh no you got to. i know no i know i'm gonna but don't tell her. but you'll like it is what i'm saying. i do like it oh no. i got up to. this morning to. do it i know it's only once though. first time yeah but i'll still i'll still want. to do it yeah. but okay all right start. me up hi chris hi. matt uh i'm the girl that wanted to. manifest a 72 degre wedding on july. 6th houston texas and i wanted to. give you guys an update. it actually dropped oo was bug. it actually dropped to. 75 what good for you. but now exactly 72 and i will take it. i still got to. have an wedding beautiful wedding. got to have my fireworks. my llama my miachi oh the whole shebang. and even little troy. houston rapper not exactly 72 i mean cost $9 milli probably because we had a hurricane coming to. houston i thought so the winds of the hurricane. made the temperature drop now did. i manifest a hurricane that. left houston without power for a week. a whole week i hope not. mhm but do people have swamp. pass still with a 7 degree. wedding yeah yes they did it. was an outdoor wedding and they did have swamp. pass so that's myate dude. love you guys love. you too keep manifes. in the weather swampass what day. did she say july. 6 or something yeah. did she had little troy. what it said high of 90. and a low of 84. all right well good for her. you know he's factchecking her like like we give a [ __ ] you know. there's so many little people well we want to. make sure that she's telling the truth. about the weather two months. ago in a city. that we aren't in there. are so many l. people i don't even know. who they all are anymore. well l troy dressed up for the wedding. that's cool who is l. troy dude which one is l. troy oh uh guess the one on the left. oh no there's one on. the right i didn't the one. in the blue is what i would have. guessed yeah no it's left uh little troy and this is very weird i thought about lil troy two days ago and i haven't thought about him in a decade i want to. be a pa sha 20. in r on that's a cool. song i think it's him. right is that him i have no. idea that is him pastor troy. or no no no i'm casor troy. wait what what is l. troy is the is the rapper. you're thinking of and you're mixing. it up with the guy. from face off c. caster troy yeah i want. me anyway his name what's his name troy. dude dude it's easy he's going. to spell it with a c. h r o y little l. i t t l. e he's bro you put in little no oh okay. oh it is little little troy. there is see who's pastor troy. nobody pastor troy tro there is a rapper. named pastor troy no there. isn't that's from face. so they took it from face. off obviously you're saying caster and i'm saying. yeah he's a real guy. yeah there he is wow. that he's from the south there's no way. that one on the left. that's such a dirty south 46. he is a pastor i mean look at the song. titles not a pastor you know. vice versa [ __ ] them wait wait this is my favorite one shark in the water. jaws that's a good title. dude lying about her crib. is good all right. uh make him get that. money are we cutting. uh so it's okay anyway you didn't do. anything i love you. you're such a cool woman. but you didn't do anything. you didn't manifest the hurricane. you didn't manifest good weather you. didn't do anything except get married. imagine that day she was just. like ah i didn't mean. for it to cause a. hurricane look what i've done. i mean this is great. it got down to. 75 but oh god it sucks. i people's houses are underwater. it's like watch what you wish. for watch what you manifest you're not. storm no you're not hey hey hey you're you're not storm you're just a wife. nice right that's really right. yeah all right um all right. let's do a new one. then congratulations on that successful. cool mad chris i need your opinion. on something that has been bugging me. for years now great. and the issue is voice. messaging or voice notes glad you brought this. up i use whatsapp which as many. other apps has the option of sending voice. clips uh voice nodes i understand. when you're busy or you. can't type and it is easier. um however 30 seconds i understand. a quick note uh because you can't type that's fine. now people send one two or more. minute voice w dude. i think it's kind of rude. it is to. the person receiving the message. cuz you clearly don't value the time. um you're going to. be talking away and saying a lot. of filler stuff like of course like you're doing. right now yeah um which just ticks me. i don't need to. stand with my phone in my hand. listening for over a minute. worth of nothing just tick me. um are my nuts is. it are my nuts. on my nuts is this. all on my nuts right. now are my nuts big. um so you did it. while you were doing that. submission and i would like to. point that out now what i would also like to. point out is this when he made his point. finally you went oh as if like to. agree to concur to. to yeah share and his right. it's too long you do. that no no no hold on. a second hold on. a second i i was going. to say this right. after say this right. after it happened i was going. to say right. after this thing i did do it. recently but i i always try. to make sure to. not do that but i did. it recently because you guys. didn't you ask me. yeah you did you asked. me you said i'm going. to need an example or something. whatever i t talked. about it and then he was like what happened. and that's so why it's like all. right i got a voice not there. was no way i could have told that. story in only text there's no way. i i don't like and here's what i did. do when people do voice notes. unless they have to. but here's what i did. here's what i here here's what i did. yeah i broke it up. i did none of them. were over a minute. no that's fine and i appreciate that. what i'm saying though is slightly adjacent to. this but in the same. on the same topic it's i don't like voice. notes i'm texting i might be around. i'm probably around someone right. i don't want them. to have to. hear some [ __ ] or i might not even want. them to hear it. or it might be something. that they don't want to. hear yeah i get that there's too many. options but that yes i understand. i would never voice note. something that was not okay. to play around. somebody though ever no that's crazy. but also uh the worst part. about the voice not say when you're in the car. and then it's like dude. figure it out figure it out. all cars the bluetooth what is that it. what how could that still be a problem. it takes two seconds. or whatever right what is it. yeah and it's like i never hear. the beginning of it yeah. which is arguably the most important. part cuz you can miss the entire everything. of the whole thing thank god. now it writes it out though. a at least a little bit so you can read the beginning. and true yeah the transcription that. does help but cars. figure it out yeah yeah yeah it's such an obvious. problem have it pick up quicker. or have it pause after. it picks up or have. it only start playing the audio. once the connection has been made thank you vote. for me oh my gosh you just sent. me a video of calvin oh my god oh i guess we're going to. oh that's so cute. no you know what and you know. what and and i will you know. what i will say yeah. i'll look i'll i'll do that. and i will think about my kids. i will talk about my kids. i will watch videos. of my kids in the middle. of anything i ever [ __ ] want dude i did i just that. was a short video short. she doesn't love you. that much she if she loved you more. she would and i and i rock. out when i watch those videos like what do you do. that's not really rocking out. i don't think that that's i mean. it's a state of mind. rocking out is a state of mind. what's rocking out like throwing [ __ ] i don't throw [ __ ] yeah you watch it you're just like i don't do that when i watch my kids well but um anyway uh it's um we uh we have uh we moved so we're in a a new place i don't know [ __ ] okay well you gave up on that anyway the guy you are right you are not nuts you are not on my nuts you're not the you are correct that is annoying. yeah it's annoying okay most don't voice. note unless you have to. if you have to. if you this is what i do. if you have to. tell a story because it's going. to be way better or it's just too too. too long then you break. it up minute minute. minute you don't i i got a budd michael mcdonald what. what did i say minute. minute minute why is that you know. what like minute by minute. you don't know that song. probably but not the way you're singing. it yeah you're right. i'm toned up anyway it's the best. song ever so it's all good. really yeah um we could play it. if youtube didn't suck okay. yes no i do like michael mcdonald but uh yeah. uh anyway uh you you can't do i have a buddy. i'll do like a 4 and a half. minute one and i just i don't listen. i don't list too actually it's just boo. from the raptors boo i have a buddy. that sent me one about it. was a story that he had about vince vaugh when he met. vince vaugh you know. how much of a big. fan of vince vaugh i am. i was like i can't wait to. listen to this i saw it. was like 4 minutes i was. like i can't listen to. this damn that's how hardcore i i about the voice. noes that's pretty hardcore. if i'm being honest yeah. um all right yeah well done. next so beau so beautiful. the hair i've actually been on the show. before i was the window. 10 girl um if you remember. that um it was forever. ago and i no longer. work at that job as you can probably. tell by the scrubs that i'm in oh oh nice um anyways. i have a really quick. question and it's been a debate. in my relationship ship with my boyfriend. for over a year now of whether or not chris. actually responds to. youtube comments because i've gotten a couple of likes and responses. from chris and i get so excited. and i'm like look honey like we're friends. i tell them all the time. that we're besties and i've been to. two shows and next time. i'm going to get a vip. i swear to. god because i just want to. like high five you you. know what i mean um iway. um yeah but what's the basically please. tell this debate between my boyfriend. and i because i'm getting so sick. of him being like it's definitely not. him he has a media. team and i'm like no you don't understand. like it's definitely like i can. tell i just know and we're bessie's and it's spine. okay now we're getting scary. anyways sorry matt that doesn't really include you. in the question but you have sick. sick sick hair and um i just appreciate you. guys and i love everything. you do i mean johnny. bravo um johnny [ __ ] bravo being. the person that i am i also an addict in. recovery um i got 18. months um and it's just being able. to giggle and laugh and relate with a lot of the things that you guys share. um makes me feel like more. of a human being and not. crazy sweet i appreciate everything. you guys do um yeah have a great. day what a great. sentiment beautiful thing recovery. congratulations 18 months that's really impressive. um keep going uh that. is 100% him and i know that because it [ __ ] annoys me that he's on his phone a lot okay go ahead no no no it's i think sometimes it's it's it's you guys with the super with the super uh good i i i don't i see comments. on there that i didn't post. if it's from christalia though. you oh oh if it's oh yeah yeah i do sometimes. now this is completely obvious. well no no no because they're both my accounts. because they're both my accounts. but no if it's a no. you know what i i think there. i do reply very rarely to. uh i'll go i'll reply to. a few did she mean. only youtube or also instagram. no she said youtube. she said youtube she did. but i'm assuming she meant. everything oh i'm taking it as youtube. instagram i answer this. do you have a media. team that responds for you. on well their job isn't to. resp respond for me. so i don't i i don't wow. i can't believe hard to. get a [ __ ] answer you yeah he's written back. as as super super good have you. ever written back as crystalia not really i don't i don't think so you guys are being unbelievable. right now it's either it's either yes or no because because well because i'll tell you why. because youtube other people have access to. it because i need to. do things like upload clips. so i think it's pretty much. only me doing it so i think it's pretty. much only me doing it. but i i guess i don't know because i have another guy. who makes the i have another guy who makes the clips. they all upload the things. so you think a guy that makes clips. for you is going in under your name. and saying haha thanks for the cool. comment what the [ __ ] are you talking about well that exists what are you go of talking. about what do you mean. it exists why are you all. being like this you either. do it or don't do. it well no no no you can you can. have both i i do it. i do it and i have a i think it's probably. me i think it's probably me i i if somebody says something nice i'll look at it. and i'll go like oh thanks. very much appreciate you or something. or i'll like it i do like comments. if if you're getting any sort of long thing. it's not i mean it's just it's i'm hacked. but like i i i don't even know. honestly i i know you can comment back. on youtube i don't even. know if you can message somebody on youtube. i've never done that i don't think you. can but maybe i don't know. um so so uh anyway yeah i you know. it's it could be me. it's it's probably it's probably me can't. believe how you guys are all being because i here's why. i said because i have a lot. of people who have access to. my youtube chanel i understand that. i understand that i just don't think any of those. people are posing as you i'm super. good on the channels yeah. super good they do that. yeah of course they do. but that's not even what she's. asking i thought it was because that that that was a chris. that was literally the chryst. leia shadow first so oh now okay okay okay okay okay now i get it. so i you know i i yes i think i think it's probably. me saying thanks a lot. or whatever thanks so much appreciate you congratulations. on 18 months sober. keep keep keep it up. now the question wasn't for me. but i also have people who manag specifically on the private. record i never has anyone else used anything. under my name to. comment even though other people have access to. it i guess you don't know that. though is my point sure. but like i'd be [ __ ] stunned it's like have you know i i don't know. my my point is if my guy who cuts. my clips and uploads my clips. wrote back to somebody thank you so much. that that wouldn't bother. me ivan talking about ian. that wouldn't bother. me no no no not ian that. wouldn't bother me i don't. like that's fine cuz i cuz you know. what cuz thank you for it. i do appreciate it. sure no that yeah okay. um but yeah but it's if you know. i do comment sometimes though yes so it's probably me. you know this is unbelievable. she asked specifically for youtube. she did if it's anything else. like instagram it that's me. right okay okay cool next what's up. matt what's up chris you guys. are both doing well a cartoon character. in 1995 get into. my question here the lead. is why do you have 100. megabytes uh to upload. of video here it's way. too small for these. cameras these days oh change it anyways. wow um my question is why do people say. not going to lie. or if i'm being honest. before sentences even start. uh cuz to. me it's like are you lying. to me every single time. you talk to me. except for this one. time when you say not going to. lie or if i'm being honest. it just drives me nuts. and i want to. see uh what you guys. think about it love. the show keep it up. thanks dude dude somebody just said dude. i thought of this today bro. this i thought of this today mhm. i was talking to. a guy that has the um that has a um his fatherinlaw. is also his boss. okay you get it. yeah so i so i said how is it. working for him how is it. working for your fatherinlaw. i'm not going to. lie but he said you know i'm not going to. lie i love him lying and it's like i expected. him to say i'm not. going to lie. he's a dick as a thing. but as the thing he's you know. or something but he says i love him. it's only only good and i was like oh oh cool. why would you lie. well well here's the thing but that's what he said. i'm not going to. lie i love him now. is it annoying that people say. this yes it's always annoy. to me when people say. i'm not going to. lie before they say but it is a man. it's a figure of speech it's a not going. to but that's even way. more literal than it. usually is it's usually just stressing. how much it's true. i don't say either of those. things but here's what i do. say i say now whenever i talk. it's a truth but here what i'm about. to say is really the truth. this is super truth and then i'll say it. you do do that yeah i'll say i'll say it. and then people go like oh why. don't you just say i'm not going. to lie and i say like because that's not i don't. do that [ __ ] you [ __ ] stupid ass what am i sheep. yeah i jump off a bridge. how do you feel about. the shirt you're wearing it's it's cool. it's good yeah it's it's a kanye. west shirt what does that mean. oh he makes it west made it. just for you just for you. no okay and uh dude. there was a clip i saw on on instagram. of a guy jumping off of a bridge. onto like a party like and and everyone and it was too. high and the guy just didn't know. it was too high wait. wait wait wait i'm i'm sorry. should i not be confused. what did a bridge onto. a party what is this. a dream um i think i was sleeping. no wait for real it was was. a river a big. river a mean what what what nora on. a on a bridge what. onto a party and it. was a river okay i see. i see where you're mixed. up yes okay i see i didn't understand. it was like one of those lake. havu frakin things where everyone. had their boats out guys wear board shorts. with spiky hair yeah and the inner tubes. and [ __ ] all right there we go got the of it so it's too many hat so um so the this guy these two guys were on the bridge. and this guy goes like this. oh and everyone's like h. and then one of the guys gets down. and the other guy goes. over to the front of the bridge. and people like oh no dude. no dude no no and and the guy. just goes huh. and and i maybe he died. you think he died. i don't know it was too. high it was too. high and the guy just man. went yeah it was really [ __ ] up to. see huh so there we go. wow is that nuts that's really nuts. it really is yeah. is it a good story that. i told yeah i think it. could use a little bit more. detail but yeah i didn't have. any more detail it was like a an 8sec clip. when did it cut like when did it end. right after he went in that's the thing. so you don't know what happened. i don't know what happened. there was no sequel. i don't like that i'd love. to see the prequel. when a video is online. and you know the person. recorded longer and the clip. you're watching ends before. what you need to. really see is seen okay. are you saying that there's a thing that that is a style of video. where they cut right. when the joke happens. that's not what i mean. you know who created that. who cre what i created. it what does that mean. i created it i was the first one to. do that on the internet. i would do it all the time. and now people do it. and they think it's theirs. and i created it i don't think anybody thinks it's theirs. okay well they should think it's mine. is what they should think well. maybe but it's they did the crystalia. is what they did right. i did that on vine. i did it so much. and i thought it was so funny. and they took it and ran with it. and hey who doesn't get any. credit for it and it doesn't matter. dude i'm on to. bigger and better things. but still sounds like it. matters to you no it's fine. all right it's great. but do you know what i mean. you made it about you i never do. but i i i you're saying it. just cuts and you don't get to. see the you want to. see of course i hate not just the good part. but like you want to. see the dena yeah yeah i get it. i get it you want to. see how it played out i get it. you want to. see the dena it's like what's another few seconds. just i get it. i get it you do want. to see that but you everybody's too like it's got to. be short it's got to. be short it doesn't have to. be that short i know i know. i know i know people just cutting before. the thing even happens. how about how about this start. it later start it later rather. than cut it too early. start later start as late always start. as late as you possibly. can cuz that's when the story is so ripping. good that it's unbelievable. people like to be like all right. so these two grandparents met in 18. you know what i mean. and then and then they had kids and then they had kids. and then the story is about the the [ __ ] eightyearold and you're like dude. start it when he's eight. yeah yeah anyway dude. yeah i think that guy. died sounds like he might have got he really. got really hurt. got really bad and i don't even do this. but when i look i go like there's a backflop. much oh god terrible. okay next one yeah hey matt. hey chris thank you guys. for everything that you do we love the podcast. and really appreciate it. we have a question for my husband. and i are in and ongoing. debate about our apartment complex. and our elevator my husband is of the mind. that when we come up from. our parking garage up to. our apartment we live on the third. floor before four story building uhh. that it is courteous to. send the elevator back down to. the parking garage level because the chances. are highest that people will be i get that. using the parking garage or coming. up to their apartments. from the parking garage so he. always sends it back. down we reach three and then he hits. p and the elevator goes back. down i get i get how it works. i think that's [ __ ] insane. and that most people live on the other floors. and so you're just sending it. away from yes everybody uses the garage but like chances. are probably 5050 that somebody from the or coming. from your apartment and you're kind of just guaranteeing. that it's not going to. be on your floor. whenever you want to. use it next you're definitely guarante so we have been split. on this i can't even tell you. the amount of conversations. we've had about it and we would love to. get your take on it. do you think it is worth. sending the elevator back down to. the parking level because you're helping someone down the road or do. you leave it that's a great. question because the chances are even across the board. i just think it's anyway love. you guys um like i said long. time babies for that's her husband and we excited to. hear your take on this. thanks i don't dude. that's the most unnecessary thing you can. possibly do on earth. it's just why are you meddling. with it at all you don't. it's not it's not definitely helping so. don't do it yes exactly. dude if it was definitely or even probably helping crazy. huh but that's a crazy. thing to assume he got. to divorce him right. that dude that's just bk oh hold on. honey wait hold on okay good now it's going back down someone right on the floor above it just like where the [ __ ] this elevator right right right also god damn yeah here husband check it out yeah don't that's naughty okay yeah it's a very naughty thing to. do n nish now that's a that's naughty. dude that is the kind of na. not this spef a guy. thing to do dude. is is that what we going. to say no a woman would never do. that a woman would never do. this dude it's the kind this. it's weird this specific thing doesn't piss. me off but this is so the kind of thing. that drives me [ __ ] crazy i agree it makes me a little bit meddling with [ __ ] it makes me a little bit annoyed let it exist. it's a fine system unless someone's like hey just so you know. the way this works in this. building it's always better to. have the elevator on the bottom leave. it alone which i guess. it's working it's fine. it's fine you're fine it's fine. dude that guy needs. to hey cut off his fingers. wow i mean that's a bit like this. it's a bit you know. wouldn't be the next option. the tongue well what would it. be the elbow your nub. just your nub maybe that be not. right when you cut it. off be really painful. also when you go to. hit p you probably hit one. also exactly so you use your tongue. thank you very much disgusting. uh why is this. wet the ground floor but no is wet. uh yeah that's that's crazy. dude you're right about it. you're you're right about it. she's right d and and he's it's not that. he's wrong oh yeah. it is oh but i don't even. want to give him that. you you're doing something that doesn't matter. in the least well potentially even worse. you're doing you're you've made something. up to a fault. yeah you've made up a thing. right that you're now assuming is just a fact. of living it's not accurate. it's okay to. make up things but you're inconveniencing other people with it. you're you know what you are. you're a son of a [ __ ] dude he thinks he's convenienc people son of a [ __ ] worse god that's now i'm getting really mad dude he's not just being like a prank like going to. send it back he's being like i'm helping people. think of him as an old man. makes it even worse. like he's going to. be that age's be like my well. when he's an old man. he's going to make [ __ ] that even be twice. as bad yeah you got to. watch out this guy watch out wife watch out this. guy's going to. be so awful when he's old wow. i mean i wouldn't go that. far you know he's going. to be the worst man. alive no listen s off his. fingers be fine by the time. he's 65 he's going. to be the worst person. in the world he ed. he can't hit the thing. and he will can't tickle. there'll be a few things you can't do but play piano. okay yeah terrible guy. terrible guy that's a little mat. chris up i love you. guys chris i bought your tickets. to go see you in duth i didn't know. you were coming to. thunder bay till two weeks. later and i'm in thunder bay and there's trains and a dog. and anyways i bugged you about this. before it didn't make it. on the air but i still say. chris you need a show or or our. board game or a game. show called yes got out of that. one i think it would be amazing. what is and matt. i mean you know you need a fragrance. called a ostensibly by matt. cuz i say it a lot. all right that's it i'll probably see you. in delose i will and i might see in thunder. bay the next night because i want. to hear you make fun. of my s yeah come both dude. we don't even know what. he wants him to. make fun of come. make him fun of my sick he died. my sick fantasies of necrofilia i. know you don't like when i do this. but this goodlooking guy. huh matt why am i not. allowed to do that what. is the thing you are allowed. to do it it why. do you it it's because of the uh amount you do it. but i think a lot. of i say about the men and the women. that call on the shark. i understand i'm not saying not you it's not i know it's not it. by no means is it a pervy thing. it's not at all no well. i know that no but i'm just saying like that's not your g. i thought that that's why. you're saying i do it. with men and women you know. what i'm saying oh no that. was separ i'm just like i do. it for them beautiful men. and women who call in the show. yeah here's here's why it's annoying. you do it too much. and what about when you don't do. it they're all [ __ ] ugly. oh okay you know what i mean. uh how about that's all in the middle. of duth and thunder bay how about wow. oh he lives in thunder bay i guess. is what he said but he's in thunder. bay ontario in duth in minnesota. yeah so he's just like in a lake. somewhere no no no he's in thunder bay i announced. duth first and then he got duth tickets. cuz he was like oh [ __ ] he's coming like two hours away. and then i went to. some thunder bay and he's like [ __ ] i could have waited. you get it yes got out. of that one and dude. that was for you dude. that one was what i don't understand. is how what would the show. be what would the show be. you know no one knows he needs. to call back call back tell us. what the show pitch us the show. didn't call the first time. pitch us the show send a video of pitching. the show uh and what was his. question anyway that that he didn't i don't think he had one right. sometimes people don't have them it's okay. i know but that was submission. was i should kick a bunch of stuff. over oh wow i mean i don't agree. i i should um what do. you call it flip a table. yeah but there's a better. way to say it what. do you call it you. know uh upend the there's no thing you call that flip a table i. guess is fine yeah. i should upend a lot. of things s a little more poetic. okay all right next one. hey man chris my name is also chris lifelong. baby lifelong lifeline listener i've listened to. every single episode every single week. and there's a theme that i've noticed that. i have to ask. you guys about and get your guys' take on. this because at least once an episode there's a submission where i think the submission. explains everything perfect i understand. exactly what they're saying. but for some reason. one of you will also understand. and what's going the other one. of you will have absolutely zero. idea what's happening or what. that person is saying we're autistic. it goes back and forth. you're each guilty of it so i have no idea what is actually. happening is it a lapse. of listening to. where you just zone. out for you know a minute. and not really hear what they're saying. or you know what exactly. is happening to. where one of you just has zero. idea of what's happening. even though i think it's seemingly explained. perfectly really the other one. of you does too. you explain it to. the other person thinks he knows. i just want to. know what the reason is i love you. guys both it's an awesome. podcast i listen to. every single week like i said. keep doing what you doing. peace out great great. great question go ahead. you feel like i do it. because i am honestly. i am so smart. i mean and i donald trump. wow i want to. get i want to. understand fully what's going on before. i respond and if i can't. i need to take a beat and say. hold on what's going here. because i'm a smart. openminded fact getter you understand and when people are like you know what he's talking about you're assuming and that makes an ass out. of you wow you know. cracking cracking just absolutely breaking down you know. yeah uh no you are uh dumb. who him you and that's why. you need to. be explained i'm smart. sometimes you're just not listening when it happens. to me i'm i'm simply not listening. i'm simply thinking listening. i'm hanging on words. when that happens to. me i am simply thinking of something. else i'm hanging on words. and i'm thinking of what you're talking. about and i want to. make sure that you that. i know what you're talking. about so when i'm lost. it's because you didn't use. some words okay i mean. dude so many people do that. in the group chat. it's unbelievable i have a group. chat five guys are in it. and the whole joke is oh here. we go we got to. explain it to. chris again that's what do. you mean that's the joke. of your group chat. that's joke that is a true. of your life that's true. of our family that. is true of any group. of friends you've ever had that. is true of our [ __ ] group text. that is just true of you. dude you know what it. is dude uh sometimes it. takes a a real crazy. person to just drive the world. forward and change it the way. it needs to be changed yes. got out of that one. and that einstein was wrong wrong. more often than he was right. but when he was right. he goes like this eal mc. s yes got that one. that's what he did einstein. did that i mean he didn't say. that thing that's my thing what if he did. what if he did just on the whiteboard. equals mc squ yes got out. of that one uh uh but dude. you you were closer. the very snap first thing. you said which is that you're [ __ ] autistic. that's probably more accurate than any of the other things. that you said well and that doesn't mean. some it actually doesn't mean. there's something that's not even. a bad thing it means that you listen. in a way that you like need. in certain contexts you need. like more complete entire information. you know like that it's so [ __ ] annoying you know who's like that you dad. thanks very much dad. is he i don't get jokes. sometimes because of it you know what i'm saying. yeah of course i do yeah. so there you go. thanks dad i don't understand. he does that yeah. really yeah okay matt how much does. dad not understand his whole. life he goes wait. hold on what so you said he said this. and then what happened he'll come. back to it a day. later yeah yeah so hold on when he was saying. this you're like what we already. talked about this yeah you. do that yeah yeah i do that. too now so thanks. dad so you have no. that should be the title. of this episode thanks dad you have no. right to get mad. at him then because you do it. yeah but it's like dude. you know the stuff that you get most annoyed. with is probably some version. of yourself in it. you know what i mean. it's like a miror it's like the mirror. match right very mirror match. yeah it's very true. no it's like a mirror match. it's like you know uh you know. silver surfer fighting silver. surfer or whatever it's almost. always true that stuff that. makes people the most mad is because there's something in it. that makes them think of themselves. which is why i get so pissed. when i see guys winning. charlie sheen [ __ ] charlie sheen so so pissed off when i see guys winning. i see guys with big dicks. i see guys who are just like the crazy. cutting up a rug just can. dance at any wedding. and then guys who are also like talented. and can sing and also be just be a laugh. and most women want to. sleep with them and most guys. want to just get a drink with them. but jokes on them. that guy doesn't drink a lot. of the time i don't drink yeah. i don't think those things make you upset. i get pissed off. when i see that [ __ ] pisses me. man another guy guy's winning. char sheen dude. how quickly [ __ ] a guy's [ __ ] a guy's oh man a guy's emptying out his nut sack a boatload damn it so [ __ ] oh man he's empty in his nut sack and it's like when the blood comes into. the uh the elevator doors and the shining and it fills up. the whole hallway damn. it dude just [ __ ] silent though what's happening you know diving into. a po what is happening. red blood in the yeah but bol. loads of no what's in the balls. gotcha from the window to. boat loads of watch. in the balls dude dude and it's silent. though quarterback [laughter]. no come on man. dude [ __ ] nicholas cage is a quarterback yeah yeah nicholas cage in the movie quarterback th h this summer blue 42 um um no dude just go h silence i mean you know dude silence dude the mechanism of the nuts the mechanism of the nuts dude the gayest things you could ever do dude to. act out the mechanism of the nuts. dude what's happening look. it's you got run from. the jiz look ready. i'm looking keep your eyes. everyone's looking there are cameras. on you why did it. turn into this you. know stuck disgusting you know. hey 10 minutes later a cartoon [ __ ] cartoon wow wow dude happens. to a girl gets up. 9 months later baby. comes out dude worst health class. teacher the [ __ ] worst health class. the mechanism of the nuts. students now watch today i'd like now look okay go over the mechanism of nut. now what do you see. when i do this. silence do right class class texting their moms you know class. class class class no class what's happening. class class 10 minutes later class. you turn around and they're all gone. oh they're crying just the principles. there wa can i can i have a word. oh did you see the first. part though i can see how it looks but oh god. bro it's the funniest a [ __ ] man that was good. man every episode we when we hit around. 45 50 minutes yeah. it happens at the end what is it. cuz we're tired or something. it's so hot god man it's always [ __ ] blazingly. hot in here it's so hot. but it's worth it. dude which is great. let's do another one. love you both yeah yeah matt. first for second second hell first my coworker. has the most annoying habits sniffs all day. oh no dude deep ones. i i had a roommate like that. colge slammed the tissues on. his on the desk and i said blow your. [ __ ] nose nice that's the right. thing to do he threw. the tissues at me. e oh that's a deserved it. no no not not now his new habit. is tis popping his gum. instead of blowing a bubble he sucks. it back in oh does. it all day i like that. i said nope not today. we're not doing it today. spit your g out. whoa this one's a [ __ ] boss me for this. the day you know why cuz i'm jim. car dude so how do i get over. myself how do i get over mouth. sounds how do i not kill. them love you both jim. car yeah at the end. next next is just talking out of her. butt dude i how do you i mean. i mean you got to. [ __ ] meditate or something this is this guy's the most annoying cooworker in the world but here's the thing everybody that has that has a job that doesn't get to. work alone or from home. has somebody at their workplace. that is [ __ ] annoying as hell so how do you deal with that i comedian. and don't temporary well i've only had temporary. jobs period you hired. for a certain period then. it's done usually i get to. work alone though so i don't really i can't. really relate to. this where it's like a job that you have no idea. when it might end that. you're stuck next to. somebody who is unbelievably [ __ ] annoying. oh wait yes i do know. what that's like i'm [ __ ] doing it right. now oh [ __ ] uh but no really it's that's i don't i don't know i don't [ __ ] know the the [ __ ] anthony or chris make sure we have an image of exactly the i thought the same thingo stuck on right. now her face right. now is so [ __ ] funny it is so funny i'll put it up on the screen. so uh um okay yeah um i mean you know. you always have good you actually. you give a good advice. about this kind of stuff. you got to figure out. a way yeah to. make it funny for you yeah. yeah that's exactly what i was going. to say yeah i mean it's judo. because it sucks you can't. you you're annoyed and you're on. the in this position. where you are suffering okay. and the other person is unaware of what. they're doing and or they are. and you just go you have to. turn that on okay. how do i have fun. with this how do i deal. with this this person is sniffing. what can thank you sir. now what do i get to. do because because of this you know. like what does it give her license. to do exactly exactly so so at least. you have the license to. walk up and say hey you sniff a lot. i need you to. stop sniffing it's driving me nuts. now that if that's fun. for you great if that's not what's fun. for you then you have other things that you can explore. right um but for me dude. i mean that gives me. license dude hey thanks for giving me. a license if he sniffs one more times i have a license. great got license that's me. works too dude wait hold. on i think what you should wait. okay do like sniff like i i'll act. out what you should do okay. oops okay every [ __ ] time. in cubicle next he didn't even know it. is every time and then eventually he'll figure it. out how about this like so do oops. it the whole thing would be like this. oops and then got oops. yeah exactly like that'll be like that. that's the game for you that's how you have fun. here's what you do if he does oops. uh so i'll say ups now. you and you look over. so do sniff oops who's saying. [laughter] yeah that would be good but then you got to. have something in your pocket. for when you do get caught cuz you will. get caught you know what i used. to do um in school. is i would start humming in the class. i would just go wow. just going okay until people were like what you looking. at me like what are you. doing and i would dude. and i would go i would go oh now that's good. and then and people would be like it's you people. be like would anyone fall for it. and i would go like so obvious. you know i know but but you can't. prove it dude and they weren't talking loud. enough to anyone could hear it. dude [ __ ] got them at their own. game dude god it's true. deny just keep denying. things so funny just keep denying. things and then and then wait wait that's reminding me of something. i was gna do that. yeah i don't remember now. you have to. remember it though cuz you did. the oh yeah i got it. i got it wow this. is so dumb dude. so you know how like people would come up. in high school and be like yo can i get a sip. if you're drinking coke. or soda or something. and like no that's disgusting. to me i don't ever give people sips yeah. you do but go on no. i don't you do no. no i don't say it. to my face i don't dude. i i i give my son's right. kristen you know yeah i guess. that's what i'm think about. yeah okay so uh i i would say no. right sometimes it's annoying because people are like you don't want somebody to. not like you or you're like or like it's going. to be tough you're they're going. to argue so i i did i did this once. i go like dude. there's so somebody comes up. to ask you for i go. like this like so obviously it. doesn't work with a clear. one but say it's not clear. right they go like this. they say uh uh um can i have a si. yo there's no more i go. like that right okay and they go oh [ __ ] you know turn it upside down and then and billy ael was like dude it sucks man i hate when people ask. me i don't everyone to. give people a sips i like well. don't he was like what. i like well you you do i have any okay. i see where this. one's going yeah okay. so gu's like hey dud can i get sip and he's like like noah no no no there's no more and he's like yeah there is uhhuh he's like no no i don't have any more man guy goes come on man come on and he's like no no no no look look he say look there's no more left and he put it he put it all over himself he didn't to. quick because the guy was like trying. to get it what a [ __ ] idiot it. was so funny dude. wow that is [ __ ] hilarious. dude yeah yeah it was so i'll never that. makes it even funnier. wow i know he's yeah i know he's funny. an undercover he was like. an undercover athlete too. that just didn't play any sports. oh he's one of those guys dude. yeah now he's a contractor dude. the guy makes [ __ ] bank probably doing i feel like i've heard his name i never seen him. since like high school. but i feel like his name. comes up sometimes well because yeah i use i i well no i his brother. does a lot of uh sound for me. the audio and for dad. oh yes he does yeah. no that i knew but billy yeah. i guess maybe yeah and uh whoa. and and billy i have not worked with billy but billy billy's great. and you named your son. after him yeah yeah great. [ __ ] great yeah not dad i named it. after him yeah that's cool. man so my face stitches. from the rash on it. that you can't see which is cool. poetry can you see it. my face stitches from speak things you see i i'm happy. i [ __ ] remembered this. so i was going. to shave my neck before this. has potentially be the worst. story of all time but okay. it's not a story it's just an anecdote i didn't because i wanted to. everyone to see how is all of the hair. on my neck completely gray. d that is so weird. it is it does happen. like that though cuz i i i all of it. dude i don't there's not a part. of it that isn't gr so you i don't think it. looks bad i have to. well thanks but that's i do think it. does but that's no it. doesn't so here's here's what i don't. like everything's white but my goatee dude. i i if you know one thing. about me i've never even. thought about that i hate goatees i. well that's weird i just posted. about this i i took a picture low. and i posted it and i was like look how much it. looks like i have a [ __ ] goatee even. sometimes in full light this is not a this. is how my [ __ ] beard. grows in this is how my [ __ ] beard. grs in okay lou black i have [ __ ] hair on my [ __ ] face you just can't see it as well cuz it's so [ __ ] dense right here dense dense dense dense gray. gray gray light light light performance art nyu. people like oh man. that's actually amaz it's actually amazing. go see his exhibit and i have no pants. on my dick dance dance. dance dance um do you have any more. hats or a hat with a button on. it sucks you know believe th hey dude [ __ ] you ever look at yourself and just think i'm so ugly dude. oh yeah it's crazy. right it's incredible i wonder if like [ __ ] it'll happen. the day after you think you look. good the same day like a few. hours later sucks how about this. sometimes you think you look like the [ __ ] then people are out there. taking pictures you'll see a picture from that. i thought i look good that. day i look like a [ __ ] [ __ ] dude the amount i'm just like i thought it was good looking but i'm like a four i can know that the world. is telling me that they think the opposite. but i'm like you're not going to. get that d i'm [ __ ] ugly. dude you cannot [ __ ] trick. me dude i'm [ __ ] ugly mom i don't care what you say yeah i know and sometimes when you're mom i don't care what you say i'm ugly deeper world girlfriends women i've been with dude you're not fooling me i'm not [ __ ] i'm [ __ ] ugly dude there's no [ __ ] way i'm going to. fall for your [ __ ] i am ugly. the least confident man of all time. dude like everyone look you be like yeah no no we don't think. you're good like he pretty ug. he pretty ugly we agree. with you um yeah man. sometimes i'm like wow and i and i almost like i'll go to. kristen and i'll just be like be honest. be honest yeah no no. no hey how about how i look. today meaning how awful. i look today and she be like oh no. you look great and i'm like that's crazy. no you're right she you look. bad those days no but i know i know i've done. the same exact. thing it's like dude. to kristen you think yeah on your back. no but like be real with me. i'm [ __ ] ugly stop lying you sometimes. people think they don't look. good you know what i hate. no but it's true. because at various periods in different. relationships she my girlfriend will. be like i look like [ __ ] today and i'll be like honestly this is like one of the best. you've ever looked in your life. i know it does happen. it does happen i hate in movies. when when people one of the most the worst line. in a movie the worst. line in a movie is you look. like [ __ ] today oh yeah it's always like to. brad pit you know and he's just like well yeah i didn't sleep. and he just looks so dope. in the movie the arrival. charlie sheen has the best version. of this he says i look like a can of smashed a holes. you don't look too good. actually i look like a can of smashed [ __ ] yep i look like a no i don't i look like a can of smashed [ __ ] okay and then we're going to. see that in the edit and i guess. that should be the end of the show. cuz we're already look like a can of smash. best and worst line in the history of mov. by the way there's nothing in that can [ __ ] are nothing it's not it's just not something. a can of smack. what is a smashed [ __ ] nothing what is an canned [ __ ] nothing why is it in a can that's like peak 1997 1998 humor yeah it's not even a joke. it's so the arrival or whatever the and then not arrival which is what look up. first look up that first with jeremy rener and no that's a good. movie that was made way later this. is the arrival with ron. sil and charlie sheen about aliens. arriving just like it's a ron. sil vehicle all right all right thanks guys thanks everybody love you see me i'm on chris dot com go see me on tour. hello hello hello hello hello hello hello 