 a lot of people know i'm a shoe. guy they want to. see my shoes sometimes i put a glimpse of it like on my instagram story or my patreon or something like that so here is my closet. tour or i guess to. put it better here is. my shoe tour [music] okay. the tried and true. shoe to me is the jordan one. mid and uh these are these are them. these are jordan ones these are all. the jordan ones i think i got sometimes. people send me shoes. like they sent me. these i don't remember who it. was it wasn't nike it was a shoe. a shoe guy because um i don't. remember who sent me. these but these uh and i don't even know. what they're called zoom. but they're iridescent i haven't worn them yet. but they're pretty cool you know. um and then i got sent these these ones. i bought which i bought them. when they first came out and now they're really hard. to get the no photos not for resale. and i love those um but these are my favorite the union. ones um same with these i got them when they first came out i had no idea really what i was doing and then i got them and then they now they're really hard to. get but my favorite is. this and this the shattered backboard. ones i don't wear these too much. because orange doesn't really like unless i'm wearing all black which i am now. but um i'll wear these um these are my favorite jordans i think ever probably. these or these i love the lance. mountains they're supposed to. chip like the more you wear them. they wear and there's color under it. and i haven't i mean i've worn them. a lot honestly and it takes a long time. but i haven't worn them maybe in a year or so and i believe they're different. colors like this one's red and this one's blue yeah um and they've just done like no like there's a little wear there it just took too long i wanted it i wanted it to. do but i didn't want to. be one of those guys. that did it on organically or inorganically. that were they like sometimes. they chip it off. i don't like that i just got rid of a lot. of shoes because i don't wear many of these like even a lot. of these i haven't worn these purple. jordan ones are the ones. i wore for no. pain um my special uh on netflix. and i got them to. wear them on that and um yeah so they're kind of they're special to. me man um i really like these shoes. i don't know if i've worn them. since because they kind of have become the shoes. that i've worn there and in a way. they like i like that memory um i got the 11s. here these are the 11s. i have sometimes i mess up. the numbers don't like kill. me dude i'm like a sneaker dude. but like i don't know all the [ __ ] um and i think that these are the space. jam ones i can't remember the space. jam 11s wow i'm so. 41. 40 these are like the people like make fun of mids. now and i still think that they're the best. man and these are the most slept. on for for me these are the most slept. on the david letterman jordan ones. i love these and you can get them. for price and for retail and i don't know why. people didn't jump on these these are my my number. one slept on jordan ones i'm sure people will make fun of me. for that but whatever man. they're so ill dude these i got from flight. club i think these are the jordan timberlake i don't remember i saw jordan timberlake where i'm an idiot. they say something on there. stress is cruel fame is a lie. okay sure you know what i mean. there's no reason to. get pretentious with shoes oh. these are [ __ ] though because let me tell you okay for the sneaker heads. out there laces you can't redo them. they don't have one. of those things on it. so you can't get them. even through one thing so they come like this. and i like to. lace them up dude because you never know when you need to. go to work or run. or something and i'm not going. to be one of those guys. who's just unlaced and uh oh here. come the bad guys and then i got a jet. and my shoes are falling. off it happened to. my friend i seen it. happen to my friend and he and he got um he got caught. nothing really happened to. him but um i don't wear them. because of these because i don't like the tongue. to be all fat out you ever. see those guys with the really high sometimes. the guys with a really high tops. and then the tongues comes out. and the jeans tuck. underneath it i don't like that. to me that's like so 2006. and do you know. about me dude it's 2021. but i live in the future. i'm like 2030 i'm like 2032. 2033. so then let's come over. here come over here. these are my dunks. which i don't like high dunks. on nikes i just they look. too big and too silly. and to me they're just not. jordan ones they're like a little bit look. like jordan ones but they're just not jordan ones. and i know like people will hate. me for that but i just don't care. about dunks that are high. i love low dunks. and i've got skinny legs so they look a little bit like when i wear these olives on toothpicks but i still don't it. doesn't i still wear them. and i love them. i wear them with shorts. i wear them with pants. um yeah these are the offwhite uh air. maxes some of my favorite. offwhites and then i have the offwhite other offwhite um dunks that. these are probably my two favorite ones. i know they're coming out. with like 90 of them soon. uh or something like that. i can't remember how many maybe you're like oh and then i just got these are. the newest edition because i didn't have green. shoes and i love green. shoes i like green on two things shoes. and cars and i don't like the color. green any other time that's just how i roll. dude i don't even watch the lord. of the rings because there's like so many sprawling forests. and fields and [ __ ] and i won't watch it and that's the truth. new jordans that i like are these i wore them. all the time i call. them kind of warm too much. and i don't really wear them. all that much anymore. but i like these what are they called. the air co i don't know. but i like them for the fact. that you can wear them. every day without trying to. like be like making a hey i'm wearing these shoes. check out my cool. shoes like the dunks and some of the jordans that i have they're kind of understated. but uh i wore them. too much in a row. one time when i was in high school. i would go and i would get the number. whatever it was but it was the chicken. sandwich and i loved it. so much i ate it every day. and then one day i was just like i would never eat one. of those again because it makes me. want to throw up. so basically that's this version of these shoes. but i love them. like i love that. chicken sandwich i guess i don't like it. but i don't like it. anymore but um i might wear these today actually the undefeated kobe's. i love these these are probably the only kobe show. hi calvin hey buddy you want. to come see daddy's shoes. you take them out. and you throw them. around all the time. but these are probably the the coolest. i like these kobe's i don't really love. kobe shoes rest in peace hey buddy. come here you can come. over here come here you. want to pull them out. like you always do look. here he goes look. there you go you like those the carolina. are those are carolina these are. the carolina blues i don't know. they're kind of the same to. me these are air force one. highs i don't ever wear them. but i just love the color. hey you got them you like this. one same color kind of well. a little different a guy. made me these they're pretty. cool the zipper thing you can. take off i meant to. take it off because i don't want to. use the zipper thing which one. which one you like oh you see the fuzzy. in the air these i love because of the colors the blazer. offwhite halloween i think they're called and so i really like these these are kind of where i put the offwhites. i meant to put the dunks. over here with these i don't like how sometimes i get you know. sometimes christians like you lift. your shoes out and she puts. them anywhere and i'm like baby. the off whites go here there's one lebron shoe. i like sorry lebron but it's the one. that he did with uh john. is it john elliott. yeah john elliott these are. my favorite lebrons and they're a collaboration. with john elliott these. white ones sometimes. the white shoes like this. with the with the seethrough [ __ ] they get yellow. um so these got a little yellow. but i also because i love them. got the black ones and the gold ones. there's pink ones too and i was like i'm all in and then i realized that. they were for women not that. i wouldn't wear women shoes. but i didn't feel like getting a size 45 in women's. shoes a lot of people hate these shoes. but these are the cloth. the yeah the jordan cloth. 14s like these and i like the ferrari. 14s and uh a few other. ones but i like jordan 14s man. and a lot of people don't i don't remember what number. this is tell me in the comments. i forget what these are but i like these uh oh they made the new york. uh the la and i think chicago these here. are ones that netflix. got me they gave me these two. they kind of came together. i think they come together. oh oh these um these travis scotts. are my are probably i really want the travis. scott ones but these ones. are cool too i should have got those ones. man i had the chance and i didn't and now. they're about [ __ ] two thousand. dollars the jordan 5 toro. and then i think these are called the what the [ __ ] my dad got me. these i haven't worn them. yet don't tell them. but um he got me. these for my birthday. which is really cute. because he knows i like shoes. um the cement let's see oh so all right. these are just my these are my dad's shoes. my dad wore these shoes. when i was a kid. and i love these shoes. they're the 180s nike air 180s and i wear them. i wore them because my dad. wore them when he when when i was young. i wore them when calvin was born. in the hospital which is really cute. no matter what you say. and then i wear them. now to work out. and stuff really the ones. that are good that are for working. out are these they're kind of hiking. shoes and trail shoes i forget. what they're called but my buddy. got him scarpa and i use i use them. when i work out a lot. because they're a lot more flat. so shout out to. skarpa for keeping it real. like that with the working. out shoes and trail shoes. sakai's i'm a big fan. of nike sakai's i have the white ones. i've got these which are i don't know. what they're called like the black one. and i have one more somewhere. see they're not in order. other work i choose. that i have that i like working. out but the soles. are gone i gotta get new ones. reeboks i have very few reeboks but some of them. are banging like the traditional classic. shits i got these i wore these which ones. did i wear i wore. these blue ones and they're kind of the same. but i wore these blue. ones on the netflix. thing i did comedians of the world. my episode of that which is on comedians of the world. um and then i have these ones too with green. in them these are my air. maxes i have these for my. air maxes i guess i got about. five pairs the undefeated. i think undefeated makes a lot of really good collabs with nike. they've got these dunks coming. out that i really want to. get these are undefeated as well are those you that watch my podcast juan. fire got me these yeah. the nike react. 10th yeah and then i have these which i love. which nobody likes these air. maxes are the [ __ ] dude. i love these laces the way. they're all like caterpillar [ __ ] i love these and nobody likes these christians christians like these are. so bad but i'm [ __ ] love them highend [ __ ] like i guess gucci like i love with the wolves and then the beat and then the flies and the stars new balance makes some great [ __ ] they tried and true always sometimes i work out in these even they're kind of when these come out when these came out again i think it was like a year and a half. ago i wore them all. the time i kind of wore. them out they're a bit. grody but the 997s i think i really. like these i used to. wear these in 1998. when i was in when i was in new york. and i was uh in school. and i wore them every [ __ ] day and people were like goddamn you got to. get other shoes and i didn't i didn't i just rocked. those i [ __ ] love these the 997s uh love the blue. love the tan there's a little secret with these they're a little big. on me and i'm but it really. bumps me out but i still went on i believe bodega okay bodega collaborations are are great i love bodega collaborations especially with new balance they made some other cool ones with saucony but these are amazing i love these i love how they like have a little spoiler on the back and uh like i said i love these caterpillar laces man i don't know if what they're called i'm making up that caterpillar thing but i love this [ __ ] they're so they feel all terrain they're not i mean you know i wouldn't wear these like in the in the tundra so it's not really all terrain but um love these are the 997 bodega collaboration i think that these this collaboration that bodega did with new balance i think these are the best new balances along with these i [ __ ] love the way this looks i just love all the colors the color. combinations with it they're just cool. man even on the inside. you got a guy chilling. on the beach that's just too cool. [ __ ] i'm such a dad i like fear of god i got some fear of god shoes. um three pair i think green. ones i don't i don't have a clue. what they're called but love the camo. [ __ ] and then these ones which are cool which i didn't even know when i got them because i got them online. um i really like the black and white but they're like kind of like slipons. and i ended up when i got about the box. i was like oh man. i didn't know that but i like that. because sometimes your boy. likes to be very casual. you know i do have that. thing in my head about running. away which you can never run. away in these shoes but you just hop out and then take like you know a secret root or something okay now these here are my yeezys i'm a sucker. i love yeezys and you know. i just [ __ ] i fell for him. dude i fell for the trick. kanye made music but then say what you want about kanye. you know he's so big that he's got so many haters and also not haters. but like his fashion is. so [ __ ] awesome except for the red thing. he wore on his face. for the dawn to. premiere or listening party so i just kind of buy. them when they come out. sometimes and uh like i got a lot. of these um these style the 350s and i this. is what i hate about. the closet i can't fit three. pair of 350s together because they're too thick. it's two or two wide. so i gotta end up putting two in and then another style which bothers me. dude it bothers me. love these um 500 i can't. even remember jesus christ bro. when the when the when the um when the stress is on i don't i forget. what they're called but they're i think that the 500s. and i have a lot of these 350s like these are the second version of the 350s. um these all came these all. came which a few of them. came out together and i i got the three of them. the taillights i think they were this. oh and i think this i think these three all. came out on the same. day and i just got three of them. these are probably my favorites. and i don't i don't wear them. because they're purple and i think i've worn them once. gotta get on that these are the version. the first versions of the yeezys i think they're the oxford. tan ones and uh these are great. they're very comfortable the thing. about the 350s the first versions. of the 350s and the 350s is that they're too. comfortable like i can't wear them. at night like i feel like they're daytime. shoes is anybody with me on that. i don't know like these zebra. ones i couldn't wear at night. they're too contrasty and too they're too comfortable. to wear at night it. feels like i'm wearing a slipper so i wear them. in the daytime to. like go get coffee. and all that [ __ ] love these love that i got some yeezy boots up here. which i don't really ever. wear just because i'm not really a boot guy but i do really like the design. of them and these are my favorite but like i just i just can't. wear these [music] season. five if i was gonna pick my. my two favorite shoes. of all time it would be the jordan ones. if i was like gonna be on location. and i could only bring two. pair i would bring jordan ones i don't know which ones. i would bring but i would bring jordan ones. and i would bring my favorite. the wave runners i got two. pair these ones i wear all the time. and they're dirty and i was gonna wear them. until they just broke and then i've got another pair. here that i'm gonna wear when i like either. shoot something or gotta dress. up and like seem like i know. what i seem like i know about shoes. or something but these are my favorite yeah. these are my favorite one. and two um jordan one and the wave. runners are my favorite two. favorite shoes let it be known. that's it i think when kanye made. these he just killed it. they're just the right amount of do. i like these or not that. they keeps me guessing. and i just love wearing them. and they're very comfortable there's another kanye. shoe that i love and i am. not this kind of guy. who likes these kinds of shoes. but i put them on and it was over. okay the slides i have one pair. of the kanye slides and now. i'm a slide guy okay so there's a lot. of dust on these but these are the ones. dude i don't wear slides because they fall off you gotta keep your toe up. when you take a step. so it doesn't they don't fly off. you don't have to. do that with these you don't. have to do that. with these these are the best. slides ever i love these slides and i'm going. to get more so that is um those are all. my shoes i probably had i just got rid of i would say i mean. this is more these are more shoes. than i need um but i would say i probably i had 50. pair that i got rid of that. i gave to. friends and i donated um because i just don't wear them. anymore and it's annoying to. have these shoes and not wear them. and have somebody and have people out there. that would like them and enjoy them. like uh that i um that. they're wearing them somewhere out. in the world now which is which is wild. you don't know this maybe but you have crystallized. shoes and uh maybe you [ __ ] hate my [ __ ] maybe you don't think i'm funny at all but you're wearing my shoes so in a way life has its surprises man and you have no idea but some tall drink of water. out there with size 13 just walking around in my uh but by the way that i wore one time. because i never liked them. in my like adidas uh what are they called. the adidas um what were those. socks well i got so many of the when they came out the adidas ultra boosts and i just don't wear them anymore. and i donated them. and there's some people out there. with the size 13 adidas. ultra boost that doesn't like my comedy. that's still in my shoes. that's hilarious so that's it. that's my closet that's my shoe. tour really hey buddy and he wants to. show you his shoes. look you got your mickey shoes. right here your mickey shoes. you like those and look at the stunting. on them dude with the jordan ones your dad. has son huh yeah shoe. look at that do you even know. how cool those are look at the socks. like he's a chick in the 80s. with the high puffy socks. that's my closet tour thanks. for watching and then uh like and subscribe. for more videos like this [music]. thanks 