 it's too much of a out. blue it's a joke. that a guy told it's a too. coherent i'm pissed it's a [ __ ] people don't really get jordan with the slam. it's not just something that you remember. it's not just godamn it. now i'm pissed see what i'm saying. yeah yeah runk hello. hello hello hello pleas h oh w just get a shirt that's it at the national park no i know but what is that picture of it wow it just has a shirt for no reason is that off that's off why is that off why would that be off a shirt for no reason dude i'm never a guy who wears a shirt for no reason and honestly the shirts. came in dude this is important. shirts came in this is important. it's not are we recording. yeah oh well what the why. is the tv say in the beginning. right i didn't mean to. shirts came in shirts came. in if you listened to. two episodes ago call the okay. blank call the cops. i'll have blank with them. there we go floating. in the worst cgi of all time. um yeah dude so that's so we have the um tweety bird. uh i don't know the tweety bird. twe bird tweety bird um and so that's what's that's. what's going on now. and it's episode 75 sunday. september 17th uh and sundays are for lifeline. you know that uh you can go. sign up at lifeline luxury. uh sign up to. get the lifeline luxury. patreon dot com lifeline lxury. that's been killing lately. um so uh a new episode. is out lifeline luxury. go sign up for that. and uh you can go catch me. on tour i got a bunch of different. dates coming up here uh we got um let's see pittsburgh. cleveland um and detroit orlando. florida fort mars florida richmond virginia baltimore. maryland philadelphia and reading pennsylvania um crystalia. docomo or go to. watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline down below um. yeah send us videos. dude we love the submissions. you want one inone advice. sessions with matt go to. mata dot com right go there. go to mata. dot com and if you want the greatest. merch that there is go to. lifeline merch dot com. the greatest merch that ever lived get your pieces. that go with all the other pieces. and wear them all at once. when you leave the house. cuz you never know. if there's going to. be a fire in your house. or someone's going to. rob your house make sure you wear every piece of merch. every time you leave the house. pretty weird pretty weird but agree. um so some's going going on we got these shirts. on and you know what something. else about shirts but go ahead. i want i got something else to. you got something else about shirts. yeah but you say well. mao over there said yo it's so weird. to see you in a regular tshirt. because i'm always wearing like kind of either. different older vintage or also uh fashion. stuff n you never wear vintage. stuff but yeah i do i do okay. okay so okay yeah okay i'll believe you i have a one. i have a ducks unlimited shirt. and then i also have a motorsports shirt keep going. speaking i'm just saying um and so uh so that's so but now i have a a regular shirt on and what i'm realizing is nope. i'm beefed out dude the shirt's too small. no it's not too oh and it's an extra. large so i'm beefed out. so that's why i said we got to. get got to make sure we get xl's because always when you get a cheap. shirt like this it they run. tiny is this the other thing. you want to. say about shirt tiny is. we want to. say about the thing. i want to. say about shirts. is that anthony wears tshirts all the time. and he every time someone asks. him about his shirt. yeah not only does he not know. the answer but he acts like it's a ridiculous. thing i don't know to. even yeah to. to even like know what might be on one's shirt. mh it's absolutely insane. to just be wearing a shirt. and not know anything about it. i think i i and a lot. of i'd say most people i agree unless you like it's even weird. it's like not even not knowing. the brand like if you have a big. thing on the front of your shirt. and it says a word and then there's a picture of it. did youth and one thing. ended up on you and you're like oh it's all good. i'll wear this dude i we i was talking to. harland williams the other day. bragon i mean you know braging it's not bra. bragging if you're more famous than the person. right well haron williams is pretty legendary. he's been around for a while. and he is legendary you're right. so that is true. i'm not legendary not. yet you dropped his name. and yet you basically said i know. harland williams but go ahead. it's harland right with the d. yes it's also very obvious. that i would know him. because he's a comedian. who worked all the time. so it's not really bragging so uh he had on a shirt. with uh the ghost um mario from mario. brothers like that you know. what that white ghost oh there's like a ton of different. ghosts and you can oh oh in mario cart. the ghost yeah that one. whatever that is yes i do know. it yeah and um said oh said it all wrong. but it's what the how the hell would. i say it the character. in mario kart that is a ghost. why are you saying mario. kart it has to. do with mario brothers nobody says mario kart. dude mar mar you drive. him and you drive in the in the in the uh uh ghost. automobile you drive in the ghost. you are the ghost but that's not what the thing. is from the thing is from mario. brothers mario 1 no no. people don't know from the mario kart. from mario 1 yes. dude what did it look. like then [music] oh oh yeah. dude so get out. of here with your mario. kart it's all good but it. says three okay okay which is a decade. before mario kart probably even longer. oh yeah for sure for sure. for sure oh yeah i do remember yeah. that thing scared me anyway. well that must have blocked it. out of my you're wuss so um wuss you know would have said p. word but still early don't want. to get demonetized so i know. that so you're a wussy. boy um so he was wearing a picture a shirt. with just that on it. like this big right. and i was like oh you got a mario shirt. on cuz eric griffin also had a mario brother. shirt on now eric griffin. we know why he's wearing a mar. brother shirt dork he likes. we don't know why. williams is wearing a mar. brother shirt especially just the ghost. so i said what are you doing. wearing that yeah you got mario. brothers you guys both. were mario brothers oh is this. mario i have no idea you know. how he does and i was like you really don't and he was like yeah. i don't know i was like well then why. are you why do you have it. and he said i don't know. i just went on i got it. online and i said like how and he said i just typed in silly. shirts and bought a bunch oh my god yeah and i silly dude. and i said you literally googled. silly shirts and he said yeah i said why yeah and he said cuz i got a podcast i like to. wear different shirts. on the podcast i mean. that is pretty smart honestly. if you're like i don't know what to. wear i'm a comedian i like to. be silly i'm just going to. google silly shirts and buy the first 10. that so what's more important. to you then when you're wearing a shirt. what is on the shirt. or how the shirt. fits cuz i would never buy something. that i don't know how it looks on me. unless unless it's a brand that i know. or it's a brand that is similar. to another brand that i know but like just willynilly buying. a shirt like this. i would never do it. of course we bought it for jokes. on the podcast i i you mean. without are you basically saying you would never buy something. without trying it on first no. oh okay well i mean i i guess. kind of except for the fact. that i'm saying un. like there are brands i know. that i know how they fit so. it doesn't matter no i would definitely do that. i i i care more about how they feel on. me not even so much. how they fit it's how they feel on me. like this shirt for example. feels like absolute dog [ __ ] you know what i'm saying and i might have been a little early for that but it's okay no it's not um i i don't think it feels that bad honestly. really yeah i don't it. feels just like a little st i mean. i'm sure if we would just washed. it once yeah you wash. it you know you let it rum. you let it rumble. and tumble rumble and tumble. and trust in god oh my god wow. when the earth goes it. takes a rumble and trust in god. j new what per. of the listeners think do you think know what you're doing. right now i don't know we definitely talked about it. in one episode pretty hard and i've also talked about it. a lot on my podcast. jin greg gregory new network coming. to you from jacksonville. florida well when earth takes the tumble trust in god worst. news update ever you know. uh just singing a terrible. song the newscaster made up he was the first. alex jones to be honest. um but yeah i hope he's doing well. over he's over in florida. somewhere um oh he's dead. he's dead dude that's what i think and every time. i google him he's still got videos. pumping out and i'll be in florida. hopefully i'll see him. in fort meers or orlando. christ dot com starbuck he's just at at starbucks. and fort myers and [ __ ] live yeah yeah just what a guy dude. you know what's interesting. you when you do the impression. it sounds like you're making fun. of an entire group of people. but what the reality is. is that that's exactly how he sounds. why do i sound like i'm making fun. of because it sounds like just typical thing. that when people are making fun. of people with disabilities do voice. and now what i'm pissed. about is that i obviously. meant that when i say things. that mean in the obvious. thing why do you ask. what because i i didn't get it. because he doesn't have a uh like a um i think what you're getting. at is there's some sort of uh like down. syndrome thing i'm making fun of no. no no no no doesn't have that. that's why i was confused. does he has great so we're done. we got it that's not the only way. to have a mental. disability down syndrome is not the only what's the disability that you think i'm making fun of what i'm saying is the sound the voice that you did makes it it sounds like the voice people do for a catch all way to. rep well it does and i'm listening. to it and you're saying it. so it sounds different. out of your mouth i don't think it does. no what i'm doing is a legit. impression of the guy and it sounds 90% like very. much i would have said you actually. even so i'm so mad. wow wow wow dude the whole thing. i was saying was it sounds like that. but that is actually what you're doing. is an actual exactly right. impression of that guy. but you did say that. i didn't cut you off. you did say that okay. see the piss meter the piss. meter is broken yeah the top. of the thing broke off. spouted out yeah you did it. it's your fault okay. i feel like your piss meter. probably broken a lot anyway because you get pissed. at a lot of stuff. maybe but dude anyway i look at freaking beefy. in this shirt let's get to. some submissions huh but i but i do look. beefy in this shirt right. it's pretty crazy you look. pretty beefy i mean. so weird beautiful not beautiful. not beautiful at all lenny kravit walking down the street. a homeless guy so you guys wanted some clarification on the drivethrough. incident the drivethrough incident so i'm going. to try to. recreate it for you here. as best i can yeah. this guy called it yeah he did but what was it. what was the drivethrough thing. he told a girl that she was pretty. in a drivethru right. oh and we want a clarification thank you. so much dude wow what a good. guy okay why is he dressed like jon snow. because you guys said that. he looked like l. of the rings oh that's hilarious. yeah he does dude you did. say that wow he's really coming through. we like this guy a lot. he the [ __ ] the drug the the gloves. you know they're so hot. he's great he's great don't mind. my dog in the background. if she's screaming no it's cool. well it's not cool if she's screaming. so yes so i she hands me my food. i say uh thanks uh by the way. you're incredibly pretty and then she goes. oh okay and like you know. wants to leave obviously. and i'm like i'm sorry. i i'm i'm not trying to. be weird and uh she's like okay. well uh enjoy your food. oh i was like thanks. see you and then i just drove off yeah. very simple nothing. crazy happened genuinely that's all. the detail there is really right. um i was also really intoxicated baffled in the in the moment. that like i really you were a little shook too. yeah you know it just happens. and they just don't really capture. the whole memory um but it wasn't even. really a big deal at the end. of the day it was just kind of like it. was just a jarring response. and i thought maybe i was missing. something entirely but at the end. of the day it's not that. big a deal yeah. oh this guy's great but i to. ask you guys a new question. okay and my question is should you. say bless you or should someone say bless you. when you sneeze personally. i don't really like when people say it. because then i have to. kind of respond and say. like hey thanks that's you know. or like be like oh like thanks. like i don't i don't need to. be blessed i just sneezed it's fine. um sometimes i actually try to. really avoid sneezing especially in. the workplace so that. nobody has to say bless you. to me that's great. um maybe that's strange. but it's a bit old yeah so how do you guys. feel about that uh once. again love the podcast. thank you and i'll see you guys. later i i good good guest. yeah when i someone sneezes i just go like this. great no when someone sneezes i go like i say bless you. i do it under my breath. so they don't have to. say thank you but i did. it for the world why. would you do it though. it's just a non thing no i say. bless you all the time. to somebody i don't think i don't i always appreciate i don't. do it i don't do it. st when people do it. to me though yeah no it's always been weird. though cuz it's a religious. bless you that's yeah it's gone. it's transcended that though obviously it's not. a it's not religious. thing so you know. everyone does that they're not. like super religious the literal. words are weird to. go along the sc was it. because people thought like that was the devil. in you like bless you. it's because when you sneeze. your heart stops and you die. a little bit they think no yeah. really mhm your heart. stops your heart skips a beat and they go. oh you were close. to heaven or hell so bless you. made but god bless you. i say bless you because i'm the one. blessing you is it even. god bless you is that. god bless oh wow. wow it's so dumb. yeah no it doesn't bother. me though yeah but uh that's weird. that it bothers you and that. is something that the kind of thing. that would also bother. me but that doesn't that doesn't bother. me go what you could. do is i bless you. as as you're like you could. be like guys i'm about to. see don't say bless you. true and then sneeze yeah. if the but here's the number one. thing is if someone says gazuntite you get to. choke them out yeah but that is obvious. cuen ti what oh oh god. did i sayti uh yeah also that. heart stop when you sounds like [ __ ] hon why do we say but somebody said that to. me hopes that prayer would. protect them from an otherwise c one. of symptoms of the plague was coughing and sneezing. and is believed that the pope. gregory gregory the great. suggested saying god bless you. after our person seas in hopes. that the prayer would protect them. from an otherwise certain des oh. okay all right so it's some superstition. bullit well yeah yeah yeah it's idiotic. yeah so great i spread misinformation. wow the pope it's the pope. i'm alex jones pope. gregory dude one thing we can always rest. assure whoever the pope. is is pretty pretty superstitious. yeah yeah i mean have you seen. the way he's dressed mhm. big ass hat you know the other big hat. well no cardinals have big ass hats. cardal big cardinal have the best outfits. of them all i should dress. like a cardal the pope. is dressed cool but cardinal. put up a cardinal like not the an is going. to write in cardinal. st st he's going to. click on the st louis. l he's like why are they all. in st louis or arizona. yeah yeah yeah hey did it cardinal. a day what that's not what we want. that's the name of the of the bird. the cardinal it is yeah cardinal. church hey religion b i mean. he typed in cardinal. bird could type in catholic. cal why type in cinal that's what. you guys meant sorry okay. you're fired oh wow you're just fired. look at the ced go to. images let's take this in he wrot. let's stop for a second also why. even add bird if he thinks that. that's the only one you guys. were talking about you guys. were basically saying that i was going. to type in the the sports. team or what yeah yeah. yeah and i was like oh well obviously he means to. bird then not the sports. team i didn't know that cardinal. popes existed cardinal popes going. to hell going. cardinal is another position. it's a lower it's like uh it's like there's the president. and then there senators and they're like senators of the vatican all right. so cardinal outfits are go go. go up so what else you want. to do is click on on. images what you' want to. do is click on images right. images and then any of the images instead of the shield. you know this the heat. is on dude you better. click on the right one. that did the right. one dude good job good job. yeah it's pretty good 13. cardinals wow they always hug with their arms down. like this like touching their arms and not over. because they can't reach because the thing they have the things. on it the front work. c also if they lift up. their arms you'll see that. they're all naked under there. dude those hats [ __ ] suck you know. everything about you know it. looks like a [ __ ] a box that you'd put your takeout in everything. about can i get a box. to go and they give you the cardinal. hat the way the catholic. organiz oration the church the religion the religion the organized religion. of of catholicism the way. that they dress the higherups. is so [ __ ] stupid d you know what they should wear these get over it. like the cops i'll have sex. with them get with the times dude. look at the guy's hat to. them it's like it's a bento. box to them. it's one yes that's the one. i want to. do to so dumb. so not aerodynamic dude. dude just the tip. of a dick he's wearing a b hise dude. how stupid everything is about it. dud if he was a convertible dude. that thing would go flying. man hit your windshield. go go click on the all the way one to. the left where he's sitting down. and [ __ ] with the cap chair. that one wow oh it's too. small you guys remember the pope. before this pope his name. was pope benedict he they all. look the same he wore. christian lubaton shoes oh that was real i thought that that was like no no you're thinking of something else no no no i know that too i thought that that was fake okay no oh no he had think i know he had a red red bottom lo oh man ho you know not what the pope. should be standing for you. know and i'm sorry if you're catholic. and you're listening i'm not but if you're catholic. and you're listening why you still catholic. yeah yeah that's true. why does the po. wear red shoes cuz he's because he's got that drip on him honestly he's trying to. keep the nuns pass. out towels with the nuns wow that's kind of cool. though you can wear whatever you want. you can wear whatever you want. on your on your feet so he's got to. express himself imagine if he had yeezys on. um anyway well nothing is more religious. than you know it's the latino. shoemaker right so he's probably like please please. the pope now where am i what what are you what are. you pointing at the latino. shoemaker it said it was the latino. shoe maker that made those. shoes that's what it said right. there anyway please please for us. for us for us for for the people. we need you know uh anyway. all right cool i did an italian. accent but wait i have this wrong. he just wore red shoes. a [ __ ] me man. bam dude wow but they oh they were prada. they were prada. prada red shoes okay which is. a classic prada. thing right they do those red shoes. i don't know i don't know we honestly. this podcast there have been no facts. so far we've been saying things. out of oural bird you know cardinal. bird your heart stops when you sneeze. and he's wearing lub vuittons i haven't said a single piece of misinformation. and i'm proud of that. you will all right all right. next one what up chris and matt. chris i came to. your show a couple years. ago in chicago it. was a new year's show. good ass time pause it. um anyway the topic is he's legit. i've never seen somebody with the same. hair on his chin. as on his head if you just switched. it it would look exactly. the same that's that's incredible. i've never seen that that's incredible. that's pretty yeah also the most regular shirt. i've ever seen in my life. okay just regular guy to. a tea this guy. i was listening a couple your old. lifeline episodes and chris you were talking. about how you just had a hard. time at weddings and uh that's exactly. why i feel when i'm at weddings. dude like i just feel out. of place i feel like a misfit like why. is everyone here having such a good. time and i'm just over here. you know totally not um so anything you have for me. i didn't really go to. weddings or dances or anything coming up. as a kid the cer. um so yeah anything matt chris anything. you guys got me. any advice on how to. have a good time. and just uh enjoy the wedding. uh let me know i'm i'm in a wedding. in a few weeks. in vegas the grooms men so i have to. participate and have a good. time so anything you guys. got love what you're doing. take it easy thank you i appreciate. you i'll tell you this much i my whole attitude. has changed uh when i'm at events. now i'm way better at them. i think it's cuz the cbd i take from pure. spectrum you can go get on the code. uh you type in the thing. and you click on w you uh congrats but that [ __ ] helps and that's why i'm i'm in business with them i'm not saying you should do that but my point is i think that that's what helps for me also dude i feel like um um the uh i mean wow what's going on yeah i feel like he uh you're you're in you're you don't like going to. weddings you going to vegas and being in a wedding. that could be a good you know. i know he's obviously been to. some weddings but that could be a good way. to ease into it is because it's vegas it's not like you're in the middle. of nowhere [ __ ] you know in indiana which i'm you know what i mean just like i assume the wedding's still going to. be wedding is though but you mean. like after no yeah yeah that's what i mean. like at least it's just that. and then also although maybe it's not going to. be wedding is it's if it's in vegas. he also it might not yeah like why. the [ __ ] would you go be wedding. is if you're going to. be in vegas but he's also in the wedding. so he's going to. have a bunch of [ __ ] things to. do yep having a wedding is rude. having a wedding is insanely. rude yep thanks for being a here. here's what's even more rude. thanks for being in both. of mine having a wedding then. there's like two 250 guests. thanks did that twice. you know who that's rude. to m about 230 people been rude. to 500 people every time. a little under cuz some of the people at those weddings. want to be there like the person's family. their best friends whatever but most. people this goes out. to everyone who's listening. who's ever been married. plans on getting married. or might one day get married. at your wedding mm just keep this. in mind no one wants. to be there yep nobody there. wants to be there. except your mom yeah and some other people. who are like your mom. and i get you kind of have to. have a wedding sometimes i understand. you know cuz either the the woman. wants it or sometimes. a guy wants it or they think it's the right. thing to do i get it. uh however definitely keep the actual. ceremony short and the speeches. short nobody wants to hear. your speech where it's just and that's why. when we and she was the only person in class. that i i got along with because we both. wore jellies that's a good. speech though that if it's like that. it's okay and that but that's the best. that's the best man that's the top. yeah yeah oh dude. remember jellies that's why. i said it do you remember them. now you said it a few. seconds ago yeah dude. do you remember jellies. maa mhm that's why. i said it does. everyone remember jellies. i what the [ __ ] i hav thought about jellies. in like years you remember this. you jell yeah that mellin. mell is it mellin. well mellin was the was the that. was it right think right. i don't know i think i don't know damn. it yes it was it. was he said i'm i'm like mellin. i'm so jal oh yes. he's right there we go. makco came through he's usually done. but he got it well they still make him. yeah dude oh they still are a thing. yeah i thought only eighth grade. girls in the late '90s could wear them. well that's when they started wearing that's when they exploded. people are still doing anything. girls in 8th grade. in 1999 were doing that's crazy. i mean look they're kind of like honestly. they were ahead of their time. i would say those are sick. i would say they're ahead. they're not like they weren't. like that then those are just no. they got a chick there's men's i'm getting. a pair bro i mean what do you think you got to. keep updating [ __ ] you can't just have the same. you're right but they're so different. though right no they're not so different. okay yes they are the whole. thing about jellies is. they were like that weird. material they still are oh really so yeah. look at them i don't see. the material on them though. you can up up up go. up go up see the blue. one right there on the right. you can see it oh oh oh wait. the one on the left. isn't like that oh interesting. oh interesting that's not a true. jelly to me. no you're right but the that purple. see because that's the kids one. that's why there we go. there's another adult ones. we've gotten to. the bottom of this there we go. so they're not the true. jelly ones yeah no. they're not they're imposter jelly. there we go look. at the men's jelly. ones men's jelly ones. have oh let's see the guy. wearing him yeah he looks good. oh he looks really bad. honestly that guy you want to. fight could be honest. that guy you want to. fight for just being not because of his shoes. though you just want to. fight him uh anyway so jellies. yeah that's why i said it. and i pulled it deep from the archives. to make it funny. oh dude i never would have been able. to think of that on my own. but how good was it. how i pulled it deep. from the archives to. make it funny yeah you pulled. it deep from the archives. to make it it made it funnier. yeah okay okay hey took it who was the next guy. oh man hey guys we're going. to take a break right. now to talk to. you about something football is. back in full swing with another epic week. of games and who's got you. covered on the action for every single one. of them draftkings sports book an official. sports betting partner of the nfl. new customers can bet $5. on football and get $200 instantly. in bonus bets nobody's missing out. on the action this season. all draftkings customers can take advantage. of two new offers. every game day this september. get in on the nfl. week 2 action with draftkings. sportsbook download the app now and use code. lifeline to sign up new customers can bet. just $5 and take home2 200 instantly. in bonus bets only on draftking sportsbook. with code lifeline the crown. is yours gambling problem. call 1 1800 gambler or visit www dot 1 1800 gambler. net in new york. call 8778 hope andy or text. hope andy that's 46. 7369 in connecticut help is available for problem. gambling call 8887895118 varies by. jurisdiction void in ontario. c sports book. draftkings dot com terms for eligibility. terms and responsible gaming. resources bonus bets expire 7 days. after issuance eligibility and deposit restrictions. apply hello chris matt this. is sissa again from nashville. thank you for answering my. question dr said to. send in a video of me. playing drum set but unfortunately i am. classically trained so i have all those drums. at the symphony but however. i am first and foremost. a latin drummer and latin drums don't traditionally. use drum set this means that my primary. instrument oh hell yeah. are conas and bongas. i don't have a great. way to s my phone. down hell yeah dud. so these are conas these big. ones wow and then these little ones. my absolute favorite are bongos. matthew m played them with his dick. out right and these are team vias. i don't keep them. set up but this is what. the rhythm on them sounds. cool and yeah dis these drums. together make up the heartbeat. of salsa music wow. there's some kakon there's drum line stuff. selling it to. us but yes i'm going. to see you in n. show and hopefully you get the tweety bird. shirt on time and thank you. guys you're the best we have. the tweety bird shirt. right now and thanks for coming. to nashville nashville was. awesome uh and she was there. yeah that's what she said. that's why i said so thank you. very much um for coming. actually that was a an unreal. that venue dude that. venue the ryman yeah is is. the best venue i've ever. played what yep i know and i didn't want to. believe it because it's built in 19. uh uh 1896 or something. 18 1800s one of the ancient. cool ass ones in nashville. dude i was like all right. well like you know how you think that make you not. want to say it that should make you want. to say it that's crazy. what what something amazing. as a venue was built. in the 18 no no. what what what i what i mean. is you know how people say. things are good just because they've been around. for a while no i know. that you think that i don't. think people actually do that. though mad you don't think people are like it's like this. it's like they don't make them. like they used to. and in the meantime like yeah. okay oh okay so cool. so you'd rather have a [ __ ] 1950 chevy than a car with all the bells. and whistles and the bluetooth and the air. conditioning and [ __ ] like go [ __ ] yourself you're not even being right. that's what i'm saying okay. okay this venue is. i it's got church. pews for seats so i'm like uh everyone thinks i'm just people just believe in the hype. is like to. me that's how i am with everything. i go i perform. in the dude it was the best. venue i've ever played. as a performer at least i got to. say it was so awesome. dude it's so i'm sitting there and i go out while lulu's on. stage and i walk out there. for a little bit and i'm in the crowd. and i'm like what the [ __ ] dude. how is it possible. that they make all these venues now. and they're not this good and this. one was made over a hundred years. ago yeah you would think yeah anyway. i'm getting off topic here because she wants to. know about the drums but uh yeah that's cool. that she play the conos and we were we were racist. i guess because we just thought the thing. about those drums and what she did. just like a quick demonstration i'm not kidding. there's no chance i could. learn how to do even the very first thing. she did i'm like the le i'm i'm already. not musically inclined like i put me. in front of a musical. instrument i have no idea what to. do also singing yeah that too for sure. but i'm a good singer. obviously okay well it's it's the rawness that comes. out so it's different. raw classically good no but is it. the rawest it is the rawest. okay so but like i i was thinking when she just said that. there's no way i could do. that you could and here's the drums. are the on the worst at. at uh percussion instruments. yeah mhm i tell you this. much yeah you you could learn how to. do it but however. there is one thing that's for damn. certain you will will never be able. to do that do what what you. did i know that it's not. that you can't it's just that. you won't oh it's i won't there's no way. a matalia would ever. be i want to. know how to play. an instrument but not i couldn't [ __ ] with those. yeah what instrument would you. play i would play the violin. and do the the thong song. all the time the violin. is [music] a guys. uh violin huh that's a good. choice maybe to. be like i would be like a great. person like a great artist. at this instrument you're saying. a great artist like i would be great. at so foreign i would be a great. artist a great artist. is not foreign great. artist is what everybody people say. all the time yeah i understand. but i'm saying what would you want. to learn how to. play that's it but i'm is it. just that i can play it. or that i'd be like really good at you. wouldn't be really good at it. man so this is not a hypothetical. this is just like do i want to. pick up an instrument is mattalia. what instrument would you want. to play who care none of them. i don't play any of them. wanted to play an instrument you. just said it dude. said it and forget. it what did i say. you said i want to. learn how to play. an instrument you said it. that's what started this whole. thing no i didn't i don't want to. learn how to play. an instrument what i didn't. say that did i make that up anthony. i might have said something. like that but i didn't say. something like it i might have said i think you said. that you i mean here's what we're going. to do we're going to. run the tape back it's not that you can't it's just that you won't oh it's i won't there's no way a mattalia would ever be the i want to. know how to play. an instrument but not i couldn't [ __ ] with those. yeah i want to. know how to play. an instrument but not i couldn't [ __ ] with those. yeah but i think what you said. was that you would like you like the idea. of it or you. you want to. be whatever you said dude. we don't know now at. this point we'll replay it but no matter what i said here's what is the truth. if i misspoke or didn't okay. uh i i don't want to. because i cannot do it. i've tried to in the past. i wish i had the capability. or the mind for it. then i would do it because music. instruments musical instruments. are the [ __ ] but like i don't have a single one i can even get remotely get to. hang up dude remember when mom would be like you're going. to want to. learn you're going to. want to learn. i'm going to get your piano. lessons you're going to. want to learn. you're going to be happy. that you did and i i i i did. piano lessons for a bit you know i did. like two different teachers and [ __ ] over and and she's like you're going to. thank me not only not only am i [ __ ] so happy that i didn't go through. with it so i could learn the piano. not only am i so happy. that i quit i'm upset. i wasted that much time. doing it that's funny. because she should have made me do it. cuz i feel the exact opposite. i wish i knew how to. play yeah dude i wish i knew how to. how to sit in front of a piano. and do something on it. because that's like a skill. that i because what do. you mean why why do people learn. how to play the piano. that's why do you want. to learn how to. twi plates no that's not something. okay plates that's not something. twirl plates no no because and also neither do most people asking me why i want to. know how to play. the piano as if it's ridiculous. thing when millions of people. know how to play. the piano yeah because their mom. made them that's not why people play piano. you think that someone's [ __ ] sitting in a piano bar. and that person's mom didn't make them. do it uh yeah i think that i think many many many thousands and most people who pick up. a piano didn't do just cuz their mom made. them i'm just saying i would really appreciate it. if i wish i never sat i wish i never sat at a piano. bench even for one. i wish i knew how to. play the piano even when you played. i was like damn i think that's cool. then why didn't you play. dude cuz i couldn't do it. oh that's defe i didn't have. the the brain for it. no i didn't decide i couldn't do. it i tried and couldn't do. it you tried for a little bit. you didn't try too much. you're right you i i didn't tiger woods. the whole [ __ ] endeavor you're right. all right hey i know that. sorry guys i'm just at work uh to. the guys you had on last week. uh here's some advice i can. give to them uh for the swedish. guy who's working in australia. uh you actually have to. claim that 750 on tax. like officially speaking so just say to. the lady listen i have to. actually put all tips. on tax uh so you have to. pay me my normal wage. or else that'll be flagged uh. by the ato which is technically true. and you could get recorded actually did. happened to a friend. of mine uh which is a bit. of a mess okay. so the other guy who has his uh neighbor. who's driving into. his parking spot just put a whole heap of eggs. just go down the store grab some eggs. put a whole heap of eggs. down your side. of the parking spot m. just leave them there ride. on them do not move. do not touch m and then uh if he touches them if he runs. over them just leave him. a note being like hey don't touch my eggs hold. on what was it parking. oh wait what was it. again yeah the guy has what was what the what the original. guy called inf yeah. yeah yeah i think it was some guys. parking in his spot right. no it was some guys. parking badly next to. him in his spot right. right but then what was the eggs. thing is this guy [ __ ] talking about he's adding eggs don't he's adding eggs loves eggs. dude he's just adding eggs he didn't need. to add anything but he added. eggs he's what you do. go get eggs thanks this [ __ ] worst guy friend's like i got to. headache hey i make you some eggs. what ah i'm just going. to put some eggs near. you i'll put some eggs. near you and there you go your headache's gone probably sometime let me know cuz the eggs be like no it's just a day it was yesterday why did he bring eggs into. this dude he wakes up in the middle. he wakes up the next morning. there's eggs near him. he had it gone wait why. the egg thing made me forget. the first thing oh the the the guy. the the australian taxing tip. yeah okay yeah i didn't hear. a word he said about that. to be perfectly. honest did you that guy. the the the the other taxing thing. this guy that just did that. video i didn't hear a word. he said about the whole video. yeah oh that's amazing yeah. uh i i don't know about the the the taxing thing. uh he has to. claim it i guess but that doesn't change the fact. about what the guy. this isn't what the guy. was talking about yeah it's like that. may be true right. but like the person the daughter. was it in the last episode. right i think the daughter. like still was being a giant. prick yeah i mean you said something that isn't what it's about so that's so you not only said something that it about you then brought up a whole. other scenario that another caller. called in about wasn't about. and brought eggs in for absolutely. no reason so come up. to me a problem this. is that guy come me. with a problem someone else who knows. that guy call in about that. guy and the problems that he causes. in your life cuz he definitely causes them. but tell me a problem. that you have and then i'll i'll tell you how this is how that guy. responds problem yeah uh i got this. like i don't know what's going. on but it's like a pain. from the top of my shoulders. down my spine just like sh. sharp pain yeah okay. so you know when like it's summer. you got to wear a tshirt. it's like hot out and then like as it gets cooler. you're going to want. on a sweater mhm. what about eggs also you can eat eggs. yeah yeah right yeah that's true. okay i'll try that yeah. that guy's i don't know. i just don't know about that. the last guy yeah but i i do like his energy. and his disposition but what was but what was he ever. talking about his energy. and his disposition was. he ever talking about you know. was talking about i bet. he gets the whole thing of when people say. god don't i know you from somewhere. i bet that guy gets that. so i didn't know him. from somewhere much you thought you knew him. from somewhere and you didn't i didn't you're right. but i thought i thought i did i actually think the the guy. he looks like is a guy. that we both know po. i'm not going to. mention right oh okay cool. sounds good go ahead. next one oh who is guy. boys i've got a quick one for you. especially since you both enjoy. movies and you're in the film. industry um i he his hair. is so much better. like this he look great. okay that that's what i'm noticing. what did his hair us he had really long. hair and we were like the [ __ ] it was all flowing oh right and then he called in again. this is the third time. this is the third you know. you know what hair he had the hair. that that skeleton has on his shirt. i think it's a hood but that's what it. looked like okay wow wow terrible. okay uh all right cool. can't get over hair and facial. hair haircuts and movies particularly. the ones that are in like you know. someone's been gone for a long. time or a medieval. movie or something i'm particularly. talking about this show called. see with jason m mo it's. actually ridiculously good i feel like no. one watched it but oh it's good. it's about blind. people and what are essentially the dark. ages and they have the greatest. haircuts and it's like yeah it. it's just such a suspension from like reality. and it breaks it for me. i guess maybe no one else gives a [ __ ] but anyway curious. what you guys think about hair. in movies when it does. not um really line. up with what you'd expect from that. era or setting or envir. let me know what you think. here's what happens because when you go. to set they cut your hair. almost every time and they make it fresh and then you're in like a middle. ages thing and you you're just like you know. what i mean all quaffed and [ __ ] and they're like i'm not going to. live much longer i have the gout and you're like your hair's. dope and they have product in it. yeah i mean they want yeah. your feet are all. [ __ ] up but your hair is amazing. the problem there's like a this. is like a symptom of like a bigger issue. that i have when people criticize. something for not being realistic they're the first. of all no movie that's in history has been realistic that's one. i i agree that i agree. with that and so when people buy but what i'm saying. is people overlook things like that. what do you mean. they o they overlook things like this. guy's talking about oh got it. okay they don't think of that. kind of [ __ ] and they should or like when some like workingclass person's got a giant new york. city apartment like that's just taken. in stride because like friends. like the people those people lived in would be like $10. million a month and it's just like these people are unemployed actors but it's never addressed you know. people say they care about realism. stop pretending you'll enjoy stuff a lot. more realism sucks nothing. is realistic so you're saying it's okay. things no oh i'm i'm saying well sure i guess but what i'm saying. is it's a hypocrisy people. say they value realism first and foremost. and they absolutely do not. nothing about their [ __ ] is i agree. i agree i agree uh i i want to. go though and uh i think that it's okay. by the way i'm bleeding. so much my figure i got to. hang down it's bleeding. so much i think that um what i think is that it. it's no movie should ever i don't. like that whole slice of life. realness type of movie usually because of that. because let's see how real this. is and it's still fake. like nobody's doing what john. cavetti did you know what i'm saying. like that was just straight. up that was real right. and but like this like don't make the [ __ ] you're you're it it you're fighting. an uphill battle it's okay. to make it you know. you have the uh who's the guy. who did uh the here's johnny. movies uh stanley kubrick and uh. you have david lynch you don't all. have to be like that. but those movies are awesome. and they're not real at all. and i love that. [ __ ] yes right so the second you're like yeah but realism and now that's not how it really would be that drives me nuts when people in movies like oh that wouldn't be be really that's not how it is oh oh it isn't no [ __ ] we're watching a movie movies aren't supposed to. be realistic if they were they'd all suck. what sucks is a lot. of times the even the filmmakers. will do movies like transformers. and be like yeah but that's not real. enough i know and then that's that's why. those movies are [ __ ] awful. but that's what that's like a guiding. principle of many filmmakers and many. audiences and critics. and everything it's [ __ ] totally unan batman it's like it's like dude. you don't have to. make this real you don't need to. make batman realistic it's weird. please don't it's [ __ ] batman. it's [ __ ] batman it's weird. that chris made and i i love chrisan but it was weird. that he made this realism batman. and now all superheroes are like yeah. they're in this real city. that this is really happening. and and the joker doesn't look. like the joker anymore. he's a little bit you know. less makeup and more how real life joker would look it's like so odd. to me yeah it's really. odd yeah but you like it though. oh i watch it i don't like them. i i the have you watched. the dark knight the christopher nolan movie. the again oh again. what do you mean. again they i everyone says his are the best. and just oh for sure. do not hold up to. me it's so who do you like the best. the the tim burton ones you're saying no well those are great. those are awesome but the best. one is the new one. i think with robert patson oh really oh yeah. 100% geez wow it's so awesome. i didn't finish it so i can't. really speak to. it but i was not feeling it. when i was rober patt. is so cool he's cool. yeah all right uh i i don't like that. i don't i don't like that. at all i agree with this. guy so much it would be like that. guy's hair in like [ __ ] you know game. of thrones or i guess. the game of thrones doesn't matter. because it's so fictitious but like yeah um abraham lincoln the [ __ ] movie with what's it called. dan lewis dan lewis we'll talk. about realism you know it's like probably didn't wash his hair. for like i know it's disgusting. hey you're disgusting. all right cool love you. guys both i got a quick. uh jordan with the sl. i the run i mean how much pause. it how much is this. guy dressed like he did something. very illegal like dealing with money. and like this is how he looks the moment. he he decided to. look different like he cut all. of his hair off he shaved. everything except this little patch. of dirt on his chin. he got big sunglasses and a hat and he had like used to. have like long hair. you know and a beard and that's like his mom's. sweatshirt okay go ahead when we were in high school. we were at the lunch. table and our buddy. was uh talking about his piss crank. shout out to will sasso. for that term he hit us. with a double negative you. know he had he hit the negative. so we thought a positive was coming and when it didn't it. was the best he goes. you know my uh my piece it. ain't the longest but by golly. it is the thinnest and we we cried. laughing for about 10 minutes straight so hard. to we like you laugh. so hard and you know you can't. hear one more funny thing. cuz you'll literally expire. so you're like shutting your eyes. and like plugging your ears. sing and so now whenever we're somewhere. and we like to. hit a double negative. you know we'll be eating. at a restaurant and be like man. this steak you know. it ain't the most seasoned. but by golly it is the driest right. yeah so uh let me know. what you guys think uh r. what do you think his [ __ ] mind what do i think about what is that. a jordan with the slime. is that a jordan with the slime. i wish i had pen and paper to. do a diagram but that is uh 0% like a jordan okay. but why though um because it isn't weird. yeah it's too much. of a blue it's not. a joke that a guy. told it's a [ __ ] too coherent i'm pissed. it's a [ __ ] people don't really get the jordan with the slam. it's not just something that you remember. it's not just god damn it. now i'm pissed see what i'm saying. yeah yeah you were so easy. on the guy and i get it. he's on the run it's hard. to be on the run. he's a criminal but look he's great. guy this has nothing to. do he's a great guy. this guy's a great guy. but he's not getting it. right most people don't get the what the what. are they missing how do we what. do we do they want to. make sense i'll tell you why. this is so this is so [ __ ] okay but we live a life of play in the world of comedy. okay especially me it's not. something you can figure out. because it wouldn't be as funny. to us if it was because it needs. to be a little more. out there because we are advanced in comedy. okay so most people think well i got to. make sense of it it's got to. be funny so it's a joke. it's not it's just something and now. we got people listening right. now that are like i know. what it is i i got i got it. and you may you might but you also may not if it makes too much. sense it makes no sense. that he kept going. joh with the slam the reason. why it was funny. is because it was like why. the [ __ ] is he doing this. it made no sense so now i told matt. and now his you know mo. you know what t with the sl. is three decades later yeah right. right it's it's it's not a non secor because it's much. more than that but in a way. one of its qualities is very nonsecular is it's like when someone is doing something. that is unclear as to. why yeah and it's like especially when there's like bombast and like a weird. like sharp tone of voice. to it like he was putting on a higher. voice we didn't know why. and it was like and then it when it dicks. that's all that really happened. with the justin mckim thing. it was like yeah it's stuck. because he told us and we thought it. was funny and then we kept doing it. over years it just ended up being a thing. that we would do without even. thinking about what it. was like we'd see a michael jordan jersey. and think it and then say it yes good point. i don't like that that guy. said all that stuff i'm pissed. see you i mean you weren't. even pissed at the beginning. hey have you guys ever spoken. to that guy cuz you have talked about this. so much here on congratulations. like does no yeah that's a no. i i haven't talked to justin in a long. time he hasn't dm'd or anything. like i know i saw his social media. he posted like six pictures and it's like a [ __ ] it's always so sad. when you find the person you're looking. for and you're like yes and then you look and they haven't posted. like 2018 you're like oh they're they're never going. to check mhm yep right. a lot of people that you haven't. looked at up in a long. time are now conspiracy theorists. yeah well especially cuz if you haven't heard from them. in a while m then you look radar. that's why okay this. is why i haven't heard of them. yet um but anyway uh i i a re let's just look at the positive. the one of the reasons why it was like a child. with the slime is because they keep doing. it and it keep it keeps recurring that's what i was going. to give yeah yeah okay. yeah yeah right but that is maybe that's what people. are missing about it's not just that. no it's not just something. you remember and repeat and and with a goop. that it and then it becomes sort of like an inside. joke it's not all it is is also that but that's like the last thing. that it is there are other things. that it is i hope people. don't find this jordan with the slam. thing too crazy that they don't. that they're like what is this. podcast and flip it off although people were i can't believe how much people liked the jordan with the slam. thing last episode people like things. that people care about and people like things. that are specific to. certain people this is insanely. specific to us and people do here's the thing. everybody does have stuff like this. i know but the people that have sent. videos and they don't they're not filing. it the right a lot. of people they don't realize though. they don't has aord with slam. thing and it just labeled. the wrong because one of the reasons. why you have a jordan with the slam. thing is because you realize oh that's a jordan with the slam. thing and then you tell each other. and you're like oh [ __ ] this is becoming a jordan with the slam. thing many people i bet. do not have that kind of a thing. that it exists in their life i bet. but no you're that's like a chicken. chicken of the egg thing what you just. said how like oh i mean. we we don't have to. we can call it. whatever we want but it's a jordan with the slam. thing because just mckim kept saying. mckinnon kept saying b. jordan with the slam and we were like what the hell. is he doing like that. is just what it was. like people i guarantee you. that guy but but it's not a jord with the slam. thing unless then it is repeated. and said oh we did. it again and then we did. it j with the slam and then next week. j with the slam and now it. has solidified itself as a j. with the slam thing wow. okay okay and i'm very very very very very very very passionate. about this i can see that. yeah i can see that. all right should we get one. more stop getting them wrong i don't think there's ever been. a jordan with the slam thing. that people told us about here's what we want. get it right and make a video and send it it'll be fun. if it's wrong though. too i don't know if it's right. somebody's going to take a chance. and be like i don't know if it's right. and be right so don't not send it make take that. video and send it we want people to. get it right and we want to. see someone get it. right do you know. es skib huh tell. about es skip i don't know. es sounds familiar so i told this. story of my podcast but when i was at i would go. to bob's big boy almost every night. i would get the bob's big boy. burger do you know about that. disgusting but i was also 20. i was also 23. why do you think that's funny. mar i'm gonna kick his ass. tell me the truth come. on i think it's funny. that he thinks it's disgusting. but also that you ate a burger. every day that that is disgusting. is the word did it. but i was also 23. it's okay wow that's defensive. god so um so the guy would come up. the the hawaiian or samoan uh waiter. would come up and say what do. you want you know like really short. okay like he had an accent. yes whatever i would say i want it. i would mostly get the burger. sometimes i would get the stir. fry sometimes i would get the you know whatever i said he would say es skip. the hell does that. mean es skib es skib. i mean i really really leaned in to. try and understand you never asked. him no and i really regret. it how could you not. i think you'll answer that. question but i will answer it. it was too funny and i wanted. to figure it out myself. but like you didn't figure it. out i didn't but one day years. later i came up with a really good theory okay. you want to. know the worst part about. it you forgot it completely. and i don't remember what the theory. was and i was so sure that that's what it. was and now i'm pissed. off and how much do you hate. when people say couldn't have been that. good of a theory well. that that's that's those people honestly. deserve to d of fire. but but but i think cuz you forget. really important [ __ ] really important. [ __ ] you forget your bank. password that's so important. all right so right. right right yeah it's like i mom. used to say. that all the time i could have been important. that's like a saying though. that's like one of those like what's interesting. is that people say that. to try to. make you feel better yeah. it makes you feel worse. it does yeah you're like no. it's important i was [ __ ] thinking of it. yeah and so so now the guy has said skip. and i don't know what he said. and i'm pissed is skip. i think he might have said it's good. it's good it wasn't that. because i would lean in and it was not that you're just like let skip. i'll have the bob's big boy. you lean in real fast yeah. calvin does that that's cute. he leans into. me cool man he leans into. me and he goes and he goes he angles. my head to watch. something watch watch this. he goes wow yeah wow. uh so and then bob's big boy. uh the waiter that i used to. love all the time. his name was uh kevin he was maybe 45 um i loved that. dude man we would we would both. [ __ ] and uh i found out years later. he died of cancer i mean. dude that is the worst. that is actually wait i'm thinking. about it more and more yeah that is the worst. story you could ever tell to. like on a show you know a comedy. show like that that is just unbelievably bad. he was so sad. nothing good for about it. he looked so like healthy. and [ __ ] and he look he was so80s movie star he was goodlooking. not really but like nic looking you. know he just died i i i i stopped going. to bob's big boy you know. i moved a little bit further. and then i came back one day. and i was like hey so where's kevin and they're like oh really yeah like the wow. okay geez yeah i was reading. about a guy but but anyway es skib. is a thing like slam. a skib is and some of my friends. know what skib is i thought. you knew what es i don't. know what a skib is now. i don't like bob's big boy. and i never did so i don't know. it's gross mentally or the the way. it tastes it tastes okay. i just yeah the vibe there. is scary the vibe scary. yeah it's like i go there. out the big boy outside like with the gay. the way you're saying it. the big boy outside yeah uh all right. man the big boy outside. you got to suck. off you know and you finish. and you're like a skip. are we doing one. more or not no i mean. whatever dude you done. but but also it's too hot. so that's cool okay so we'll turn we'll stop and then we'll take a take a little cold. air on us right. so far and yeah so insecure. the way you're laughing all. right cool well that's lifeline. we appreciate you sign. up for lifeline luxury. there's an episode out today. go over to lifeline luxury you go. to patreon dot com lifeline. lxury why wouldn't you put on the home. screen that's crazy and then uh you go uh you see me in pittsburgh. you see me in cleveland. you see me in uh a bunch of different. cities chris lea dot com. going to be at fort. mys in orlando and reading and also philadelphia chia dot com. if you got a question go to. the link below it's watch lifeline. dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline it's below. and uh send us a video we love sending you. we love getting the videos. man or followup videos. are great too you want. a oneonone session though. if you want a oneonone session. you get go to. mata dot com and book. one with me yours. truly your secrets are. safe with me and get the merch. lifeline merch dot com. get every piece wear it. every time you leave the house. because you never know. when your house is going. bur get colder out. so that could be cool. yeah need cut me off. but it's and also leave a me leave a message. on under under underneath make a like like and subscribe. and all that stuff we we love. it we love it. when i was finishing you cut me. off it all good. but it was the very end and you did that ah okay. sick guys hello hello hello. hello hello hello hello 