 foreign lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional [music] hello. hello [music] chris does. when he puts the time on he goes. like this so [ __ ] but that's the sh it is we've talked about this before so it's kind of the both. wasn't sure what shirt i should wear wore this. wanted to wear this one. at only this one but it's a little bit chilly. so i put this one on you lose. that you look like you just went through. wardrobe on a show about high schoolers. [laughter] you do what look. at you look you're just like weird. al on vacation uh no you gave me this. sound me i did give it to. you i have so many tiedye things but this is the best one and you forgot it myself. too dude let's talk about this. guys brea california i'll be. there tonight uh portland. oregon seattle washington i got one. show sold out the other one is uh january. 22nd lakeland florida daytona beach oh it's so small. thank you very much jacksonville. florida is small dude. oh wow i just added milwaukee. i just added salt lake. city so get your tickets. get the good seats chicago. sugar land austin [ __ ] columbus texas. boise boise salt lake. city uh so that's what's up. that's what we're doing with the uh. with the tour the don't push me. tour go get your ticket. to chrysalia dot com. chrisley dot com thank you very. much and if you want to. talk to me mano. amano mantoman woman to. man uh oneonone if you know what i'm saying. go to mattelia dot com. and book your session with me. had some really sort of wet and wild. ones this last week it. was crazy hey i'm at a water. park what do i do. some very personal stuff. that i was uh able. to help out with cool. that's great uh you want to. go get the merch. you go to lifelinemerch dot com. we got new merch. coming so that's what's up. we got to talk. about got to talk. about that off air uh and uh that's what's up. like and subscribe we're changing. the name of the channel. because it's shadow band unbelievably because it has the word it'll be changed by. this comment okay so welcome. to super good we changed. it just very very minimally does that. what we change it. to yep okay and you know. that so uh so it's all good. we don't really read. texts from you so shitty. um so so what we're gonna do is we changed it. yep so that's it. so like and subscribe and we did. it dude um was it shadow. man because it had the word. colton for sure yeah that's really stupid. um so here's the deal. we uh it's been absolutely a. [ __ ] mess outside i don't know where it is how it's been when you where you live yeah it's been terrible but the power went out. been terrible all across the country. and we're getting the ass. end of it got it. so uh my power went out. 9 a.m it just goes. like this gone right. i knew it was out. because why because the sound machine. wasn't on anymore. and kristen loves a sound machine. okay it just goes and i'll go. power's probably out looked power. was out so then you mean. you figured it out the way. everyone in history has figured it out. oh no interesting i don't mean. that you know why because of how because of how the the darkness. it was already the dark. poetry it was the darkness. because we didn't have any lights. on dude because we didn't have. any lights on because we didn't wake up. yet because we don't wake up. past nine because calvin sleeps till like 10. 30. yeah but i'm what i'm saying. is everyone figures out the power. went off when they realize a device. that is usually on is. not my [ __ ] is like how do you figure it out. if all the devices are off when the only device. that was on was the sound machine. and it wasn't like the sound it. was like that's how but it wasn't like there. was a noise that was being made it. was like there was no noise. that was being made so i did. it in like a good way. and like oh wait a minute. usually there's a sound but now there's not a sound that's how everyone figures out this. the power's off no dude. if the power's off that's how they figure it out. so anyway i'm just saying i did it. with deductive reasoning waking up knowing something. was off because i have the gift. of fear and i know what's up. right okay i have that woman's intuition. and so which woman um so what i so what i deduced. was oh [ __ ] it's going to. be a day right. guess what gate wouldn't open. cars were stuck inside but also wasn't it. already pouring there was like we were in the middle. of a cyclone it was getting to. that right so then obviously you knew the power. was out all the more reason. to know but also but mostly it. was the sound machine thing but then also i heard yes there was a so i go. i go i look outside. dude it wasn't like [ __ ] uh the water. was coming down the street it. was like a river. was coming down the street yeah. and it was unbelievable. and i go like this. i'm [ __ ] i just like this we're [ __ ] all day yeah depending upon where you in la there's a lot of places you can live if it rains like that you're just you're basically out. of commission for at least a couple days yeah you're stuck. where you are because the roads close. and it's so like windy and already to. get to that if one of those roads closes. hundreds of people are just totally screwed and also check this. out and also check this out they don't um everyone's like well it's good la needed. it dude la can take about four. inches of rain and then they the rest of it. it doesn't help la. because they don't they don't have the irrigation system. all set up if they could figure out. if they when they built the city they've when they built la in every phase including up all the way up to. roads and highways yeah they built it as if it not rains infrequently they built it as if it never rains which is idiotic. why because every play it rains. everywhere at least sometimes it rains. everywhere at least sometimes so they actually built the freeways like this instead of everywhere else where you build them like this i know because it's obvious so the ring goes that way and you don't slip and slide on the road it's getting really hard to. live in la it's getting really hard. to want to. stay in la and that's why. i'm moving 30 minutes away. to [ __ ] cool la. canada cool more bounce to. the ounce more bounce to. the ounce nope what do you mean. why you even did that. like josh groban no you. even did more bounce to. the ounce like joshua flavor. that i do it dude. yeah it's the groban flavor. more about to. the ounce dude you don't appreciate my style. of singing you're absolutely because we grew up. together dude no it's because you're just used to. it because it sucks. so many people hit me. up about just do singing. videos no no one has just do singing. videos no one's ever done. that dude quit your day. job just do singing. videos no well we'll do that. to me though for real okay. they put in requests so now. you know what they want me. to do pearl jam stuff. no no stone temple pilot stuff. so look it rained like a shitstorm i mean. it's still gonna be raining a little bit. but we're happy that. it's kind of done raining. it did oh it is done. i don't think it's done. i think it might be done. by the time this comes out. is what i'm saying by. the time this comes down. it'll yes it'll actually have just ended that's what i do. because i'm smart that. was smart that was the first. time that was the first smart. thing you've ever done. yeah tonight i'm not gonna. be i mean right. it's because we're filming it. wednesday but i know i'm gonna be in bray on sunday. so i say tonight you only did that. better than me because you're more. used to doing podcasts. because you've been doing podcasts. for 37 years that's not i have not been doing. podcasts since i was four hey guys i'd like to. talk about legos what's up. with these new ones. um so uh yeah so anyway we're here i'm glad you're here i'm glad i'm here. we're having a good time and so the power. was out kristen and i and calvin we hightailed it. to the [ __ ] into. a hotel and we stayed in a hotel. okay and we had a really [ __ ] honestly rip. around good time okay because calvin. loved being in a hotel. and it was really fun. dude and we got room. survey and it was what i was gonna do that. too is that a thing. we do well it's i think it's boom. mommy mommy right but why do we both want. to do that we have done. that before okay a long. long time ago we used to. go on vacation together and then what is it. because we the room service. bangs on the door i. don't know if it's really bang. my door but anyway wow. that's so rusty foreign how on everybody's. ass you are about how they use salt. you're like that with me. you're like with somebody across the room. while you're recording it's like it's robocop. yeah what is a consult. like them [ __ ] so [ __ ] drop it what is that shoot the [ __ ] salt out but it goes remember the [ __ ] in robocop when he shoot when he's like this and he shoots the wall and it [ __ ] ricochets off the guy that kills him like that do you remember that no but that's cool yeah so that is cool um robocop's great it is great so but no but what was i saying though i'm on people's ass because you put salt on one way like this but so on my way i'm like this you know how you put the salt on you know how you put the salt on and you know how it is it's very trying to. believe that i do wait. hang on it's so dainty he goes like this. yeah man that's [ __ ] [ __ ] so you get it out the right amount you're not just like [ __ ] haphazard to. the ounce did you don't do. it haphazard like this. that's stupid you [ __ ] up your food. no when you have the finesse when you have the way. to finesse that is finesse no that's not funny. like this it's not it's jerky. finessing it is this is jerky jerky off finessing it is like this dude i take the salt i lay it in my hand. i just lay it like i don't even. [ __ ] with it like i just lay it it's not even like i'm holding it and then i just [ __ ] finesse it over the plate. of pasta like what's your other. hand doing there what is that it's balancing. you're not even holding it i'm holding. it like this i'm finessing. it and i'm keeping my my weight. nice so i'm just putting it on the salad. like that i'm putting it on like that. and but by the way i saw cookies. i saw lots of [ __ ] you saw i know what's up dude have you ever put salt on chocolate chip cookies. no i've had salt on chocolate. chip cookies chocolate chip cookies a mexican. folklore uh demon to. cookies okay hey go to. sleep now before jacob that. was just such like a brain. uh uh you know fart. what what ideas can you check for. two cookies under my bed. yeah okay sure oh he's not there. but go to sleep. i mean mexicans don't talk like that. you know well yeah have you seen. trading day they speak spanish you. know what you know what mexicans. for real listen to. more than anything yeah more bounce. no to the outside. probably francisco says the papa francisco. thing no i'm sick mexican. but i'm saying like mexican like american. mexicans dude they listen to. the [ __ ] papa francisco makes a joke. about they can be what's the joke. it's you can be as hard. as you you can be the hardest. [ __ ] if you're mexican but they still listen to. that same old music. yeah but anyway dude. um so anyway what were we talking about right. before that i lay it on. like that and i balance. all my other hands that's a [ __ ] it's not dude. if you're at a restaurant. you see me doing the salt. you go like this oh [ __ ] he's got it down i get no what else does he know um i would like to. announce something can i do. that before we even get into. the show sure let me get comfortable. fall asleep i am having another. well no we are having another baby. we're having another baby and it's a boy. how awesome is that i'm excited we're excited thank you. very much uh uh you know. for your support and all that. we can't wait to. to uh to have this baby. boy do you we have two. things in uh mind one is firestorm one. is megatron not raiden raiden no and then we also have another name vin diesel. we might call vin diesel. delete that's good um i'm already. m diesel so vin diesel. dalia or firestorm dalia okay. um we do have some names. picked out yeah but we're not sure yet. well everyone who's about to. have a baby has some names. picked up if you noticed that's not what i asked. i asked if you have a name. picked up we have a name everyone has some names. we have a name picked out twice. right on two different occasions. you have a name yeah. yeah yeah we like two. names so okay. we'll see what happens. dude well congratulations thank you very. much and it's very good you obviously. already knew this i did. um not because i told him. because you're a clairvoyant and it was amazing. no i'm an ob gyn. i could tell yep uh um all right. so guys uh you know. second congratulations in the comments. thank you very much i appreciate that. i'm sure you're saying it. so i appreciate all. your comments wow uh getting a little ahead. of yourself so uh let's get it. the way it does question. does calvin know yeah he does. what does he say he knows. he's gonna be a big brother. he was eating by himself. the other day he says i'm gonna be the best. big brother hmm eating just eating pasta. and then he says uh is the baby. in mama's belly i mean. he's pretty smart then. he knows yeah it's really smart. it's pretty crazy dude okay. so we'll see how he how he is they say. i wonder if he's gonna get jealous. and [ __ ] you know you did but yeah you would bump me in the doors and my head would hit doorknobs and [ __ ] it was funny you didn't make it it wasn't a joke. to you though you would knock me my body. knock me body and i would slam. my head into the doorknob. because that's how how tall i was yeah. so i good on me. for realizing your height. and no knowing that the doorknob. would rico your hair no company shoots. a thing but i will tell you what. i would do what well. one thing that made me laugh. so hard when you were running. around and we'll get to. the episode but we're having a lot. of good time bullshitting. i would take the big. pillows off the couch wing them at your head. oh just the right weight. that you would hit and then try to. catch her and and you'd be walking like six steps. and then fall down dude. i would be cool how old was i i don't know. man i remember you talking. about that but i don't remember doing. it four okay three so that probably added. about two or three. years of therapy to. my life that's cool uh all right. cool well let's get into. the thing uh feeling good. we're having a good time beautiful. hair i love the show. quick question for you so friends. and family are always asking to. hang out always asking to. do stuff constantly so popular. i don't want to. do that [ __ ] i got my own stuff. i like to do yeah. steve buscemi i just need your opinion. what's the best way. to not uh the way. he's talking seemed like a dick. when i'm telling him. no because right now uh s i'm a dick. yeah yeah steve buscemi. wow stephen that's what i was saying tell them. you're on set making a movie. because you're steve buscemi. yeah be like sorry i'm busy. being young steve buscemi um he for sure. is uh that's a spin move. mentality for sure thing. no no but i don't think i don't think you're being a dick. you're not being a dick. because i'm like that too. i don't know be a person. be a person be a person that your family. and friends your loved ones. know yeah and by being that person. that they know be the kind of person. that they don't even ask so. you know i remember when you guys. would have game night and you guys. texted hey you coming to. game night and the group chat. and i was like i never asked. you no no him and i was like what. the [ __ ] well you guys are already talking about it's like what are you talking. about we have game night. i really for how long years. i had no idea because my friends. [ __ ] know me and that made me so happy. that you didn't invite me. to that [ __ ] [ __ ] whatever you were playing parchesia or who cares the other thing is we didn't want you to. come you did no so that. was our other i don't know. if that's true man um yeah no i just think you need to. you're you need to. get it out of your head. that you're being a dick. yeah and and just because someone thinks you're a dick. doesn't mean that you are oh man. preach people will call you a dick. for a lot of reasons in fact. one of those reasons is you don't do what they want. you to preach okay. stop it but it but you know uh enjoy just keep that. in mind when people call you a dick. you're unless you're being a dick. this sounds really stupid but it's true. if you think about it or it's it's insightful. if you think about it you're not a dick. if you're not being a dick. you can be a dick. and then everyone knows you're a dick. poetry yeah but if someone doesn't get what they want. from you and they think it'll be fun. and you say i don't want to. do it they're going to. call you a dick. but they're not right yeah let's put a bunch of marshmallows in our mouths. i mean no one. suggested so you say no. no dick yeah i want. to i don't i don't i don't. know but it's about boundaries dude. set your boundaries man be like you know. what i don't want to. hang out and it's all good. love you don't don't pressure me. right but don't you could just say that. all the first part you don't say. it don't pressure of course not but if they do then you'll be like don't if they're like come. on be like nah i don't want to. you make me feel bad i don't. like that oh block. okay we don't need to. do anything just say no thanks. love you we'll hang out. some other time but here's what i think. honestly if somebody says come on man. it'll be fun you go. you write one month and they say. what's that and you say that's the amount. that now we are not talking. no that's your huge dick. i mean i think it. would be fun two months. i want to. add more are you telling him. how to be a dick. or no because here's the thing. you need to. respond accordingly if someone's like ah but come on we're all going and [ __ ] this and that one month congratulations would you like to. add more no that's not good. but i just because that person is not trying. to be a dick. and ron really wants. you to come two months. would you like to. add more no no. that's so bad i think that you just need to. know you're not a dick. yeah you're not and then that seem like he might be a dick. honestly at the end i was like he's he's maybe a day. yeah yeah because steve. buscemi is good at playing [ __ ] yep so it kind of influenced my thinking yep there. we go yeah that's much. better okay i got it okay. cool it's like the halo effect. but just the bishop effect. worst effect let's do another one. what's up chris what's up. man an amalgamation of every guy i know here's what's going. on i just moved in northern utah. and i'm having a hard. time dating here because a lot of the girls. up here are mormon. and i am not mormon. so i met a girl. the other day at a party thanksgiving. party dry party you know. there's some crazy going. on but she was super cute. super down to earth. super likable but she has this affiliation with the mormon. church i have a hard time. understanding if i should conform to. that to be with this. girl you know i mean what so let me know what you guys. think about that informing to. another person's beliefs to. to date them thanks. uh it's i mean absolutely. not what what that is the longest. foot val kilmer in the saint. you need to. start dating the person. and then once you realize oh this. could really work then you consider that. you don't consider that before. date one yeah so backwards. and if she wants you to. consider that before day. one then she's crazy hey you're cute. want to be mormon. yeah oh yeah it doesn't work. like that i don't know. who put it in this. guy's head that well you should think like that. or that it's okay to. think like that the mormons but that's okay. stop but that's completely abnormal yeah. to think that way and to. be ex he's saying it like it's totally normal. yeah because they're brainwashing him. and that's the [ __ ] thing over there. he lives in provo or some [ __ ] and they're like well you know i mean look you don't have. to be but it's great. look at how friendly. we are look at the chicks. they got more bounce to. the ouch did you like some turkey by the way. want to be mormon. put these underpants on. and come into. our church didn't someone try to. make you mormon once dude. many times no like they showed you a video. and everything right yes oh really yes many times what. do you mean many times i let them. have at it how many times have you been courted. by the mormon so many times i'm not. even bullshitting man oh yeah. i guess you have i've dated many. mormons yeah and they all try. to convert me dude. and i've i've been friends with many mormons because i don't. judge yeah right yeah. obviously and so when i was friends. with the mormons they'd be like why. don't you watch this. video i watched the video it's the worst. movie of all time i'm like okay. not just friends with partners what friends. dude friends and i gave it a good. college try i was like look all right. maybe it'll be good because i'm mr. openminded right so wait how many times have they put the whole croissant press. on you the full court. press yeah maybe twice a full court okay but the the like a half. court kind of yeah yeah yeah zone defense. 12. what yeah yep all same. person different times no different. people some different some different. times yep the one time. i got into deep. trouble with a mormon kid. that i was friends. with uh it was in high school. and i told them. that he he looked mormon. and he got really mad about his morning. yeah cool and he got really. mad and i in retrospect i realized understandably he got mad. because i was like profiling him. and his people but well at the time. blonde and fairskinned yes okay at the time. he was like what do. you mean i look more i was like well. i don't know like use his name. brigham you look mormon. no his name was fun. okay well done you look. more mentally and he said he got kept getting more and more mad he's like what is that supposed. to mean was that supposed. to mean i was like what do. mormons look like and i was like you. yeah dude look at that. hey dude go in the bathroom. and look above the sink. yeah yeah uh i realized my the error. in my way is in retrospect but at the time. i was like they look like you because every moment. i've met looks like you profiling. is profiling because profiling is a thing. and sometimes you can just kind of yeah. i mean it's like a cliche sometimes a cliche yeah i'm in provo and they look at all. these blonde hair guys well we're obviously not in the [ __ ] uh village of the damned. these are mormons yeah right. yeah yeah yeah so and it's okay. but you know profile away. sometimes profile profile me i don't. give a [ __ ] right yeah but the argument would be that that's your privilege. speaking oh right the argument would be that yeah the argument from cox okay well right going downhill. fast yeah but it's fine. dude so what i'm saying. is um uh doesn't even. know what he's saying change don't change. your [ __ ] religion because you saw someone yeah yeah at a party do it you felt good with the [ __ ] you know what i mean like oh this is all right you know you know he in his head he's like haven't doing those he's a mouse oh wow and then someone came so high pitched the reasoning. what's up oh hey what's up. oh hey we're hitting it off. they're probably not even hitting it. off he just thinks he is she's probably. like well i would never hang out. with this civilian do you think she actually. said yeah i think he's making it. all up making it all up. yeah she didn't do that. he's got the face of a guy. he does he's got a face. that looks like every guy and everyone's ever. met all put together my point. is just meet her maybe hang out. with her have a coffee. with her you can't right. because they don't turn caffeine. but go to have berries. with her somewhere and then you know feel it out. if you like it and be like hey let's hang out again. and she's like i don't know because and then be like look i'm kind of openminded. you know maybe you have that. video that crystallia saw you know. i guess it wouldn't be a vhs anymore. is a long time. what was it was it the same. thing something called like god's army. it wasn't that but something like that was it. the same one that they showed you but there was a recruitment. video no it was a movie. that was supposed to. be it was like something that you know. it was like something like one of the first tapes. that they would have burned. if there was a revolution because like oh we can't have propaganda. wow yeah okay but it was the same. one what does that mean. i'll tell you what it. means okay even though. it's utterly obvious with it. the same one it happened 12. times to you oh the full. core press is different thing they didn't. know so the two times two full core. presses the same video no they showed me one time. they showed me a video and then they showed you. cliffhanger sat me down and talked to. me oh no video in a church. no video no video they just did. like a play version of it. wow dude in the church. huh in the church. dude they let you in and you can go in the church. you can't go in the you can't. go in like the temples. where the party's at you can. go in the church you can't. go in the temples what's the difference the temples. are like where you get married. and they're very sacred the church. is like where you can. go and people can get recruited. um i didn't know there was a difference yep. god mormons huh well. no all of the religions. what what does that mean. they're just insane dude yeah but some are more insane. yeah well some are more insane. than others okay but like you. know you gotta if you're gonna say mormonism. you gotta throw catholicism in. there yeah i mean i've talked plenty. of [ __ ] about catholicism but we're not talking about catholics i'm just saying don't single them. out and also but he did i know but i'm saying i don't want it. to seem like we're coming for that. ass for them no it's every religious. person and i'll go further anybody who's too. into anything i come for that. it's actually not even the people who are religious. it's the religions themselves 100. how they make people think mormons are. the [ __ ] okay it's such a 180 no. okay mormons are the [ __ ] they are the [ __ ] oh bro i've known. are you kidding me. but i'm saying based on the ones. that have tried to. convert you you've known. at least 14. mormons are the coolest. dude some some of them. they won't let you swear you. know but like that sucks obviously. because i'm gonna do me. regardless because here's the thing though i'm gonna do me regardless. right um yeah so sometimes they won't let you do you regardless. but i'll do me regardless. and then they gotta walk away. with their wife they're gonna do. [ __ ] black ties all right. cool let's go to. another one see ya matt. matt left guys let's take a break. i want to. talk to you about a little thing. called ship station shouldn't say little it's a big. thing uh and in a landscape. where free and fast. shipping is in the norm it. can be harder for smaller. ecommerce businesses to. compete keep yourself competitive with ship station. i do when you use ship. station you can lower shipping. costs make returns easy and keep your customers happy. and with all the time. you save from automating automating your shipping. tasks you can keep your business growing. all year long ship station. makes it easy to. grow your business by handling. your orders from every marketplace in one. dashboard you understand that effortless effortlessly ship station. integrates everywhere you sell online. amazon etsy ebay shopify and more manage every order from one simple dashboard automate routine shipping test you can print the shipping labels uh you can pair rates it's so easy optimize every shipment it's just awesome to. deliver notifications to galore. uh with the best discounts in the industry you'll never worry about. overpaying or shipping get up. to 84 off usps and ups rates. and if that's not enough. use our promo code. to try ship station free. for two months that's over. and guess what you don't. know how many companies 130. 000 companies dude i'm not. lying they've grown their ecommerce businesses with ship. station and 98 of the companies that stick. with ship station for a year. become customers that's it keep growing. your business all year. long with ship station use promo code. lifeline today at shipstation. dot com to. sign up for your free. 60day trial it's two months. that's shipstation dot com. promo code lifeline the nfl. playoff action continues i don't. know if you're watching but i sure am we are one. step closer to. super bowl 57 and for the nfl divisional round check out draftkings. sportsbook and official sports betting. partner of the nfl new customers can bet. just five dollars what does that. mean they get like six bucks. back or something like that. 200 in free bets instantly what plus all. new and existing customers can take a shot. at an even bigger payout with draftkings. stepped up same same game yeah i've heard about this. those are those are really really really uh gangbusters. stepped up game same. game parlays boost your nfl. winnings with each leg you add up to. 100 who do you have. what do you got going. on who do you think is going. to win and who's your money. on going all the way. this year i got my boy patma. holmes pat pat on the chiefs which you. probably didn't know i did. but he's in the chiefs but for for tonight's game. yeah the nfc game wild. card game cowboys against cowboys. and prescott monday yeah all right. okay okay so sue me. all right okay cowboys. against mr tom brady. invincible right buccaneers buccaneers have. a terrible record it's going. to be the cowboys. dak prescott i'm i'm i'm that's my boy. deck press. out i like him he came to. my show oh because he likes you that's how you work. yeah you like people who like you okay. uh download the draftkings. sportsbook app and use code. lifeline that's what's up new. customers can bet five dollars on the nfl. divisional round and get not just a little bit. but 200 in free. bets instantly only at draftkings sportsbook. with code lifeline minimum age. and eligibility restrictions apply. see show notes for details another one. hi matt and chris all right. a poet what a pretty. serious question to. ask him i believe you um is it. still cool to. listen to jamiroquai yeah. and have you heard his song. lifeline because i think it's a banger. thanks really uh the the first part. is absolutely it's still cool. to listen to. mirror well it'll never not be cool. to listen to. jamiroquence insanity what's that one because that's the song. famous video what's his name. glazer did what uh the guy. that directed uh sexy beast. why can't i remember his first. name glazer yeah because you're not a [ __ ] huge dork. jonathan glazer dork um so yeah. dude i mean like it's a good uh it's it's a good. it's a good song but that what other. song does he have dude. how do you know. any of jamiroquy's other songs. jamiroquy um oh excuse me dude. jamiroquai was [ __ ] huge dude. for [ __ ] 15 minutes he had a hat that was a piece anybody that puts on that hat what do you think of jamiroquai but show it show. it on the thing so everyone knows because i'll tell you right. now about 90 of. the people on this listen. i don't know who jamiro come. on dude i'm telling you. man virtual insanity the hat and that's why because look at his hair dude i want the left i want the one on the hair no that's when the hat melts he looks like josh hartnett dude batman villain a batman is he appropriating native american culture oh look at that now that's good appropriating cowboy culture wow dude have you ever heard the [ __ ] uh the guy who goes wait do the one with the next to. him yeah dude i don't like guys no the headline. is no jamiroquai did not. take part in the pro. shop but no i thought that was jamiroquai dude. you know what i don't like is. when guys who do singing and stuff. do singing singers is the rr are. making it because of any other reason. than they're [ __ ] killer singers. like don't put the hat on. dude i'd be about that. music but he is about that. music that that song is amazing. okay fine but i don't know the new the new. lifeline song nobody does people only know virtual insanity how many how many uh views does it have i mean 80. gajillion 216 million oh that's not. enough it should be one of the most viewed. that's what i'm saying on 1996. that. is a ton yeah. um look at that set that's cool. man it is a really cool. set it's very obvious how they did. it i don't like that way. of thinking though i know how they do that. yeah but i know it. but it's fine but i know. how they did that. up there goes the bird. do you see the family. guy thing i'm in high school. no it's funny anyway um all right. cool so yeah i think it's final. dude listen what you listen. to listen to. jamiroquai listen to. matisyahu listen to [ __ ] zap more bounce. to the ounce wow a nursery rhyme. all right all right next. one chris and matt good morning. from queensland australia very cool. uh i need some advice my exgirlfriend of four. and a half years he killed. her circle as me um and i'm seeing this. girl i've been seeing her for almost a year. now um and every time we hang out with my friends. my ex is there yeah it's gotten to. the point where we're going. out for dinners um new year's eve party just gone she was there um where we're going camping um i don't really mind it i said to. my partner that it's you know um it's so each other here. and all there whether she's around. or not it doesn't yeah. of course it doesn't bother. you know he's not moving um my partner. doesn't like it but she's kind of just you know. she's she's expressed her feelings and she's kind of playing it. cool um okay there's been no. awkwardness or anything but i'm. just not really sure how to. navigate it i don't want. to push my mates aside um because then you know they're pretty. much the animates i've got i was hoping um so yeah i'm not really sure what to. do it helps out that'd be awesome. thanks fellas love your podcast. thanks bud do it. seapod on wasn't going anywhere. better buckle up gotta do these videos he's ready. he was getting he's getting. ready yeah dude uh we why. don't you take this. one man uh who cares. yeah okay 100 who. cares who cares no one. cares your girl's not mad. you're not mad obviously your ex. isn't mad such a non thing. she's look if she's creating. problems and like picking fights. she doesn't you cut me. off and i didn't like that and i didn't like that but you didn't he said but uh there's no i i didn't hear. a problem so therefore there is no. problem because if there was a problem i would have heard it. yeah i am calling the lifeline. needs some advice um my neighbor. walks the dog so like what. do i do hi what's going on. um yeah i've got some advice. i need some advice here i drink. water uh let me know. hey what lifeline. what's going on i got need some advice. ah love the port. thanks a lot so wait. okay so i there's a number of ways. it could be a problem. yeah so let's maybe assume that he left. that part out or something. i guess dude but he didn't he specifically said it. wasn't a problem yeah he did yeah. i need some advice don't have a problem. that's so weird dude. i think his current girlfriend. kind of has a problem and she's she does. you know why woman no no. no dudes would have a problem. come on dudes would but they wouldn't have a caddy. problem dudes would be like what's up. and they would end that. [ __ ] no no oh dude dude it's hard to. have a problem and then it would just be a different. kind of problem yeah exactly but it wouldn't stop they wouldn't. put a crush on it. because you understand that. you can't bring the dude. around anymore and the dude's being a [ __ ] about it the chick is like oh hi oh nice purse. ooh oh you can get oh yeah. no i've seen plenty of people. with that purse no it's oh i know you agree with me. dude guys are definitely just as petty as girls about this. kind of [ __ ] petty bro they do fisticuffs. what the [ __ ] what physically. they do fisticuffs on each other. no they don't what is fisticuffs. fighting it's that's what that. means yeah okay what are those. things when you put your fingers chinese. butt finger traps oh. you can put your dna. too but that's oh my god i guess. you could put your a lot. of things it has to. be hard and then you and then you're looking. at each other and you go come. on no no no no and then it rubs and you go. you know what i mean. come right on each other on. each other each other we're gonna have to. bleep a lot of that. out on each other's comes so. far okay um but yeah no don't move. we'll come we're both. not gay let's just breathe. but i gotta go get soft. and hug each other and then we'll be able. to walk with me you like that. you know uh okay wait wait um [laughter]. i already forgot completely what. we're talking about it's all. good though dude why why. are they jewish dick. because the chinese is trying. to get it because they're not circumcised. dude [ __ ] in they are circumcised. because they're because they're circumcised it's easier. for them but please please do oi. please great now i'm kanye. okay oi look oh yeah i thought you're doing. a [ __ ] australian accent oh god oh no we're trapped. wow don't do that don't do. that do australian make it. an australian thing or why. because it's like boy yeah. oh nice yeah dying everything. has an a in it. all right cool next one. there's no problem no. problem you're good the [ __ ] so so cool uh always make me laugh quick uh friendship advice me and my family recently in a fire. i'll fire oh god uh we've ever nearly died. she's been uh obviously physically and emotionally. draining and damaging yeah none of my friends. have messaged i've rang none of them. give a [ __ ] come on yeah one of them reached out and said hope you're all right uh so what should i do should i speak should i confront them. should i tell them your [ __ ] friends yes or should i just leave walk away. never speak somewhere no no. no it's clear that they don't. give a [ __ ] about me. or my family uh sarah just your advice. please but thanks again. for everything you do in the show. make me laugh when i feel like i can't. laugh keep doing what you're doing. thanks buddy appreciate it. oh yeah dude thank god you made. it out dude here's the thing. when somebody goes through something. bad and you're sitting there thinking should i text. them or should i not i don't. want to bother. them text them you [ __ ] yep just you're not gonna bother. them what even what even is that dude. i [ __ ] house caught on fire. the guy almost burned it. alive with his family. inside their home text. him and just be like hey i heard you heard you. almost burned alive with your family. inside your family home yeah everything. cool heard about the house and the family. suck but i think it's a copout. to even be like i don't want. to bother them i don't even think that's the real. people are let me just tell you man. people are really [ __ ] shitty. but like they they i know a guy through. a guy that was dying. of cancer and everyone just kind of stops talking. to him because they were like i don't know. how to deal. with it yeah yeah but i don't think that that's shitty. though i think that that's like a glitch in the system. because they're not these people do care his friends. do care about it. yeah right but he's sitting there. thinking they don't that's why. it's shitty but they're not being shitty. i don't think i mean. their nature is not shitty. they're just they're like uncomfortable. with grief or pain or yeah or anything. like yeah they're not thinking like i'm not gonna write. him because i don't want him. to feel good but they are thinking. uh maybe i should say something. i don't want to. make it worse maybe yes. which is just yeah not right. that's stupid just don't make complicated. text them hey thinking of you. period yeah send and if the end and if they don't text you you text them hey i was in a fire dot dot dot question mark lol dude i think that you honestly uh need to. send them this video and don't even tell them. your part send them our part. just just clip out our part. send our part and then they'll be like don't know. oh i know who's talking to. okay you could also call. him out well you yeah. i mean if you want to. keep up friendship be like yo. bro i was in a fire. what's the what the [ __ ] yeah but don't uh don't assume they don't give a [ __ ] about you that that's wrong. there you go dude. and that's why matt does. the oneonone sessions and i don't. that's that's not even right but they do they're just awkward. stupid [ __ ] humans yeah they're over complicating things for no reason and that's why you do you but then again also i'll be in portland right and i'll be in seattle but you do very different things i know i know you do you and you give good advices but also for me dude i will be in new york february 18th okay plugging yourself so hard okay i'm making it about you at the very end okay all right well good luck to. you man that [ __ ] sucks a lot if i had your number i knew you at all i would test you why don't you leave uh condolences in the comments forum a guy in the fire sorry to. hear it yep all right. yeah hey man chris miss keith. gonna kick our asses. a long time listening hey hey guy not chris it's keith. heard what you said about. me at the schoolyard uh after school. at 3 30. uh i'm gonna hand you your [ __ ] ass thanks justin verlander i appreciate you on new year's. i mean my fiance had. a get together with both. of our families it. was nice time me and the father. started bickering oh he told me. he'd stop using profanity um you know don't worry. about everything behind this. my house there we go. uh suddenly hit me when i wasn't looking. scuffled for a little. bit um it got broken. up there's a lot. of people and then i hear he's bleeding. he's bleeding so i rushed to. the front and my fiance's father. stabbed my best friend. in the throat rushed to. the hospital died twice thank god. he made it he's hurt. but he made it uh my question. is do you ever see us. being able to. have a normal relationship again. after this that's our father. um her fiance the father. of a child she has nothing no consequences whatsoever. for her obviously she had nothing. to do with it but just no normality. i don't know if things can go. back i don't know if i could ever be in the same. room as the sky you're trying. to kill your friend. so i don't bail because the wedding. i don't i don't know just because you try. to let me know thanks. so much okay so here's that you can. never and should never ever no. associate with that man again. and your fiancee should also do that but if she doesn't because it's her dad. she does need to. understand that you will never do. that yeah so here's here's the question. just to break it. down what the [ __ ] that's unbelievable. dude looks like halloween this. is [ __ ] unbelievable thanks for taking the picture. by the way this is to. be clear this is the question. that you asked i'm. gonna just break it down. okay to the question. you asked okay hey someone stabbed. my best friend in my house. should i rekindle the answer. is no it was his ass. yeah it was his house. his house yes don't swear you guys. like don't worry about it. it's my house oh [ __ ] oh just stabbed. it i miss her i thought he said hey it's my house. don't swear here no dude. oh that's right chris is right. okay we had it yeah. you're right yeah yeah hey i didn't know that. dude his house hey [ __ ] hey don't say that. well it's my house well dude. pop oh [ __ ] get him off where's your friend [laughter]. why did he stab his friend. the guy didn't even die. once he died twice the guy. said he died twice. you had one guy twice. he's like should i rekindle man. should i work it out should we open. up a business uh think about opening. up a pizzeria with the guy. no knives but you know dude. hey hey as a matter of fact. break up dude get up. come on but also you got to. have a serious talk with you lady. yeah yeah yeah you do yeah. hey so about your uh dad. that's that stab my friend. i tried to kill. my that killed my friend. actually came back he died. twice uh but do i get extra dome. or like wait why the [ __ ] did he stab the friend let's make up for it dude. who the [ __ ] knows who cared. doesn't matter you know. well the friend was probably like hey [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah stop punching my friend inside. the house dude but wait what the [ __ ] this guy is got gray. hair this this guy's like gotta be in his mid30s. right yeah so the dad's like just some 70. year old guys stabbing. people in other people's house. absolutely insane that guy the dad. i hate to. say it needs to. be locked up yeah lock him. up oh oh bro bro. look at this scar you stabbed. him in the neck he's just that straight. up attempted murder player. you're not gonna play it i mean. you're talk you're literally talking about attempted. murder you are actually just full. stop you you are discussing attempted murder. like that is an attempted. murder while this podcast is [ __ ] good today wow wow i mean the guy [ __ ] stabbed the guy looks like [ __ ] why so serious he's never gonna look [ __ ] the same ever again i mean that'll go down a lot it'll go down a lot he will never look the same but this kind of thing makes he's gonna be fine okay but you're doing a thing that i don't like which is making it a minute apples and oranges no you're not just minimizing determine a different thing he'll wet it up for sure but no one wants to. look no one wants to. look totally different for the rest. of their life when it wasn't up. to them i was what's up. what's your name oh this. yeah i got stabbed at my friend's. house died twice yeah by his fiance's dad. opened up a pizza parlor. together yeah that that's absolutely insane. dude that is insane so update. us by the way on scone. on with dad also hey dad send in a video hey dad turn yourself. in yeah because you committed a. crime well i mean no. yeah so much evidence i mean just so you don't need to. turn yourself in the game. you don't need to. do it you don't need to. interview anybody all you need is cops. watch this episode he's on bail. he said that's what happened. dad is on bail. that is in jail for what he did. and he's out on bail. yes okay wow assault with a deadly weapon or something. like that whatever wow dude. i mean all right. although but honestly though hey guy just to. wrap this up yeah that you're even thinking about it. is i don't know what's going. on in your mind you can't. associate with this [ __ ] guy anymore. yeah i'm not clear if he was talking about how should i deal. with the father yes because just don't yeah. he was okay i thought maybe there was how should i deal. with the relationship he was saying that's fine. that's when he was like doing this. [ __ ] he was like that's not even a thing she had nothing to. do with it and ah okay oh yeah. yeah but that he's right. about that she's obviously you cannot. and should not ever thank god. the guy's still alive put any blame i mean. wow but also you're 70. get over the desire. to stab people when you disagree. with that doesn't matter how old he is. you know it's like don't well dude. if you're [ __ ] 25 it makes more sense and if you're 70. stabbing your [ __ ] daughter's friends in the neck. all right that's fun hey so cute. i've been listening to. you guys you guys for forever. i'm a little in love. with both of you but it's probably fine. i'm here with ollie. my son he's 11 years. old he loves roblox and soccer and he rocks. this sweet hair look at that. hair on ollie our question. is about the hair when we go out. oftentimes ollie gets mistaken for a girl. and uh it doesn't really bother. him he's actually kind of amused. uh when people are embarrassed when they realize he's a good looking dude. so i got it we're hoping you guys can help. us come up with like a quick. witty response um nothing hurtful obviously. but just something yeah kind of smart. and funny right to. help people right um just know that he's a dude. yeah yeah some sweet long. hair yeah thanks well before. the curse comes up. with the retort i it well i used to. have really really long hair. like way way longer than it. is now i lived in new. york and i was a hypochondriac and i used. to always go to. the health center in new york. and the way that it was. situated was my you there. were two places to. sit sometimes you'd have to. sit in the area where your back. was to where the nurse. comes out and calls your name. and the nurse i kept hearing. the door open and close open and closed. and i was the only one in the waiting room. and i was sitting with my back. to her the nurse. and i kept hearing. her come out and like maybe about to. call my name and i was getting excited and then she didn't call. my name finally one. time i looked back and her. face was like oh because she just assumed. that i was a woman. because of my long hair. and she was so embarrassed. that i felt bad that. she did it in the first. place i wasn't insulted because like ollie. i don't really i i don't take it. personal that someone thought i was a woman just because i had long hair. from the back but on my experience. the person already feels so dumb. for thinking that out that you're not. what you really are that. you may not need just a little push is what. i'm recommending you don't want. to like body slam them because they probably already. feel pretty stupid for getting. it wrong in the first place. especially for ollie he's young. and like you don't want to. yeah insult a kid yeah ever you know. yeah unless it's an adult. that thinks he's a girl. yeah but and then you feel even. worse no you go like this. you just like oh are you a girl. be like nah but your mama is and i just hung out. with her wow [music] the whole time. i thought you were being rude. and texting on your phone. you were just getting ready to. do that while you weren't. even listening to. my story that's cool are you a girl. nah but are you a girl. no but your mama is and i hung out. with her last night why. are you putting your hair up yeah. you're just doing this with a yeah. yeah now i'm pissed at you. because you weren't even. listening you a girl nah i'm a dude. why you you want me. to be a girl what are you gay. i mean that is the dumbest yeah don't do. any sex jokes do one that's not a sex joke. okay um you girl oh yeah yeah. like because he's okay so your girl uh hey what's up. girl um hey you might want to. fix your eyesight yeah nice yeah um okay why because i got long hit why because i got long long hair. what is this 1942. yeah that's good yeah yeah. okay okay showing you yeah. okay you got another one. i don't know go ahead. you know just like more hey dude. no not for anything. just everything else aside though i think ollie's hair. was double in fact i was seeing it. in the image i was like wait. is that his hair like off the side. i was like i hope that i thought. literally they were behind a horse. yeah it was beautiful. draped over his shoulder because that's how ill it was that was beautiful. hair uh definitely don't. cut it you look really cool. you look cool as [ __ ] and you and you could be a headbanger you could do like and do like that kind of he could be in a band but also it's you know 2023 you could be a you could be a doctor with that hair. who cares right yeah. uh it's 20 23. i could be i could grow up. be a doctor with this hair. that would be a good comeback. yeah all right okay wow okay hey man. chris how's it going. to be synchronize this. podcast you guys indeed. rip hell yeah so i'm calling to. you know ask you guys right. now my wife and i were having our. first kid to 37. years old and we're about 27. weeks into this. pregnancy you're gonna ever have been at this point so are we and amazing you know due to. you know us having a lot. of pregnancy losses um no i'm fighting. i'm having a hard time. trying to enjoy this process of it. um and my wife you know. is you know trying to. find that joy in it. also and you know i'm just sort of you. know in the back of my mind. always thinking that you know. what if you know things are good. now but what if they aren't later. and and i was just wondering if you guys. had any advice on how to. sort of open up my my heart. to enjoying this letting the walls. down and everything anyway. have a good one. guys bye let me. say something before you go. because you can speak to. it a bit more than i can but all i i think is that. first of all at 27 weeks. you're pretty close to. viability so like you're getting really close. so it's like it's like eight. out of ten if it was if if something happened you were and you and the baby was born now it's like eight or nine out of ten chance that it would survive there you go so that's one but two i would say don't what you're describing and the difficulty you're having and joining the process is so beyond understandable that i don't think you should judge yourself for not be not like being able to. enjoy this part of the experience. just be the way. that you are feel the feelings. that you're feeling and then when the baby. is born then you will just be over. the moon you will be enjoying it. you won't have to. worry about uh what's gonna happen. this what's gonna happen. that it'll be a whole series. of other worries but in terms of your specific. trauma you're not going to. have to worry about that. anymore so the end is near. the the light is at the end. of the tunnel don't be hard. on yourself feel whatever. you're feeling it's fraught it's scary. it's exciting it's a lot. of different things but don't don't be hard. on yourself for not being able. to quote enjoy it right. now it's totally understandable. that you are having a hard. time doing that yeah i feel for you. dude i hear that. you're scared and i think that it's okay. i think that you should be i think that you know. you're working with a little bit. of ptsd because it happened and that's totally normal um i i i'm i'm scared also and i i we've never really had that kind of an issue but um you know it's it's a it's a tough thing anyway i think that i think that just being open and honest with yourself dude because this is something that i struggle with sometimes i don't even know what i'm feeling i just think i'm angry and um and and the fact that you're like you know what this has happened before i have fear and that's okay live through it dude talk about it with your wife and she'll understand you guys will both have that connection together and then you'll be able to. work through it the good news. is you're at week 27. and um like i said you've got an eight. or nine in ten. chance that the baby. will survive if there is preterm. labor and like a one in eight. chance that the baby. will have a serious issue. so those odds are pretty good. each week that moves on i mean. those are amazing odds. if that's yeah and also i'm very knowledgeable. about this stuff right. i doubt it but you don't sound like you're that. far off to be honest. so uh i actually you know that. that's the truth so so yeah. dude everything you're feeling is natural everything. you're feeling is natural anyway. besides the fact that everything that happened to. you the psd of it. um you're gonna be okay it took those things. to get here and you're scared. bro and also i am too. i'm 27 we're 27 weeks. in as well and i i have fear about it. too i'm scared of everything. anyway okay no not i mean you know. what i mean no you just said you just admitted it. i know it's not that. i'm a [ __ ] you said you're scared of everything. i'm fuzzy but it's just it's life. is scary life is real. and that's okay here's the other thing. dude you can be fearful. but don't be don't beat yourself. up for being fearful because i do that. and that's making it doubly worse. and doubly hard that's what i'm saying. let yourself be the thing that you are. without adding any kind of judgment. to it because that's only going. to make it even worse. yes what you're feeling is be perfectly. understandable don't beat yourself up. about the fact that you can't. like enjoy it plus from what. i understand tell me if i'm wrong. but pregnancy is fraught and is scary. don't put pressure on yourself. to feel joy about a time. period that is often just kind of scary. it is not you know. some women love being pregnant. some women just literally cannot wait. to get that baby out of them. and so you know if she's uncomfortable. and you're going through the thing. just know that there is a light. at the end of the tunnel. and you know matt's at the end. is near i wouldn't say that. because that's not the good way. to put it because you say the end. is near people think about other things right. but i would say the light. is at the end of the tunnel. and when that is what i said [music]. and name them zap. dude um is that the group. that does that song. yeah i think it's a guy. right a good example. roger oh so zap is a guy. yeah zap and roger yeah. roger you know really. roger staying with roger even. though the other guy was zap. zap and then also just some guy named roger that. i met roger's the guy. who does that zapp and todd. zap and frank um yeah so um i feel for you bro. um and my heart goes out to. you but this is also realize that you know. there is positivity mixed. in with this negativity dude. you have this is what this. is you're winning dude. you're winning like charlie sheen you. have charlie charlie winning you have a beautiful. this is a moment. and you're not going to. get this moment again. or maybe you have another kid. but not this one. it's a different it'll be a different. kid but you have this. moment to live and this. is a beautiful thing. to live through and so soak it. up man because these moments. tick by and before you know. it they're gone and man. i mean calvin's already he's gonna be three dude. and i remember when he fit in the palm. of my hand and uh you know. now he's saying the word. actually and [ __ ] yeah so bro feel for you you got this thank you for the submission. that was really sweet and i appreciate your vulnerability. i really appreciate people's vulnerability. when they call in um it inspires. me to be vulnerable and i'm with you. dude um and matt you know not so much. he's not as good a person. as i am so uh i appreciate you. but that's it that's good. man uh and then we can talk you know. that's it i think we're good on. on show on on uh that. was a great episode i mean we're actually the way. i think is fine. you have to. take a [ __ ] so bad no i mean i don't have to. i could um i think i could you know. i ate four hours ago. and um i feel grumbles but i could hold it in literally um uh i just added. salt lake city i just added. milwaukee but i will also but i will be in new york. new york new york and uh not the song. and uh what is it. new york new york what's this frank sinatra oh yeah new york. new york how's it going i mean. you're asking me i'm not gonna get it. right new york [music]. start spreading my balls. that's not how it goes. new york new york that's what i was trying. to do there we go. still off but all good no. it's awesome good so i'll be there. i'll be in chicago. i will be in seattle. i got that extra show. added um i'm at another. show in springfield missouri. because that sold out. who knew who'da thunk who'd have thunk the boys. hot and sit in springfield. but um yeah dude i'll see you tonight bray improv. that's what's up dude. these vagabonds disrespectful all right. uh bye go to. tour chrisley dot com you want a oneonone session. with matt go to. uh mattelier.delia dot com and if you got a question. go click the link in the description. below also dude leave a comment for that. ass how do you like. the new uh thing super good we don't care. that's what we want that's it. so it doesn't matter so i'm not insecure. uh and the lifeline merch. lifelinemirch dot com dude. new york new york dude i'll tell you what play new york. so you know how to. sing it why did we get up. [music] 