 it starts like this. satellite okay okay that's the best thing. you've ever said by the way. yeah because your tone down. as they come it's called. improving it's called being a good. singer and continuing to. sing and getting even better. it's called you know. all right all right next. one this is a good episode. drunk [music] gonna blow up. there we go there. we go here we go. there we go here we go. remember in the first few minutes. don't swear because that's when we get demonetized. okay have you ever noticed the sprouts. like the vegetable look like sperm. uh no actually you never thought. that why do people not think about this. and talk about it more. i don't sprouts look. like sperms i mean i exactly. like sperms i'm trying to. keep it clean so it'll curse. for the first 10 minutes i don't know if it does a little bit it. does yeah but if they look more of a bud. on the end of a oh. i see no i see i think it's of a curved. head yeah i think it's like a uh a fat part. that goes into. into an egg and then and then the squiggly part. okay is like the body of the sperm. you know yeah i don't know when i'm eating. a sandwich let's say with sprouts. on it i'm like wow. i'm eating so many sperms okay. so i'm like i've never done. this before wow i guess it does look like it. a little bit yeah yeah look at that. it's like but also it's sometimes. they're sprouted already and it doesn't look. like that okay sure but you know. what i'm doing okay. i do you know. um also whenever you put tabasco on yeah. oh here we go dude. you've been saying this for decades. it's the only thing that comes out. i don't know if it has to. do with the top or what. it's the only thing that comes out. like a mess you know. what i'm talking about i don't want. to get the monetized. but so but you can do them. you go like this you go like that. and it comes out. literally the same oh oh that's what. i'm saying i didn't even know that's what you're saying. okay yeah yeah that's how much i don't listen. to you you've said that. to me so many a dozen. times you never gave me the props. it deserved i mean it's not it. doesn't sound that much like it. deserves props it comes out. like that right that's what we're talking about. yes okay wow it comes out. like so coded okay. like about that which we are talking. about right now like you think that it. like you you you don't get it. and then i do it with the tabasco. and then you get it. and you're like okay no that. is the witch what he is talking. about right but that is that. okay at which which he is talking. about fine oh by. the way dude welcome back. oh oh to. me yeah thanks yeah you were sick. better for a day did. a solo episode because i was having the baby. and then you got sick. again yeah so what happened. is i had covid. which everybody knows because everybody in the world. listens to the show. and they heard me when i solo. hosted i had covered okay. the day i hosted was the middle. day of about five days. that i felt good for the only week. in april that i felt good wow then after five days or so of getting all. better from covid i got strep. throat those are two great. things to have back. to back now here's the thing strep. throat is a gazillion times worse. than coven right unless you're like old and fat and have some other comorbidity will kill. you but for most people covet. is just like yeah a bad call. a bad cold right. yes so the uh the strepto. was like i was dying. you know that one time. i was the last time. i stripped out i called. you yep in the middle of the night. i remember i was going. delirious i had 103 fever. and i was so so so sick. what what was i what why. did i call because i thought i was gonna die. you didn't understand what was happening. and then by the time. the phone call was over. i was like matt i think you just have a fever. and you were like oh i haven't had a fever. before and you actually were talking. about how you never really had a fever. oh i was like this. is what a fever feels. like he's like you're like why. do i feel like things. are happening they're not happening. and i'm like oh yeah is what. a fever does he's. like oh okay i never really get fevers. but i get sick a lot. which is bad it's good. to get fevers when you're sick. but wait i knew it. more than you okay. so you don't know you. don't have you don't get fevers. that's so it's rare. that i get a fever. i got a fever. with strepto because it was absolutely brutal. experience but strep is something. that gives anyone who gets it. fevers because it's such a gnarly. it's a staff gnarly dude. it's like in the family. of staph infections like that. yeah they have which other people killer. ones that spread around. hospitals and kill everybody. you cut off my joke. wow i'm pissed okay ship what was it. i said you said it's a staph. infection i said yeah because i have a whole bunch of people working for it. wow it's yeah okay yeah i didn't hear. it you don't know you. didn't even have a chance i. don't know how much i loved it. but i should get you know. what it is you're not giving me. all my props for what i do. okay twice not that's twice. now that you're not giving me. my props i'm saying things and you're just disregarding it. when it's like when i speak there's weight to. it okay okay yeah crushed under that. weight you also swear i said ship. you said [ __ ] and we got to. bleep it out but it's okay. but anyway we're five minutes into. the episode but what so it's nice. to have you back. thank you we shook things. up a little bit and that's okay. and now we're back now. what we ask is. that you like and subscribe. yeah that's it it's not. it's not even a lot. to ask no it's not. a lot to ask just like a subscriber. dude you're watching this. for free right they're watching it. for free so why don't you just like and subscribe. it helps us out leave a comment. for the algorithm and then also i'll be in columbus in cincinnati. so you can go to. salt lake city you can go. to tucson bring up. my dates you can go to. you can get tickets. from montreal you can get tickets. for uh nashville uh detroit. chrisley dot com um and uh boise. pueblo colorado for some reason. knoxville tennessee for some reason. arkansas for some reason ottawa edmonton hamilton cleveland. not a place orlando and fort myers. florida for some reason so chrisley dot com. don't push me tour. there we go pueblo. colorado is okay so that's they show. the picture that's the only nice picture. they have have you ever basically. gangland noticed when something terrible. happens in the in the country. it's always in obviously florida. or texas or the dark. horse surprising place colorado. yeah right littleton pueblo uh there's always terrible. stuff happening and uh what's the crazy. like woke place don't you mean. denver no no no the the the one. wherever but no bad things. happen in aurora though yeah. we know that yeah yeah. that's what i'm saying um don't make that. noise so there's uh whatever you do again. don't ever do that little rock. memphis is also number like crazy. crazy bad is it did if you ever. watch first 48 it's like and of course in memphis. we're in memphis of course but okay. but do this anytime you guys read. youtube not just solicitors look at where it happened. like on the byline where the authors. the writer's name is it'll say. reporting from you know whatever. atlanta georgia i'm telling you. almost all the time it'll be florida. texas and then dark horse. colorado what about the guy. who did the stuff who killed. this whole family and that was in florida. too right i mean people do that. a lot chris yeah yeah uh chris watts the bad. one yeah dude chris watts lie. better chris what's up. what's up dude chris what's up. with how bad you are. online dude he was like when they said that. when you see the body cam. that's the best [ __ ] it's so funny. yeah it's like it was like that. like he's just like i don't know. you know i know his cell. phone's over there but no. i don't know you know. yeah do you know. where she the officers are just asking. about the normal stuff enough. yeah no i don't know. you know who's that my wife. i don't yeah okay. he's like you know he's like that. meme the conor mcgregor meme. where it's like you when you ask when when your girl. when your friend's girlfriend asked. if he was with you last night. and he's like you know what i'm talking. about i don't think i know. that chris dude pull it up. it's so funny i don't even. know the guy you know. it's like dude it's so funny. he's like it wasn't wasn't me. i thought it wasn't that. oh what the [ __ ] dude. it's so funny here watch it. wow a whole bunch of ufc stuff's gonna come up. obviously because he wrote defensive. conor mcgregor see that wasn't good that. wasn't good because there's no way. that i'm gonna be able. to find this in the amount. of time that you think cheating conor mcgregor meme. cheating conor mcgregor wow chris dude how could you get that so bad defensive. don't be like look at look. at a picture of ken. griffey jr dancing and then right. here there it is right. there go ahead right. exactly what i did. what happened absolutely nothing. i don't know i just i just showed up. and i don't know just i don't even. know the guy to. be honest with you just rumors. nothing happened with me play it. again dude absolutely nothing i don't. know i just i just showed up. and i don't know just i don't even. know the guy to. be honest with you just really. almost nothing happened with me it's such a great. it's such a great i mean. because he's so seems dude. he is so funny. like he's kind of got that. trump thing where he's funny. like even if he's not trying. to be yeah yeah like what a crazy. persona he has yeah i know you are a man you are a man that's one of my favorite the walk he does yeah it sure is hilarious you are a man you are a man oh yeah dude yeah we start laughing like it might do play that one that one's so funny i don't know you know i don't know uh conor mcgregor defensive fighting punch out kick ufc yeah fresh you the man you the man you are the man dude wow i don't he's so beefy right now it's so weird he's like but his face is bigger he's obviously taking something but like he's on the originals well not that but yeah something i mean it's just kansas city royal knows nope okay that's not good i thought it might be um so okay tour chrisley dot com get your tickets leave a message on the hotline 2139738095 that's 2139738095 for the hotline and lifeline wow throw up the robot threw up okay uh what you want oneonone advice book it pay me i'll listen to. you and guess what i'll give you the best. the best advice you ever. had devices but yes the best you. ever had you never seen anything. like it you never even. heard of any advice like the kind that i give it is priceless. and yet i'm selling it. for a price wow now it's up. to you if you guys want. it you guys take it. if you don't okay you're [ __ ] stupid but no okay and then also the new lifeline merch which is absolutely yes. it is uh lifelinemerch dot com. and there's also new crystalia. merch grow or die. that stuff chrisley dot com. and that's so anyway um says you say it. so fast you are the fast. talker have you ever seen. an interview with the micro. machines guy no it's crazy. how much of a he says like some he can he can. say all of the words. of some book yeah i have like 20. minutes and it's like moby. dick or something insane yep. what about i know. that we oh watch out for the perrier. there's a secret about these shoes. you want to. know it yeah people mistake. them for a birthday. cake rude looks like you eat them. with a fork of the plastic. fork these are so awesome. look at the nike vomero. fives there's a little secret about these shoes. that you don't know about okay. you're right what is it. yep uh so i saw them. on instagram and i wanted them. i look at them and i go got to. have it and then i saw it. and i go i'm gonna order. it and i go on the line. for nike to. my chagrin 160 bucks i'm like not bad right. not bad if you know. your boy i'll drop a rack on shoes. yeah unfortunately and so um i go to. get the shoes and i look and it says women's. whoa so i go what that's kind of cool. though and i'm like but yeah it's cool. but then it's like now i i can't. get my size but then i'm like oh of course yeah. there's someone with some big. what size is brittany greiner. i don't know so i'm like yeah. yeah that's a good question. what is 13 in women's. 14.5 looked it up this. is a 14.5 in women's and what if it's perfect. if it's great why did you but you looked up. what's 14.5 no i'm sorry. i looked up what's 13. in women's what's that men's 13 in women's. okay you're right and it said really. it's only a one one another a half. above all the way through. all sizes i i believe i think it. might be shorter on the edges. probably what i said but yeah. okay maybe not so i got these shoes. and i'm a woman now so i wow. i'm a trans activist is. that how that happens. and i think that dylan mulvaney is a beautiful. woman and that's cool. and i think that she's levelheaded wow. hitting all the talking points. huh okay well that's crazy. that ending is really crazy. but what was the reason. you brought up the shoes. because they're new and i'm wearing them. for the first time and but not because they're women's. well no i the secret that. was the cool like part. right that was a secret you. wouldn't give away it you wouldn't. give it away in the trailer. for the for the movie right that was the secret that. would be the part of the movie. where you're like oh and they're women's. okay all right well this wasn't in the trailer. but i'm glad i it's the plot. twist did you see the hater. the movie the hater no man. and you know how you should know. that because i told you that last night. i only watched polar films. i suppose that's not true. it's on netflix even not. that's not even remotely true. that you only watch polish films. but why because i watched. because i see a lot of because i watch a lot. of gerard butler movies yeah i saw i saw hunter. killer too and that's something. juicy plain speaking. of draw butler no but you did i don't want. to see that one's gonna believe me. it's good it has good stuff in it. whoa really are the whole. plane crash sequence is like. an hour it's only like half. of the movie is on i know. but that's what it looked. like that but it's see i thought. it was just like get him. crashed and then let's get to. the guns but then it wouldn't. be called plane right. exactly it should be called. plane aina ai oh it. shouldn't be playing ain plain it. shouldn't be called um it shouldn't be called. plane no matter what yeah. it should it should be called. like lost in the jungle. or whatever it should have a title. not just a random noun. as the title yeah it would be like if the godfather was called. shooting pasta and shooting or or mafia. guys yeah mafia guys mafia. guys wow wouldn't be considered. the best move of all. time no not even close. yeah um so anyway dude. uh i want i won't i don't really want to. watch a plane i i wanna. i almost watched scream six. last night don't watch. that i saw screen. five or whatever it. was so bad dude. the lead in that it's a bummer. how bad it is the woman. is so hot whoever that is see i don't even. know the new cast at all i only know the last one. of the original series however the whole new series. right uh it's like all kids. yeah yeah yeah yeah like courtney. cox isn't in it. she is yeah she is she's in it. yeah they're all like people continue they're all like whatever. the world in the original. they were in the original. were they in college. they were in high school. the original was the reporter. i know that because in this. one there are adults no. the college was screamed too. yeah it's high school. but the kids now. it's a little older it's not they're not in high school. well they were kids in the fifth. one they were yeah oh and they were i think they were in college. even then yeah we're not figuring out a cool. thing okay the thing we're figuring isn't. even cool okay yeah so okay cool no matter what the truth. is about all the things they're asking me. it doesn't matter because knowing that is not important. informative interesting or cool okay. okay cool sounds great so uh anyways. uh scream six i didn't. see it so that oh wow. even more not interesting so that was even. possible [laughter] ha ha you met and chris this is too quiet. it's too quiet i'm sorry. i'll turn it up that's my fault. my bad all right. cool hey matt and chris he's just quiet. carnegie hall [ __ ] bleed new york there's all that. [ __ ] whatever anyways um my boyfriend got an issue he likes to. go on hiking trips. and he's got this like hiking crew. um and i'm always telling him. like hey i want to. go like that sounds awesome i want. to go and we've done that. kind of stuff before like he knows. i'm into it i can. do it um but every time it comes. up he kind of gives me. this excuse as to. why i can't go and it's either. it's not his house that they're staying at. or he's not driving. or it's all boys. or blah blah blah. whatever and like i guess. some of the excuses are valid. but i guess my question is like how can i avoid feeling. hurt and left out every time he goes hiking. without me because i want to. go hiking i want to. see the mountains bro. anyways help thank you sometimes. they're really bad for him. yeah me too it's interesting. because you gotta you know. guy time and girl time whatever whatever you are uh is important. you know and sometimes you want to. do the stuff in guy. time that the girl wants to. do but you're like sweetie. this is guy time. but we can go on. a hike but does she want. to go with the uh with her. his crew i don't know what i would. have asked her is what if he went on. as many hikes with you as he did. with his boys or whatever. i mean would that solve. dr quinn right but i'm saying would that solve. the problem no questions the answer. to the question gets to. my point okay so if she says then that that wouldn't that wouldn't be the same. thing then i think she might have a problem. if it would be the same. thing and she's just hurt. that he ignores her oh yeah. then that would you know. what i'm saying good point. he would be the one. with the problem good point. i just i i think that that's a good. question to ask yourself. but uh i think if your question. is how do i not get my feelings. heard i mean that's a i don't i don't know. things that hurt my feelings. i wish i knew how to. know maybe your codependent. feelings yeah maybe uh codependent. a little bit but it's fine. but also work on it. and i know about that. and i [ __ ] think about it okay okay cool are you so what are you codependent. yeah no not at all yeah. um i want to. be alone all the time. the entire time of always so how come i'm codependent. then uh because i don't know we have the same. family of course we have different experiences. obviously drastically different experience. i don't like that i'm codependent. or not that's not fair oh. i see what you're saying. well i'm the [ __ ] man and that was true. even when i was born you are the man. the man the man. could be codependent codependent. and i'm codependent and if somebody doesn't feel good about something. that has to do with me. then i am not okay. great okay it's great. right okay so no it's great. if kristen is like do the dishes. and i don't do them. and then the next morning. i wake up it's just upset. about the dishes not being done. i feel like the dishes. dirty and like trash. yeah great and that's great. well i don't know if it's great. but it's okay that you photo. that and i need her to. feel good for me. to feel good this isn't your therapy. okay i understand the show is. not your therapy for the hiking. thing yeah the hiking thing. i think that first of all. ask yourself that question second uh i think that to. actually try to. avoid getting your feelings heard. i think you should make an effort. because that sucks it. sucks to have your feelings. are repeatedly and if you know there's a possible. defense against it you should take it i think the the defense. against it the real one. the natural one the true. one is that it isn't about you. as much as that might suck. to also know it's a separate. and it's a different thing. and you say you say this. to kristen i i i get my acceptance. to other people and that's a problem but go. ahead shut up because you're only talking about. you okay right all right. cool so uh wow yes you are right. though yeah dude is it if you're taking it personally. you control how personally you. take something uh so if you're asking how to. lessen that feeling tell yourself. that it isn't about. you it's not meaning it's not personal. he has his own mind. his own interior life and sometimes you got to. give it up to. that also dude yo give it up. for the interior live but also dude. you don't um know uh you can also how you can busy. yourself with other things too. like once you get in your feelings. go out and do something your own. and you know if you're just sitting stewing. at it that makes it worse. and i don't know if you are or not it. looks like you're you like the outdoors. you gotta i mean you got a [ __ ] uh orange vest. on so you're doing something. pretty scenic yeah place. shoes she did that obviously to. further her point about how we she wanted us. on her side but we we do. we understand and uh yeah. for sure how so because you're saying that. she the woman like over. planned to make us think a certain thing to. trick us you know. good dude it's all good. um stop doing it it's dave matthews style satellite. oh my god satellites dude. it's not oh my god satellites oh my god subtle. it's all it's bad anyway. satellite no one knows the other words. no one knows the other words. well also even the guy. with the violins like how to. sing the word satellite in a song. he says it so many times in that. song because it's called satellite. all right okay so what is it. satellite oh dude pulled. up satellite defensive ufc punch. that's what he googled satellite. lyrics satellite dave matthews dude. satellite in my eyes like a diamond. in the sky how i wonder. satellite's stronger from the moon. or whatever that's not. the tune it's it. sucks it starts like this. satellite okay okay that's the best thing. you've ever said by the way. no [ __ ] yeah because you're [ __ ] tone definitely it's called improving. it's called being a good singer. and continuing to sing and getting. even better and that's what your notice. called you know should we should we blow. dry your hair and he goes. like this finish him dude. unbelievable [laughter] foreign like you typed in as a prompt like cool. international guy yeah yeah yeah yeah that's the image right. yeah i would spit that out. yeah all right cool if he has a low voice. if he has a low voice forget it. mexican low boys. that's gonna be a soft. pretty okay sweet voice. what's up need some advices. boys uh chris long long. long time listener and matt. we love you to. death that is cool okay. guys so i've been shot incredible. exchange and crossroads for. a long long time. it's a fun spot to. buy sell trade etc. whatever so here's the gist. i brought in a yeezy shirt. like a gap easy shirt. and a pair of fear. of god pants and i was denied both. items what because the apparently both are associated. with kanye's had his moment. in the media of stirring. up quite a frenzy but i'm sure myself. and other people still like to. wear his stuff he's listening. to his music whatever there's plenty of other people. who have their hands in these. projects right yes um also the fear of god pants. have nothing no you're nothing kanye. but after seeing the shirt. the girl the counter claims. that kanye also owns fear of. god which she does not so anyways. am i the jerk for bringing. these in and thinking that. other people may be interested. in these products um or is maybe the world. crumbling away and people are starting to. die on this really silly. hill that seems to. accomplish nothing so anyways. so leading the witness is. a 30 year old man. just sitting here bummed out because i was treated like this. so beautiful that's a second hand. used clothing store what is going. on that guy's [ __ ] god. dude he's got it. together so for this to. bother him means that he's just like god. at all yeah but he's also maybe a serial killer for this. to bother him there's no way. that guys well no there's not yeah. but that would that would throw me. for a loop though you know. what i'm saying yeah i i have a rule and you just you buy what you like i don't it's too. hard to if you're gonna look obviously kanye. is a mess him. being against semitic is just stupid. if if look then look into. everybody's company like so this person supports that person so you can't go to. [ __ ] chickfila because they support whatever they support and then it's just like dude it's too much. work as a consumer i'm gonna buy what i like the way. it looks to. put on myself and if i like the way. something tastes i'm gonna eat it. i'll period also how good is your life. if this is a hill you want to. die just there's you have the best. life ever if this is the hill. you've chosen to. die on it makes people feel good because it makes people feel like they matter and they're doing the right. thing even though it's just [ __ ] man it it just i don't i i think by the way. those are cool outfits keep those the kanye. west gap shirt is cool and the fear of god. short pants you don't understand. that guy doesn't need them. i know you can walk around. with no shirt on and i know that. he's men and women. will follow him home i understand. and he can [ __ ] men or women. in the ass whenever he wants. anytime but i don't know i don't i don't go. to the next buffalo. exchange they'll be like okay. yeah that might be true. i think what he's saying. is there's a store policywide. thing storewide policy yeah well that'll change in [ __ ] two weeks anyway you know what i mean. it's like yeah i mean that's the that. is the thing to. remember for to. the beautiful guy so he can keep in mind. this is going coming and going. just like everything else has in the past. yeah that everyone was freaking. out about and then stopped caring about because they got tired because you can't tense a muscle forever you gotta loosen up sometimes you can't keep a muscle tense always nonstop it's just too much. to be it's too. much to be outraged all the time. and to be that way. is to be outraged. all the time and it's exhausting. to do that that's my point. is too much work it's so much. work but what i said. in the way that i delivered it. was spectacular the way i did. it you did the thing. where you kind of like cut. it off at the knees. and then you were like here's the simple. way to say it yeah. because that way it reaches. more of the people who are listening but what i did. was like an edward murrow. thing and you ruined. it is my is my i didn't ruin it. you kind of you you tackled. it you tackled it to. the ground i don't think i did. you did i didn't everyone. rewind about a minute. and listened to. my amazing sermon and then look how chris cut it. off at the knees. okay and ruined everything. about it all right. well i think that it's gonna be fine. keep the clothes for a little bit. you'll be able to. sell them soon or try. to sell them online. dude [ __ ] that person it's it's if it's a car if it's a policy for the company then go to. another there's others consignments also just wait. dude yeah yeah also yeah there are other consignment. shops and they that thing. whatever you're selling or reselling. has has a price in the market regardless. of what that particular person. or store policy dictates yeah and that. price is high because those things. are valuable yeah there we go okay. okay next hi is the lemon. person um i'm really bummed that i couldn't find. the lemon filter again. but that's this is i guess. um coming out of the shadows. but update that friend and i from the solo. mad episode we just fizzled out. dude um naturally organically which is fine but i have a new question because now my husband is like skeptical every time i make a new friend and he's like is this person gonna hate me blah blah. blah and i'm like no probably not but also i don't i don't. know but my other friend was there. when it was like rocky. so maybe like her vision was. tainted and i don't know is mario in the background. like now i'm scared to. like have new friends. gotta wonder chris she was. on twitch or something. explain so um she called. in with a question about her. friend she she was friends. with somebody who didn't like her husband and was always saying things. like when are you gonna divorce. your house oh [ __ ] cut that front out. relax but keep going and so we matt gave. her advice and she's like oh i cut that. person out of my life. good i was right. and then retrospect and now she says her husband kind of has ptsd. about her getting new friends. and was wondering if they're also gonna hate him. and stuff so but that's her. that's her new question. yeah okay so pts your husband. is gonna be fine yeah. because he has balls of spine. and a brain you know what i mean. balls of spine and her brain. so if those things would tell me that. he's gonna be fine. because the pts he suffered wasn't actually ptsd. and frankly it's uh abominable to. equate the two things um but but to. stick with your term your husband's ptsd. is is gonna not be there. for a very long time. yeah let's start there that's a horseshit. yeah that that is it's it's swung. so far the other way. that now i'm like maybe your friend. was right to. hate this guy right. there we go we're getting more you know. what i'm talking about it. yeah oh dude hey oh hey hubby congratulations. you just fed me. a bunch of horseshit. yeah yeah yeah that's [ __ ] ptsd. when you make whenever you make a friend. it triggers my ptsd. sometimes deep deep dark wrong with them. deep dark wrong in the 90s. dude deep dark wrong with with with wesley. snipes and a wrestler and a wwe such a movie. outer watch and also uh rucker. howard would be the best. yeah dude and also uh um who's the guy. oh [ __ ] whim hurt. oh wow this is an amazing. cast rucker hower william. hurt and wesley snipes. in deep dark wrong wow. dude you throwing william. hurt in there it's changing. the complexion of the movie. so much it's actually well done. yeah it sounds kind of good. right now um yeah anyway okay okay so that one. well you know he'll get over. it let's let's be to. put a nice shine on it. he'll get over yep okay. cool and madeline's though. wow just still making the movie uh my question. pertains to my professional life. a little bit and a little bit of my personal. life conditioning coach for almost. 10 years now and whenever. i talk about work or talk. about fitness in general. somebody always has to. say something absurd that they did. athletically in high school my favorite one. recently someone told me. that they back squatted 700. pounds when they were 16. in high school okay and obviously they didn't yeah. i think that would be a pretty. big record that i would hear about. and i just want to. say something back that's not too. smartassie um but it just kind of undermines. my profession a little bit. when people talk about things that yeah. i get that they obviously. didn't do and then they say something. along the lines of oh i'm too broken. to do that now like wait. until you're my age and your knees. are all jacked up and like it just kind of yeah. on my skin so yeah. um any sort of spin movementality tips. on that which is greatly. appreciated the same thing is when people say to. me like oh people i'm funny. people people's people yeah my friends. say i should be a comedian. okay great and i agree. but you're making it about you again. but that's so i'm codependent. okay so now to. make it back about him. we can get back to. you whenever you want okay. but just to. make it about it probably do that. now to make it medicated. about him uh real. quick what you should say. is i when the guy says i bench. here you be the guy that. is saying he i back. squat 700 pounds when i was 16. really what uh what record. book is that in that i can read about because that's that. that's a that's an i know. my stuff that is a world. record that would be amazing that would be the most amazing thing ever. so do that okay. i just didn't tell anybody then do. what i'm doing you do. what i'm doing yeah except you right. now yeah photographic evidence but you know. there weren't cell phones. back then dude i uh that is that is a ludicrous. claim and to. take someone like who's being that. ridiculous there's nothing that. you can do back. that is more ridiculous. it's like saying i flew i flew i i. flew conditional therapy i've flown. in the sky you do. physical conditioning i flew when i was 20. i flew so yeah. you don't i bet you can't. do that you know yeah. yeah people a lot people honestly. lie all the [ __ ] time anyway so oh dude 85 what everyone says is a lie is that a stat no it's what i'm it's my it's matt's book of stats worst book matt the stat book well i remember what mom used to. call you matt this time. yep wanna know why. i do know why why. well you say you'll say it better. so does it no i don't know. and i'll tell you right. now i know you know i know. uh i would memorize all. the statistics of my favorite. baseball players by reading the back of them. so people knew say that. says the same time. it's you because i knew you. knew i knew but i wanted people to. know i knew noobs okay man. imagine if you did that. if you're a therapist i actually want to. i want to. hear from chris about i had therapy. the other day about what when uh childhood. oh sorry that when people say. that they think they're funny. yeah too and that they should be on stage. like what do you say. to those people uh yeah i mean. we were riffing and whatever. but you know it's all good. i usually say oh yeah. um actually what's come to. mind is one time a person. i was at a bar. this is a really long time. ago this is before. i i like people knew. kind of knew who i was almost came out. the wrong way and they do now. before i was just alarmingly famous. and um alarmingly uh this woman came out to. me and she was like see your comedian. i was like yeah and she was like so are you funny. i was like i don't know man. you know it's to. some people i guess and she was like um why. don't you say tell me. a joke which is uh it. happens all the time and i said i uh nah. you know if i don't wanna. i don't wanna she's like come. on just a joke. i was like nah this. is just stupid where to. par you know and like you won't laugh. because you're ready for it. and nah and she was like just do any joke. it's fine any joke. of yours and i was like i don't want. to do that soon about four. times it wasn't comfortable with me because this woman. was just a [ __ ] and i was just laying into. her stand right at her. you know what i mean. okay okay and she was like one said it. again and i said you know. what i'm not gonna do a joke. but if you really want you can just go. online i have jokes on. there type in my name and watch my stuff. and she goes like this. ew in no way. i can't believe you just said that. yeah i believe that yeah and i was like man. you made me this. way but did she obviously didn't want. to see you stand up. interested in talking to. you and having a moment. that you could tell her. friends about yeah or just there's a number of us. you wanted probably the dill's neck. she probably wanted to build. okay well i can't and then that's the dumbest. thing you've ever seen and then i hit and then i hit it. a little strong didn't. i i said why. don't you why don't you just [ __ ] google. me back when you could google. me bro you knew you knew that that when you were saying that. to her you must have known that. that's she wasn't gonna say. oh oh interesting i know but i wanted. to have that okay so then you okay. yeah because i wanted her. to be confronted with oh. he maybe understands that i want. the dills nick i said to. her just bringing it back. i said to. her if she said to. me three times no just do a joke. and i said listen. sweetheart i know what this. is all about you want the dills. neck what do you think she would have said she would have said what. the dilzneck what is that. word take out ilsna [laughter]. you want my dick. yeah all right um yeah so that's what's up. uh you know that's what happens. first that's what's up but then there are people. that say uh what was the thing. i said they say oh i should be a comedian. i now at this. point i say oh you shouldn't now so rude. i do i i we had someone. in our family do that. recently yes not recently. but yes recently recently. enough but there it's it's it. is 95 to 98 women. that do that by the way. and you know why oh really. dude to be perfectly. honest just even being having a brother. who's a comedian but they'll bring no. people will bring it up. and they'll do a similar. thing they'll just buy proxy. through me be like oh you know i've always thought i could do standup. comedy with a version of that. no but i was gonna say. that they were men but don't make me. have to be a liar. but well that's just your experience. i'm not questioning it i. it's like older men oh wow. like dad's age dude. it's like holiday parties what do. you mean yeah family. events it is may better. hang out with older. men um holiday parties the war. is may you know the los angeles. athletic club obviously all right steam rooms. so okay next one hey matt. hey chris uh big fan of the podcast. big fan of all of the content. that y'all are putting out. um thank you i am alyssa. i'm located in indianapolis so if we could get some indie tour. dates that'd be lovely. um i'm gonna predicament so i'm a fourth. year teacher and i'm pretty heavily. tattooed already right um i'm about to. finish this sleeve and i have. like my leg done as well. so i am thinking about getting life. rips tattooed on my fingers here. and i don't know if that's a great. idea i do already have my cuticles done. but they're not super noticeable and so i don't know if that would kind of mess. up my career options. in the future my district. seems okay with it but i don't. know if i want to. be here forever so any and all advice. would be lovely i love y'all. i miss you all whenever you're not on. my tv oh you're awesome. yes so don't get it. well yeah get it and i'm gonna so what what. i'm gonna do is i'm gonna tell the real. answer that is a better. one which is don't do that. why wouldn't you oh that's see. that's actually a good point. yeah it's not like the first. tattoo no you already got it. here right so that means something to. her it it could get lost. in a good way it could get the emphasis. of that would get lost. in the sea of tat. of the added upness if you will. yeah yeah that's cool. though i'm saying i get it. that's why i get it. you know uh so i i still stick. with don't yeah but if you do i do get it. i say do it but just know people will. blame me for uh for that but yeah but do it. yeah it's cool i think it's cool. we'll even make it about. you when it's like that yeah when it's like what. not bad you know. yeah all right yeah i think it's cool. i i think more tattoos the better. i think so sexy than that. cool yeah wow we caught. a glimpse of the next guy he was so sexy. on his bed just like very cool. i got my [ __ ] sleeve got going on see this. is why i didn't want to. talk about it this. is why i didn't want to. talk about tattoos for sure well because now i gotta take a tour. in the museum come this. way ladies and gentlemen. come this way we've got the log cabin. here that's a blueprint right. and i added clouds to. it ah get here let me see there. we go no you're good. now whoopsie daisy i got the clouds. up there it was a nice day. like the tattoo artist slipped. whoa whoops [music]. so but i got the clutch. it was a bright. sunny day and i added some clouds. to it so it became a little bit. overcast bob ross dude. but then i got the flower. and then it was nice it. wasn't connected and then oopsie daisy we connected. it like that dude. shut right but we did though. didn't we oh we did imagine giving a [ __ ] [ __ ] about what you're saying right. now that would be [ __ ] incredible if someone gave a [ __ ] rat [ __ ] about that story i'm [ __ ] incredible with my tats and also i gotta get a [ __ ] you know what that solidified it oh i'm getting an eagle like that and i'm in a [ __ ] an eagle like that okay dead serious and the [ __ ] wings are gonna go crazy like crazy out too so it's gonna look [ __ ] sick dude good luck to. always be alone and naked. because that is a terrible. [ __ ] dude no way when i take my shirt. off and by the way when i get my eagle. take my shirt when i get the eagle. when i the way i take my shirt. off i'm not taking it off. like that anymore i'm straight. up going like this. with one hand you're gonna get so caught i'm gonna hold. on [laughter] oh [ __ ] ah [ __ ] my ankle um. yeah dude that's how i'm gonna do it. i'm gonna only take it. off like that that's cool. and it is cool and you're gonna see the wings first right. because it's gonna come down. off the center and the wing. is gonna be peeking out. they're gonna be what's on the show. oh sh oh [ __ ] bro bro. the amount of fantasies. of you into a microphone. out into. the world is out of control. dude you need help. dude i mean you do that. once every three episodes you know stop illustrating. fantasies of you oh [ __ ] thank you ah [ __ ] that's so hot in here you know i mean it is so hot nelly philosophical. nelly all right all right all right. anytime when you're any guy or a girl. if your hand is near your mouth. you up the level of [ __ ] sex for real yeah that's why that sexy yearbook photo is always like this yeah yeah yeah the guys in montclair new jersey when we were in new jersey yeah the [ __ ] the black dudes that would do like this bro they all looked 35 in high school and they had the like the game remember gamerville that guy remember that one is that in new jersey oh that was your was that you were that was mine yeah yeah and it is because we each got to. have like a caption in the yearbook you know. oh yeah and he was doing this. and underneath was just in all caps. gamerville which is so sick. if you think about it it's so sick. dude and also um if you look back. at those yearbooks now those black dudes still look 35 go ahead. yeah they all yeah because you thought they were older. than you and now even though. they're not older than you are. now they still look older. than you i'm 43 so you know. i'm not sure i understand. what i'm saying is if you do this. so back then you'd look in the yearbook and you'd be like a sophomore. and you'd look at a senior. black dude that guy looks 35. yeah right right now when you're older they still look. 35. you're right it's not that you were younger. looking up yeah what the [ __ ] i kind of. picked up the black don't crack thing. yeah i know well no it's like they don't crack. but still they look. older because they look more mature. okay but when you ask me. to paint a picture i really can so when you said i don't really understand. i go like this i breathe. i say it you fully understand. and then we move on. interesting no but interesting okay. so next one sex together. see what's up with the hot. sexy dude i'll see okay. oh okay what's up. man what's up chris wow. i'll just get right to. it i live in a condo. and i use the gym. there okay you're [ __ ] his mouth a couple weeks ago. i went in to. do a workout i mean. and somebody else walks in this. dude just blaring his. own music no good yeah on a bluetooth speaker and i got my earpods in i'm trying to. listen to a podcast. and it's turned all the way. up i still can't hear it. so then i'm blood red mad. yeah brm and i say okay. i'm just gonna pause my [ __ ] and just ignore. it but then he kept on doing. it and other people walked. into the gym and we're all kind of looking at each other. collectively like what is this. guy doing yeah so i said no screw that i'm gonna say. something nice so i went up. and i said that's sexy. too you know that's a loud. speaker you got there and he's like oh yeah. it's like this uh you know. bose version i'm like just looking at him. and then he kind of sees. it in my face and he goes oh. you want me to. turn it down i'm like yeah dude. it's kind of loud i can't. even hear my my podcast. but i was done my workout. anyway so i kind of just left i'm not asking you guys. if you think it's wrong i know. that it's wrong but what else. would you guys have said like i want. to hear some other spin moves. here thanks guys i actually was at a you know. crave that place whenever it's a restaurant. uh it's one of those ones. my favorite you order. at the counter and then you go. to take your seat. and you got the number 65. nick because here you go. 65 drop it down. right that's my [ __ ] dude. i don't like when the waiters come over. and you got to. make it a whole [ __ ] big deal anyway i digress stop yeah but so that's a whole. nother episode but i was born most. boring episode ever i mean so here's why. i like these guys congratulations. is it's not boy it's not. boring it's good but but um and yes i will be in nashville. coming up so go get tickets. but the uh the this i'm sitting waiting for my coffee. i get my coffee start. drinking it all of a sudden this dude. walks in in the in the cafe. with not only a it's like this. big a bose thing. it's across he's got a strap. and it's behind him walking. in it's like oh yeah cook. that song sounds [ __ ] free me. baby oh yeah let me lick you up. and down was it really that's how you say stop yeah. dude one time when i was in uh college. i was in a what do. you call it room. i was roomed wow forgot. the word room roommate my roommate. was anshul bim johnny. he was indian oh no. he was something whatever he was he supported osama bin laden and that was before i even the twin towers hit so i didn't know who he was so he was on the cutting edge what do you mean yeah he was like he would talk about osama bin laden and he'd be like this guy is actually the real guy what yeah i don't know what he was not indian that was really really racist that i said that but anyway that was pretty [ __ ] up uh he uh i wouldn't know the [ __ ] out of him because he was annoying. and uh and i was i was singing. that once as i was going. to bed and i said uh let me like you up. and uh until you say stop and he says stop dude. and i will never forget. that it was so funny. what's the guy's name again. johnny well i'm sure that's a [ __ ] you're a ball or a thing i never met him but you know the name right yeah that's yeah so anyway um well the worst anyway all right uh over the proper punishment oh yeah he had the [ __ ] boombox and i didn't say anything because i was like i want to. ride this out and see how long he's going. to do it he eventually. turned it down so my thing is i'd let the guy have a few. minutes i'd give him a grace. period yeah i think he did. but yeah keep going okay. um that's him yep wow. what a surprise i've looked i've tried. to look him up. before what a surprise turn of events. you obviously didn't try that. hard it took chris 30. seconds i don't have linkedin. is that linkedin yep. whoa whoa does he look. so different now look he went to. nyu no it looks exactly. the same trying to. find out if chris is a liar. or not oh lucky lucky he's a good. nyu yeah ask him about his freshman. year roommate ask him. about osama bin laden it could have. been someone else i don't know. but i think it was osama bin. laden well i mean all right that was so fun that was four years before 9 11. though well he was still he was just a big fan. of i mean he was the biggest figure i know but it was a big. figure wow interesting yeah okay. that was like around when uh bill. clinton tried to kill him. probably yeah maybe i don't know. really history that much well i do so i know. a lot bill clinton did it. but bill clinton did it. different kind of different. different kind of inside. job do you think so no i don't think that you know. what i'm saying an inside. job no you don't think what i don't think any of the things. i said because it was obviously. a joke oh but did someone try to. kill him back then. who osama bin laden yes oh osama bin laden was on he was they tried bill. clinton tried to assassinate him that's that's not. so you're not [ __ ] no not that part is not that part is not [ __ ] okay so uh so british. that part is not [ __ ] so then so then what is [ __ ] that you're saying that it was an inside job that it was an inside job by bill. clinton but if it was by bill. clinton then it wasn't and then it wasn't 911. an inside job oh dude. nobody said 9 11. yeah. i did dude nobody said we were obviously. on tape so whoever wants to. can rewind go back see. what's what's up well. i mean all right. that was so [ __ ] that was four. years before 9 11. though well let's definitely not go. back all right let's let's go. back at your leisure but the point. is don't wear a [ __ ] boom box in a cafe and definitely don't bring it. at the gym because the gym. has its own music. by the way sort of the cafe. so now this is two things. where it's like a dj in the middle. of songs mixing it's so annoying. dude the the the ego the you know. what you are you're worse. than the guy playing the guitar. at the party you know what i'm thinking. about it i kind of went. off into days there it's because i'm thinking about this. and i'm like i'm trying to. imagine a version of myself. that would do anything. like that that is like so far. away from my character my like down. to my fiber like that is so i would be so keenly aware. of how much i might be bothering other. people yeah you'd feel so bad. i would just like too that would be like you couldn't pay. me enough to. do that to people it's like so [ __ ] crazy for two grand but okay well cash okay cool uh but yeah dude that's just i mean that's bonkers and so again i think the response or the thing that you do when you approach should be commeasure it. too that complete. absurdity to measure it yeah. like make it as absurdive as that. if you want you have a long. leash because that is ridiculous. behavior it's ridiculous dude. making other people listen. to your dumb [ __ ]. it was [ __ ] puddle of mud for sure. too what while puddle. of mud i'm always like afraid to. uh confront people well i'm afraid to. confront people like that because you think. if they're insane enough to. do this then they're probably insane. enough to [ __ ] be true. carrying a gun and would just be like oh yeah. is that what you think that's a bit. overboard but yeah right. that does mean there are a certain level. of something yes they're a wild. card for a while because their brains are obviously. completely [ __ ] [ __ ] up because they go into. a public place blasting. their own [ __ ] stupid [ __ ] up. music yeah so you're not starting out. in the same place. already right exactly and i'm just yeah. my risk reward uh but you gotta just the thing you gotta do is you gotta act like you are just as crazy if not more i would go like this what the [ __ ] right yeah right that's what i would do but you got to. do that early dude so you got to. be ready for [ __ ] in this. world because you got to. be ready to. go what the [ __ ] because if you wait too long. then it becomes what this. guy's wondering what do i say. what do i do what do i do. but a natural reaction of that. is great so you got to. be ready yeah to. give the world that reaction very good. point or you can get an oops. button at chrisley dot com and just go. hit him with it stop talking. with your own [ __ ] but yeah right do that. yeah i mean more what i said. but yeah yeah but i'm saying if you have those button you can work out. with it you could do that. it's possible yeah who oh you know. what you do for real. right when that guy's doing good. who wants him to. turn his music off raise. their hand and then everyone would raise. their hand it's true. [ __ ] hilarious that would be good too that'd be good dude. that requires a lot. of different things though. just a reaction yeah very simple. and easy and anyone can do it. okay yeah so one size fits. all reaction to. an [ __ ] um okay all right wanna do another one. um love both of you. guys so um my sister and i are super close. i would assume like you guys. and we really want to. start a podcast and so not just that. i want advice on how to. start a podcast like on technical. levels on like merchandise like standards. stuff like that but my main question is we are not famous. like you guys are um you guys. have a lot of fame. and so there was already clout there. put in place to. kind of promote your podcast. what advice do you have. for my sister and i who want to. kind of create a similar. vibe in terms of having a sibling. podcast if we have pretty much no fame thanks. guys love you guys. thank you first of all. i would say don't but if you're going. to well i don't we'll start. explaining too many podcasts i. don't agree but but if you're going. to make it about a specific. thing find a lane yeah. people will find you yeah you can blow up. that way if it's just hey we're sisters. i don't think it's going. to work i i think you're right. yeah i think you're right. but because then you got you got some but i uh just to. address the first part of completely dashing. her dreams i'm obviously i'm i'm joking. but there are a lot of podcasts. out there and it's a very hard landscape. too right but but this you got to. think of it like there's somebody out. there or some group. of people out there. that you've said this before. okay again i'm just saying this. is very truly you and that's good. you're consistent well there's somebody out. there or some group. of people out there. that the podcast that they want. to be listening to. is the one you're thinking of starting. yeah so give that to. them that's the way to. think of it you're welcome. hold it you're welcome. yeah yeah yeah uh but provide. something i think you find. something specific because then i don't not only are they subscribing. to you they might be like oh this. is about a bad example. but this is about you know. home furniture i love home. furniture you guys talk about home. furniture i'm gonna listen. to that right whatever it is. obviously enough home furniture but home furniture could be good. though yeah the home furniture podcast. so boring the home furniture couches it's called. um hi welcome to. couches with amanda and my sis. um yeah so that's uh touches would actually be a thing. i would watch without question. oh yeah 100 just based off. title alone yes couches yes. um yeah so i think that that's my advice. uh other than that other. than that just do it. you know stop waiting just be a pimp and start. okay i'm not sure that just be about about it. pimp like get a bunch of women. that work for you that. will have sex with men. and you take a cut just be about it. bout it pimp and pimpin. booyah booyah and booyah yeah. it's the same thing three times. okay well all right we want to. drive it home all right. so that's it yeah and i appreciate you. guys listening uh chrisley dot com. for tour tickets uh i will be in your area. if not yet i'm adding dates. next week i believe next. week um but yeah go to. watch lifeline dot com if you have a question. or leave us a message. on the hotline 2139738095 um. oneonone advice sessions with matt. at matalia dot com. and the new lifeline merch. very cool them purple. hoodies are almost out. lifelimerch dot com uh and like and subscribe. please that really helps us. and leave a comment for that. algorithm we'll see you next week. guys thank you very. much hello [music] 