 runk hello hello hello not just saging waving my fling. all right so here's the deal. we are it is lifeline. and this is we are kicking things off. in the new year. uh so join our patreon. do join our patreon at lifeline. luxury patreon dot com lifeline. luxury join us and be a part. of it 2024 is going. to be amazing for lifeline. luxury and it's just us. messing around having a good. time no submissions just brotherly. love uh bant bant s in it. um you can uh get stream grow. or die at crystalia my new. special i will also be in sacramento. i added a second show. there sacramento january. 13th i'll be in brea. california phoenix arizona el paso texas albuquerque. new mexico and a bunch of other dates. go to chrystal lea dot com. thank you very much uh i'm on. tour so get those tickets chris. dot com yay yay uh submit yourself. as a potential guest. to my upcoming podcast. the private record but guess what that's coming. out late even better news. that is being released. the private record is coming out january. 24th first drops bing bing bing set your bing bong alarms because january 24th the private record is released into. the world if you want to. submit yourself as a potential guest. go to the private record. dot com follow us on instagram. and tik tok at theprivate. record go to youtube. dot com/ theprivate record. subscribe don't miss an episode. or a clip micro machine. guy you want to. uh you want to. uh you want a private. oneonone session guess what you. can do that mata dot com. book your boy uh mata. dot com i'll give you the best. advice you ever received in your life. and you will want to. thank me and kiss. me and hug me that's great. always trying to. cut me off early why answer. me now i don't know i don't try. to do that to. you when you're saying phoenix i know in atlanta i know. and i tred to. and frankly i said it. so fast i know you do so why do you do that. talk to your therapist. talk to your therapist. about it because i think it's funny. but it's not that funny so we live we live and we learn. you know we do uh if you have a question. some some kind of advice. you're seeking for this show. you want to. be on this show click. the link in the description below. or just go to. watch lifeline dot com you know what i think i like and i was actually thinking about this. i'm reading this magic m thing. that i drink and it says subtly. sweet on there and i like that. i don't like overly sweet. as as i think that happens. naturally as we get older like dad dude how weird is this dad what i mean when we were kids i don't know if you remember but we would drink coke and dad would say can i have can i have your coke for a second he would take it pour one like just a little bit into. his water yeah and i be like that. what you doing you're now. you're you have two things that are good. water and coke. you just made one thing. that tastes like ass but by the way. on purpose and now you're only drinking. the one thing but by the way. he would only do that. like in my memory like twice. a year yeah no never but he just i actually just did it. like a couple months ago. and i was like you still do. that maniac really yeah. wow yeah i i don't well i don't really know. that or or or like i don't think i'd know. that very well except for now. that i have kids like well. calvin because he's almost four. not not not billy yet but because he just doesn't eat. really anything yet but umh calvin is like i mean. when candy comes around. he's like like i don't remember being like that. oh i'm sure we both were sure. i mean most kids are right. that i guess so but i'm it's it's like dude. he loves candy like he says uh i don't like food. i only like candy oh and it's hilarious. but he'll like i don't know. he he he uh he loves chocolate. and he he actually asked me. he's like can i not eat food. can i just eat like chocolate. oh dude you know what i just remember. you know about me legendarily. in the family yeah we were on. vacation once as a family. in long beach island when we lived. in new jersey and long beach. island and i mean so jersey to. say to be to. even like have that near you. long beach island long beach. island that's but i only l. i i only i refused to. eat real food for i don't even. know how long like a few days. at least maybe a week. you probably did eat something. that's what i always mom. said mom was like no. i asked her that but mom. watch it well we all exaggerate in our family. and so does mom anyway. i don't remember so i have to. rely on her memory she says all i ate was those. candy smarties and one day like just out. of the blue i started. screaming for my mom from the bathroom. and she ran in and i was like terrified. because in the toilet there. was just like a purple. log of dud dauki in there. from my r reus maximus. and it was just bright. purple well okay i have a memory that now this can't be right. i just i must have made it. up that that we have video recording. of it we don't though. you know how dad had his big. oh i don't think so yeah. yeah he was just like k. cal news okay everybody get in the frame. what are you guys doing. um anyway yeah uh so it couldn't like do you believe the poop. was purple i do and here's why when i was 12. i was obsessed with those candies. gushers even at that age. i love love love the electric blue ones. which is don't eat don't. eat anything you know what you did. love gushers and here's here's the here's the the repercussions. of loving gushers i gushed. out of my butt electric blue poop after i had like three packs in one day and i was older i had no excuse you with the electric blue poops the electric poops i want to. rock down to electric poop avenue. um when's the last time. you guys had like frosted. flakes wor cist um i mean. i don't so long. ago i really own. only eat now like ice cream. yeah and then it's always way. too late at night. for sweet i don't not eat. sweets like i i i do. i i feel like i eat healthy. up until like 11: that's so bad. me too though i know but it's just it's so bro. it is so nice to. sit down grab a tub of ice. cream and turn on some [ __ ] you know what i agree. it's just it's it's unfair. it's like come on jesus. i wanted it's unbelievable. dude there are days where it's like 5:00. p.m. and i'm doing something work in or whatever. uh and i'm like why can't it. be 10:30 yet yeah so i can go. get the ice cream right it's like i i want the ice cream the same. amount but at 500 p.m. i'm like. i eat ice cream now. no it's not yeah dude. you know what dude. i a few nights ago. was like like maybe i'll go to. bed early because i want to. get a lot of sleep. and i knew i had to. get up at whatever time and i was sitting on the couch. and i was like do i really want to. do that and i had this. moment that lasted like 30. seconds where i was like man. i so don't want to. do that because wow if i stay up. it's g to. be so fun and if i go to. sleep early m tomorrow i got to. wake up and wait so long for the next. day to be over to. be chilling with ice cream. yes and thing that's [ __ ] on and i had and it was like such a real feeling. it wasn't just like a thought it. was like my whole body. felt it and i and and i thought this is going. to suck if i go. to bed early right. yeah yeah like those are the you know i i have a similar thing. where i'm so by far. the most anxiety free by. far by far l. what's that what is that. it's um i can't remember his name. uh we called him i can't. remember what it was but when i went back. to new jersey um like for the first time. in a long time. and i saw all my old friends. there was another oh frills oh that. guy frills the guy that went by. the nickname frills yeah frills and he was i was like what's your name. he's like frills i was like what he's like frills frills he's like yeah. like for reals frills that's a great. name yeah and by the way. i was i don't know how old i was at this. point 16 no yeah yeah you were like yeah yeah and uh and and i would say and i would say every time i would say something he would agree with he'd be like by far by far by far oh i love that dude. that's really good it so. makes no sense by far by far oh that's how have i that's a good one. damn all right so anyway go. ahead doing that now i don't i have. no recol of what i was saying. i'm sorry i'm the most anxiety. free late so even when i'm like eyelids are so heavy at like 9:30 10. some days if i get up really and i got a lot. to do that day. i'm so just zoned. but i'm like but but then if i don't get to. the part of the day. that i enjoy it'll be morning. and i'll have not enjoyed part. of the day in so long. yes it is that dude. why what happened to. us that that's something well i think it's i think it. makes sense maybe it's not. tell me if it's the same. for you but because the days yeah exactly. you don't how to. do it you have responsib are so stressful. and full of exactly responsibilities. by the end nobody's got anything. to do nobody's gonna email you about this. or that nobody's gonna call you with this. problem you could chill. wow life is good though. huh like you don't have. to at late at night. or just in general no just in general. like life is sometimes. good yeah you know sometimes. but some days it's awesome. and then you wake up the next. day and you're like i didn't know it. wasn't going to. be this it wasn't going. to be awesome how about some days. you wake up and you're just dizzy. yeah dude i had to. happen that is the worst tuesday. was that yesterday yeah. i had that yesterday yeah. yeah yeah it's terrible. up until i went to. the lakers game it feels like your eyes. are trying to. go crossed all the time. yeah it sucks oh dude. hey doctors hey doctors fix that. no we're the doctors we have a podcast. we're the doctors and we're talking about ailments. and we're and we're exposing things. diagnosticians that's what we are okay. the worst podcast name diagnosticians. nobody would know what it means um that's what. we did we named it. now other doctors need to. cure it thank you all. the doctors that watch this show thank you. wow is there anyone who says thank you. that's not a [ __ ] like a [ __ ] at heart. you mean yeah uhhuh. like in their heart thank you. like there isn't anybody and i don't mean. [ __ ] female any male or female it. doesn't matter i know what you mean. you don't mean like a mean. woman you mean like a [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah dude i saw there was a guy at the laker game last night that was like they would they do the dance cam you know by the way i made it on the jumbotron hey all right it was mostly about the women i were with you know because they were dancing doing so you didn't really make it they the jumbotron guys legit especially at the lakers game i don't know but they try to. get the hottest women on her of course. you would too i would too i guess. and kids right. yeah kids too but but it's so funny. dude it's so cute. when the kids get on and they're so happy. they're like i'm on tv hey idiot you're not on tv. but it's so cute it's not that. that cute no i think it's cute. cuz they think it's such a big. deal and it's like hey kid nothing's a big deal you're going. to die soon all right. it's cute but here's what the overwhelming thing. is this is what i hate about. jumbotrons i get on the jumbotron. this everybody on the jumbotron. oh mhm like you mean. they don't know where it is. they don't know where the camera. is everybody and i don't like that. um what do you mean. you expect everybody to. be like camera vers like oh there. it is but anyway um so we they got on the jumbotron. they were dancing and then i like a [ __ ] leaned in oh that's cool. and i was like and i i i because they were pretty. right and i lean and i go and i'm like oh [ __ ] we're in the jumbo tron yeah i lean in i go oh god and i lean i don't look good yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well not pasty white dude i need a tan go outside but i don't do it go outside it's so easy to. go outside you have to. go outside for a long time. though no you don't not if you're as pale as you you'll. get a tan in like 15es sat. in the sun the other day. can you tell a little 20. minutes you don't you you. don't look as translucent. as you usually do i don't know. if that's true anyway subscribe to. lifeline luxury for more of us. just chatting but we're going to. patreon dot com lifeline lury if you don't sign. up you hate us the end. that might be true. a lot of people who hate us. wouldn't sign up if you like us. you will sign up. so that's the one i don't know if that's gen 100%. true but anyway right. so let's do uh a submission you can. get a tanning bed. for $33,000 well that's too much. and no don't do that. but but also they're too they're too big. yeah where you going to. put it well well you know. you have a house you could put it somewhere. but like not really not in my house. i mean there's no place. put in the studio. here well we already have. an exercise bike that takes. up too much space. and no one uses gu's got. an assault bike for no. reason you know it's got it's got a bunch of [ __ ] jackets on it i used it earlier i lost i literally already in no time i dropped 1.4 calories just like that yeah that's not hard to. do but it not so hold. on so uh you shouldn't get a panning. bed no of course not just go. outside that's weird no one. is thinking you should he just said that. they sell them they do. sell them yeah yeah i mean. i was i was joking. he wasn't like suggesting know. that but i'm just saying people buy them. for their houses for sure yeah that makes no sense. no like defitely have but why wouldn't you just go. outside because they it's like a flex. probably it's like oh got it. also for some people w wow actually possessed. for two seconds there you think it's ranks. possessed by shab rank that's what it. is it's hard to. get a tan right. now in january okay. not if you're me. the uv index has next episode. watch watch me next episode i will be so tan. and i will not have used a tanning. bed it's just like the movie. that is my promise. like the movie soulman i'm going. to be really tan. okay imagine they made soulman. today soulman is just unbelievable. that it ever got made we'll talk about that. on luxury though okay. i'll talk about let start. let's go yeah do you guys. remember taking down memory l. it was a it was a rainy. day also to. perfect strangers when they get two. tan and balky and cousin. larry no never mind of course not oh never mind. never mind of course not okay. all right all all right. all right let's do this. submission come on chrystal. soet since i started growing out my hair. i've been told that i look. like jesus but i don't really know. how to best respond. i've been doing things like going. to hell going. to hell a higher power. and exerting it onto them. well don't do that that doesn't really get the crowd. going so looking for any kind of sp. he's a nurse you know. all right here's the thing. about being told you look. like jesus no i'll even let's go. beforehand cut your hair that'll help. people stop saying it also in general. it looks wet it look. like a wet do it. looks it looks doesn't look. good doesn't look good when it's wet. at least maybe when it's dry uh so i've been told i look. like jesus since i could grow facial. hair basically uh and it doesn't matter. at all so you don't need to. do anything about it okay. anybody that has some anybody that has kind of long hair. and kind of facial hair there. will be people that are that say. okay jesus oh you got the jesus. look going on it doesn't you don't. do anything you keep moving cuz it sucks. and when things suck. that bad you just keep moving. you don't pay at no. mind you don't like come up. with like a response to. it you act like it. didn't happen because you wish it. didn't happen because it sucked. so bad so you want you want. to specifically not acknowledge what they said. so that they feel like oh wait did. he did he either not hear me. or does he actually dislike it. that much he doesn't want to. hear it at all. either one of those ways you've won. and so it's a nonresponse that is key. in this scenario you're welcome. just say well dude just go like it's just as sac. religious say go to. hell sacriligious can't do that go to. hell and then go like this. or if they think you are go. like this cancer for you. that's good too touch their face. cancer for you lymphoma i mean. so dark you know a specific kind of cancer. yeah yeah i mean that's just uh eat coli. you're going to eat dirty. turkey e so gross. you know dirty just the two words. together dirty turkey it's good. is absolutely disgusting dude dirty. man oh wow now now you got to. do that well i just the guy. you would get so mad. at me if i did that. dude anytime i bring up. some kind of i know. but then why do you get mad. at me i can explain. it too but you don't got out. of that one no dude. we had a friend well we have a friend. yeah but he used to. live here yeah uh and uh and he would go man. and he would say oh dirty. whenever something was cool. right when he thought something was cool. he say that's dirty man. man dirty god he was so funny. huh that cloth my brother's girls. loed out huh. dude when he saw a pile of chris's old clothes. that that chris was going. to get rid of he looked. at them and he said what's up. with that clothes i will never forget. it what's up with that. clothes and i was like what. he was like that clothes over. there and i said wait. what are you talking about. it's those clothes he was. like no that clothes and i was like what. do you mean cuz they were in a i think he thought. cuz they were in a box. you could just single it. out like it become singular when they're all contained. that's so wrong that close. he was so confused. though cuz he was like i think it's wrong. but also that close. like like he was it. was 51% that close. he thought right you know. right right and went with it. stripping uh all right so next one. nice c ang hi chris. hi matt hello um first of all if you're seeing this. thank you for having me. on the show i love lifeline. so much i love you. both so much thank you love. you too and i look forward. to the show every week. so thank you also to. your producers chris and anthony. so thanks your parents. who had sex and made you so neighborhood am not calling today to. inquire for any personal. advice i actually that's thee i've ever more. lighthearted thoughtprovoking question for the two. of you because i just genuinely love the banter. b also curious just to. hear your thoughts and opinions said nothing. so a question that i often like to. ask friends just a general conversation. starter monolog mon is if you could have a private. dinner with one notable figure dead or alive there. we go who would it. be and why oh dude. i am very curious to. see who you both pick and how that. conversation would go or what. kind of questions you would ask them. she should opportunity to. have a private dinner they' be. like we um i'm curious to. see if it's like histor figure or someone i mean yeah she said famous. orasan st so let me know um i can't wait to. hear say you're done and if you like questions. like this i can definitely call in again. because i have plenty more where that. came absolutely well yeah we love it. so we love it. keep calling in thanks so much. love you both it's okay. you know nice nails. nice nails nice robe. rob nice christmas nails. though she's so robed out she's so chilling. look at the soft blanket. on her w she's chilling. thinnest tree ever that's a branch she has a branch for christmas. branch tree is crazy. dude um hey dude this a tree this. is a tree with the ornaments. on it look worst. ornament holy night cover your face. doesn't want anybody to. smell your [laughter] breath oh all. is high look oh. i'm looking all that's a tree. no i love how he says look. and we're recording a show you. know you don't even say. look at anything you're being recorded. and thousands and thousands i know tens. of thousands now calvin does. it dude he says look yeah he i mean. you're [ __ ] not only that he goes like this. oh that's just like manipulates my. that's so rude so it's so funny. dude well yeah now he goes like this. look look on tv look. oh like buddy what if he still did. it when he's like you know 28. all right so dead or alive. my my my kneejerk my my the one that i would pick. and have has been this. it's been this way for decades. is tupac jesus christ you. don't think that that's good. jesus christ jes christ. you don't think really you're that. shocked no i would pick jesus. christ or i kind of want. to i i would love to. also napoleon bro a villain as i was gonna say like a um hit genas. kong oh genas kong but then. communicating with genas kong you be. like i know no the salt. pass the salt are you. sure just like no one. cut off my head you know. um so it's implied obviously that there's a translator there. we could communicate yeah. adding i don't know french but uh exactly. well i don't know you know. aramaic but i would like jesus. christ i i think jesus christ. jesus spoke uh english. now he was white he says lit. and stuff and he spoke english. hey hey ly like a titty. what did you say litty. like a titty litty. like a titty okay hey. hey hey yolo hey you know. what yolo maybe he did. say yolo um but yeah no i uh i think i think. i don't know but off the top. of my head i'm pretty sure. i would ultimately be like i guess. i got to pick jesus. christ i'm not even christian understand. yeah yeah yeah yeah i got to. know what he what he was led to. you know would pick uh uh tupac. or sebastian stan or um the guy from sideways. not paul giamatti who's the other guy. he played sidman y thomas haen church. i'd have so many questions. about sandman from spiderman. character that's he played sandman oh. yeah he did uh yeah. he played sandman yeah i guess. i guess um [ __ ] yeah yeah okay jesus or the kid. from young sheldon i mean get so many like whatever actors a lot. of living guys yeah uh so what's it like being on young. what's like being what on young. sheldon so what's it like being on young. sheldon he's like 12 he's. like i don't but uh dude okay our producer just did the craziest yeah. he slayed a dragon. that was what that was him. blowing his nose sounded like. an elephant being mauled. no it sounded like a one. of the like a like a like a clown with the like did. this thing yeah all right. like it said somebody you should have. said happy new year. before it um okay but so yeah that's what i would pick. or you know i would really like to. pick like i would really like to. pick tupac but you did pick tupac. i know i think i would have to. pick tupac why is sebastian stan i'm joking. man hey anth you know. me you know me. oh dude because i really want to. know about his how he got into. character and winter soldier anthony. dude you knew he was kidding. i really didn't hey dude. hey dude oh my god that. hulu thing you did what was it. called so when you were in pam. and tommy what was that. like meanwhile i'm at the other table with jesus. christ yeah yeah yeah yeah chris is looking over like i wish. i anon's like this over leaning over to. my side why did he pick seban stand. and missing miracles and [ __ ] jes yeah that's a good question. but yeah jesus christ. um jesus christ jesus christ. and sebastian stone are our two answers. hitler would be a crazy. one that's i a villain. would be a villain. is is more interesting. in many because you're not that. way so like what you would. be like what you are very. much like jesus right. you want to. also know with someone like that it's like how yes my main question about someone like how did you get so many people on your side. you're so obviously terrible there's something. in there like what's going. on i would just want to. see it so i could be like okay. imagine so confusing to. me you know with hitler. would be like dinner with hitler. a play a twohanded. play hank's area would. be in it hank. his area and then would be play he would play hitler. with like his one of his great. accents and and he would get nomin. for for a [ __ ] tony wow that's good hank iseria. as hitler dude you know. what's crazy about aaria dude. he's so yolked you. ever seen his isy [ __ ] arms dude. no no dude there's a movie did. with jennifer anderson where he plays. like a the sexy something. guy oh shirts off the whole time. and you go what the [ __ ] aaria dude. he's got the be f. him he's got money too that's for sure. oh from the simpsons oh. yeah oh yeah uh he got that. simpsons money did he do. the up poo voice he used. to i mean what he that. is people there's a whole documentary. about how [ __ ] up that stereotype. was yep well times change my friends. times change yeah who cares. about any of it. you know yeah for sure. so anyway let's to. next one hey guys want. to take a break and talk. to you about draftkings. an official betting partner. of the nfl playoffs is bringing you an offer that'll help make make the playoffs electrifying new customers can bet five bucks on any game and get 200 instantly in bonus bets. 200 instantly in bonus bets. come on my favorite. team even though i have no affiliation whatsoever is. the detroit lions always. has been thank you barry. sanders and they're my team. this year in the playoffs. the spread is three they're big. favorites but i'm still putting my money. on them if i'm making bets. uh don't tell my mommy download the draftkings. sportsbook app now and use code. lifeline new customers can bet just five bucks. to get 200 instantly in bonus bets. only on draftking sportsbook with code. lifeline the crown is yours. gambling problem call 1 1800 gambler or visit www. dot 1 1800 gambler. net in new. york call 8778 hopen or text heny. 467 369 in connecticut help is available for problem. gambling call 8 8887895118 varies by. jurisdiction void in ontario. bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. c dk dot com for eligibility and deposit restrictions. terms and responsible gaming. resource ources what's up chris and matt. big fan of the show. get right to. it that's a hell of a muscle. last night i was hanging out. with my buddy we were drinking. having a good time and then he admits. that the last time. he was hanging out with me and my girlfriend. uh oh he admits. that he was flirting. with her oh and not only that but he says that apparently she was flirting. back with him god which i don't believe. at all cuz i was there. you know noticed i think and i you know. i asked him like well what. did you say what do. you mean mean like flirting. he didn't tell me what. he said but he says that. there was an implication and he was kind of coming. to me like almost like apologetically and i was like oh yeah. like don't worry about it. and i didn't know what to. say so i was just like i think sometimes. when guys and girls talk they only thing. they know how to. do is flirt with each other. and i regret saying that. because i don't believe that. at all he asking me. how do i be friends. with a girl and not like flirt. and i was like uh i don't know just act like she's one of the bros. and or just but like i don't know. just don't flirt with her not. that hard so i want to. bring this up again. but i don't want to. be a sadic about it. so yeah what should i say. and what should i do. this is a great submission. first things first though how is the front of his hair. the exact same as the mustache. what do you mean. look at the shape of the front of his hair. the top of it. it is exactly the same. shape as his mustache pretty good i wonder if his pubes are like that i they just come down a little bit on side. and then nothing there's a nose. over it um yeah that that's weird. bro your friend sucks dude. like why is this. guy mak he's making it. a problem and you don't even give a [ __ ] and you think it didn't happen. exactly you were there. you didn't think it you didn't see. it your girl probably thinks it. didn't happen of course so why. is he he's just a little mcshit. starter this gu guy yeah. yeah he's trying to. instigate he's an instigator d aiden. mcshit starter this guy. from ireland why that bothers me. dude aiden um 82 remember no what is that you don't. oh ad do do you the plumber. dude yeah what do i do. i can't get my i don't know. what to do i can't. get my ad do no. i don't know that at all. all right um and i'm happy. i don't well no no. trust me you'd be happy. if you knew what it was but anyway i will watch i will. watch into got into. um so all right uh bring it. up just bring it up. dude like don't worry here's the thing. that guy broke so many. unspoken rules it's weird. it's weird and some spoken ones. like that is just it's it's it. teeters into like rudess you're just. making something out of nothing. for no reason hey dude i flirted with your girl. at all no you didn't yeah. i did it was weird. yeah exactly that's what happ that's. literally what happened and she knows. it and she flirted back that's what happened. that's literally what this guy. like you don't don't worry about. being a dick or not. just like don't try. to be a dick. but don't worry about it. he didn't worry about it. you don't owe him. that in fact this guy's not. probably not a good friend. like what is this guy. doing i'm trying to. think about if i did that. so i'm trying to. think about if i flirted and knew i flirted with my friend's girlfriend. hold on and yeah i would feel bad you feel. bad and not bring it up. in the hopes that. no one noticed or agreed. and i would then i would not do it. again and then you'd be relieved. right right right right you got like you're like oh thank god. nobody notic i'm i'm never going to. do it again but but dude. what a such a psycho unless this. guy's like a sober. dude like a super so some of those super sober. dudes are like i have to. admit my shortcomings like no matter. what and sometimes those people are like you're like dude. you know you don't have to. i have to tell you guys. i i i left i left. the i left the gate. open in my house and i'm i'm so upset. you're just like bro this. is not my problem shut the [ __ ] up you know boring. um it's boring it is boring. but this in this case. it's it's not boring well. no it's not that it's not. boring it's that it's you're affecting. you're making everything worse yeah. you know so yeah way. worse i mean it wasn't bad. at all honestly laugh about. it with your girl laugh. about it with your girl. talk to your girl. about of course that but if he wants. to bring it up. with him which is his right. then just what i'm saying is. bypass the thing in your brain. that is making you feel. like it's going to. sound like you're a dick. a you're not gonna because you're just you're a good. guy you're not going to. be a dick but b don't like don't. worry about it even. if you did sound like a dick. it would actually be somewhat. warranted because this guy [ __ ] made a whole drama go that far this. guy made a whole drama out. of nothing yeah that's the that's a thing. that's a it's are you. sure it's this just sounds like something. you know what dude. this is some sounds you know. what i already does. this guy go like this. wait um wow didn't even know what you ask. i but i forgot what. it was does this guy. go like uh what was the thing. we said that [ __ ] do when [ __ ] early say thank you thank you yeah he's a [ __ ] right that's crazy that is that is that is crazy he's a little [ __ ] starter dude that's what i'm saying dude you're a little [ __ ] starter man i don't like [ __ ] starters even though i one not there's only room for no i'm not i'm not like that no i know i like when two people disagree i'm like oh i want them to. to tussle about it. yeah yeah yeah you want to. work it out yeah. but i like seeing them. argue and stuff really yeah because i like to. argue but like in good fun. i don't like when people actually get upset. you know yeah right i get it. at all but take a vanetta what are you said. oh nice yeah hey you know. what joke i hate the most is. is this joke our mommy saw your wallet. recently i don't have any money. in it so sad. my money but uh just robbed. you you know david blae the the when you have your wallet. on the thing and and dude. i hate don't don't even. say it i'm gonna get s piss. why people do this. it's not funny i have good. friends that have done this. to me multiple times and i have. already told them it's so boring. and a waste time yes dude okay so say it this. is what it is your w's on. the table it's usually right. when you do it you put the wall. on the table you. talk you're oh that i mean. that is even more annoying than the thing. i thought you were what did. you think oh you pretending oh you're pretending. you're stilling my money give it back. say something like this. you know if you leave your wallet. out there somebody's going to. swipe it if you're not careful. that that's well that's annoying. yeah but that's honestly. regular annoying that's like what. are you doing this. is like you think you are. doing something they think they're actually getting. away with it no they think it's funny. they think it's they want you. to see it yeah no that's the whole thing. is that they go. like this they go like this. or like or or it. happens a lot like look i got a new wallet. oh let me see oh let me. see oh cool let me see let see. and they take the money. out and they're like i would do that. i would do that one. that's not funny i didn't do. it though right now so maybe i wouldn't do it. truth comes out it's not it. i guess there's a way. to do it funny. but my god dude it's one of the things. that i can't stand the most and it. happens too much i got to. be honest i don't think that has ever happened. to me it will you're unfortunate it's unfortunate it's happened. to you so many times it'll happen. to you now that you said. it it will just like that. guy get new friends i got one friend and you know who you are dude. nice so many so many people are like it's dan. that's me until you said it's dan. okay next hi chris and matt. oh my god we've se from scotland. guy with the beard that was asking for advice. the guy with the beard so one of the things. i totally blanked on was the fact that i should have said when i asked for advice. on my beard whether i should keep it. or not i actually have a really big corporate job. believe it or not fuing. this i've got like hand tattoos and all that. mental but since hearing back from you guys i don't know if it's i hold myself two things oh uh number one is what did he called about originally number two what is he saying i think i mean the f the first thing he called about was asking if he should shave his beard or not right right oh cuz he got a and now he's saying because he has a corporate job and he left out the fact that he got a corporate job right is that what he's saying yeah he's got the tattoos and he already got he already got the job well let him finish all right let me finish let me finish let me finish what is that south park. oh okay cool hit play. whatever but i have been given a confidence. boost it's something i do lack in and i just wanted. to say thanks for that i was walking. onto a flight the other day. business class and the air. stward who was straight surprise was like um wow. this is you you look. so well presented so i straight my beard and had like a shirt. in that one and uh and and you know. it's so nice to. get me compliments now. and then but here it's also much. nicer to have a bit of confidence. and i just wanted to. say thanks to. you guys so it's not all don't you. but mostly me cheers. hell yeah what did. we do we gave him compliment. you said before you said his beard. was nice and he should keep it. yeah right yeah so why are you acting confused. man this isn't english it's english. it's talking in rewind i mean. i know it's going to. be annoying to. you but it's more english. than how we talk that's not annoying. to me okay cool that is not annoying. to me uh but yeah no i actually maybe surprisingly. fully understood what you're saying yeah. okay i here's what i understood he had. we he has a beard. that that we liked we talked about it. i i vaguely remember i do. remember yeah he was like should i shave it. yeah should i yeah right. we said no cuz we love it. it's a great it. is a great beard right. i mean a beard that. looks like an upside down. broom is killer that is a truly great i mean. you turn you spin his head. around and you put a red ball. in the middle of his face. he's beaker okay and he's what beaker. from the muppets and i what the [ __ ] i i think that he um looks great and so what he's saying so what he send us now is he's sending a video saying thank you thank you and it made me feel confident. and now i have confidence and in my corporate. job i don't feel like weird. because i have it but on top. of that he was on. a flight recently right. i heard that and a straight male flight. attendant don't know why specifically all right. because because for some reason if the more higher. you up in the atmosphere. the more you want to. [ __ ] guys oh is that true. i don't apparently every steward is every male steward is like. gay as [ __ ] i don't what. is it about being near. the clouds i don't think that's it. but yeah well okay you think they're straight. when they're on the ground. and they get up further up. i think the more time. you spend the more time you spend it's a good. call back but more it's great. it's great i was already. talking i i already talking no. but um the more time. you spend up above 30,000 ft. then yes you start thinking hm. wonder what it's like in a guy's butt. okay and the rest of what he thought was saying was that guy. that flight attendant uh complimented. him on his beard. yeah and what he said. is that's really nice as a little confidence. booster but nothing's nicer than no. no nothing nothing that was really nice to. hear and it made him. feel good but there's nothing. better there's no replacement. for conf confidence that you also think it. looks good and that's why. he's thinking us in particular. i i i pretty much got that. okay good i thought that's what it. was great um so i wonder if he sounds. as difficult to. understand if we sound as difficult to. understand to him as he does. to i wonder do probably not. because the american accent is so like more ubiquitous like all place. u ubiquitous and omnipresent if you want to. add another word like that. oh wow um just adding huh. you know cool any other words. you want to. add that mean the same. thing bas all around. everywhere nice um but i i i do think that um guy. seems like a really nice. guy he's very nice yeah. yeah really nice guy. and a great beard great. beard and if you got the job. at with the beard and tattoos you don't need to. do anything no he's not goingon to. yeah also i think the time. for like if i had a doctor come in with tattoos on his like neck. i would i wouldn't i don't i wouldn't. think twice about it would you what. kind of doctor are we talking about. honestly a surgeon what's the tattoo you're right. i failed out a med. school no um it [ __ ] the world yeah right well of i yeah if it's [ __ ] the world you don't trust them with anything correct yeah it's just mo you know across money over [ __ ] um yeah i guess it would give me pause if if the doctor that was going to. cut me open had was yaded. up that's probably stupid honestly. cuz as you're pointing out. yeah so many people have tattoos all over. their body mean anything you know. what i might think is oh you know. what's interesting is i don't. feel weird that he has a lot. of tattoos and probably 20. years ago it would have been insane. that's what i might think. yeah well you also have tattoos all over you so it. makes sense that you wouldn't think anything. i guess so but i got them. way late so i don't know maybe maybe not maybe not okay. yeah if it was just like it. might i would i would be like oh wow. that's so weird my doctor's yeah. i would definitely clock it but i would think it. was like oh wow this is cool. but then again i i have tattoos trying. to hang out with them. afterwards what are you doing what are you doing you. busy after this stop talking please. stop talking god damn it all right. next get me the paddles. oh my oh yeah hey so what you doing. later still when he comes. back okay start it over the joke. no hello chris hello matt. uh just want to. start off by saying i love you. both so much chris i saw you in october um in hamilton and today i just bought the vip. package for me and my mom. who are huge fans and so excited to. meet you um chris i don't know. bring matt with you because maybe we can go. on a little date after but um my question. for you today is i lost. about 70 lbs. since last year may till now. 70 huge difference i. was almost close to. 200 lb shed a lot. of weight worked really hard um a lot of people feel the need to. comment it's fine and for the most part. i'm like okay whatever. like that's okay um got a lot. to say but you know when people are commenting on my specific. dietary restrictions and you know. oh things that i eat and the need to. work out often uh they're haters. i don't know how to. deal with it it kind of gets to. me sometimes i really let it affect. me and uh i get really angry. i'm like why i don't want to. be angry i want to. be happy you know but it's just mean. things that are just like you're too skinny. uh you need some more. weight you look better. things like that and it's just not appropriate. cuz when i was a little bit chubbier no. one felt the need to. say that i needed to. lose weight feel the need to. say about me being th and healthier and happier. i don't think it's appropriate. but is there any spin move mentality. um anything that you guys would recommend. i'd greatly appreciate it. it's been hardk you what i think you. could probably speak to. her better than me. but i because you're fatter. than me but no but for real. the one thing i want to. say before we even give any advice. i think the the anger. thing i couldn't relate more. when you say i'm it. makes me angry but i don't want to. be angry i want to. be happy i promise. you you will be angry. for less time if you let yourself be angry. instead of trying to. not be angry it will. minimize the amount of time. at least not the amount of anger. but it will get you through. to the other side of the anger. quicker if you're like i'm mad and that's okay. i'm going to be mad. and then that'll be you know. that'll end sooner than if you're like no. i'm not mad nope no. no not mad i want to. be happy it'll just bleed. out into. long a longer period. of time go ahead i what. did she say about the thing. that was a good point. that she said that i missed. it she said everybody's. trying to tell me. i should put on some weight. should put on some weight. but it's but what's interesting. is that when i i was heavier. no one was telling me i should lose. some weight what that is that is she's right. that that is so inconsistent like if she's too heavy. why aren't if she was too heavy. why aren't the same. people that are saying now. put you should put on some weight. why weren't they saying you should lose. some weight they ha if it's i know but her point is good she saying if these people are consistent. really worried about my health cu. they don't care about you. exactly i mean they might care. about you but they don't not in that. moment they're they're being dude. most people in the country. certainly i don't know about. the world but definitely this country. would love to. lose 70 lbs dude. most people in this. country actually over 50% are overweight she's in a different country. but yeah she is she's said canada. i think that's doesn't count. that's that's still american um but i got off. here i got off. stage the other day. and another comedian said hey that was a great. set and i actually thought i must have not done. well ah i swear to. god that was the first thought i had you mean. is that how much comedians are it's just people. but like i was like i bet. they wouldn't have said i did. great if i [ __ ] obviously did great weird. yeah that that that says a lot. about me too but also i i just think that um i i i think people. just they don't they feel so comfortable. when they look at you and think there's something wrong. with you you know they they people feel uncomfortable. about hanging out with beautiful. people because they're not that. it makes them insecure. and you're more beautiful. when you're not two [ __ ] 300 lb whatever but don't you think that has something specifically to. do with the fact that they know she lost the weight. what that requires what the kind of willpower. the kind of planning the kind of mental. fortitude it requires to. be able to. do that don't you think that. whether they realize it or not. these people are taking into. that into account. when they say what they say. like yeah even more it's not. just that she looks great. now and some stranger comes up. and no one that doesn't know. her would say that. only someone that knows how hard she worked and how much weight. she lost would say oh you know. what you're too skinny now you. should put on some weight. yeah that there in lies. something worth thinking about as well. like people who know you it's they have all these feelings. that are just backloaded in their own. [ __ ] minds that's their [ __ ] problem now yeah when they come out you with that [ __ ] all you should be hearing. like think about like subtitles. under what they're saying. and those subtitles say i. hate myself this has nothing to. do with you honestly. when people say [ __ ] like that just picture words. underneath their face saying i hate myself. i i don't and that's it. yeah it's just i know. it's you so it's a little convoluted i guess. but it's so obvious from here. that people are doing that because just straight up that. middle school jealousy [ __ ] and it's and it's unfort because and here's why it makes you mad here's why. it makes you [ __ ] mad one of the reasons is because you worked so hard for this and they're these [ __ ] lazy [ __ ] that aren't doing the work won't do the work and you think you got the audacity to. just be like you should eat more. [ __ ] this makes me feel great. yeah right i look great. i i feel great and you're not going. to take that from me. you lazy failure but also the reason. you know these people are so full of [ __ ] is that something. that she said the thing. that she said about other people like when she or rather. when she was heavier no. one was suggesting she lose. weight because people are comfortable with other people not being feeling looking their best you didn't say. what i'm saying i said pe. i i said a version. of that oh okay. then i'll just shut up no. no don't shut up just saying. you just shut me up. because you're like i already [ __ ] said that. why would what the [ __ ] do you mean you didn't say. that i all i said a version. of it but it's not worth. getting as angry as your no. it's [ __ ] annoying to. be like i already said. that when you didn't nice. to meet you you've been around. i said a version of you. didn't know that you didn't. know that okay i'm glad i i i'm glad. i let you know welcome. to earth uh but yeah dude. to say welcome to. earth is the most dick. [ __ ] anyway no i actually did not hear said that once i've said it already uh but yeah dude we're both we are both. saying the same general [ __ ] which is like [ __ ] all of those people but the truth. is i think you know. that and i think what really is making you mad. is that these people are supposed. to be your support system. they know you they're supposed. to love you and think of you. or treat you better than that. and i agree they should but it's a sad. case that people are not like that. the saddest part about all. this is that these people don't realize they're being shitty. not only that they don't. realize that they have these feelings that. are making them say these things in the [ __ ] first place. dude they think if you were to. ask them they actually would say well. no i'm just looking out. for right should add some weight. and that's [ __ ] and that's one of the hardest things about being an adult. human these people there. are people in our lives that genuinely love us. that say things to. us that cause us pain. that they don't even realize they're doing. it on purpose to. cause us pain that is. so [ __ ] up i know but that is one thing. we just have to. deal with you know you're right. though and you know you're on the right. path and the way. you know this is because you feel better. and you look better. your confidence is higher. all these things you already. know deep inside you you. don't need these other people to. tell you this you already. know it i get why it. makes you mad but again. this is just one of those. things we have to. live with it's how people are doesn't mean. they love you less doesn't mean. they want to. hurt your feelings like if they really checked themselves. and thought wait do i really want to. hurt this person of course they don't this. is how [ __ ] people are it. sucks they're all twisted up. they are everybody's all twisted. up dud one time i said i was man. this was so long ago. but i was i invited. a a girl out to. my show and you know she's pretty and all that. and we were and then later on she said. something like oh i i i can't. remember something was like either. she had a boyfriend or like and i was like oh well why. did you come you know. i invited you to. the show it was just her showed up. and and she said oh i i can't remember what she said. but i ended up saying like hey this is this. is earth and i i remember saying that. because joe rogan laughed so hard. name nameing bragging triple layer. bragging you know so i said that. first too anyway wow oh yeah so quadruple level. yeah no i'm joking but it made me think of that. and that's why i was thinking the whole. lot so anyway i a lot. of crazy people that one time. paul m was show so anyway. um was he yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i'm pretty sure. he liked jim jeff better. but jeff who je jim. jeff was also on jeff. yeah he would like jim. jeff yeah yeah yeah for sure god paul mccartney dude. paul mccartney could he look. more like an old lesbian. no okay what are we doing. next dude how much does. paul mccartney think a gallon. of milk cost $45. why because he just has no idea. oh he's like so out of touch. yeah no he thinks it. costs a nickel cuz that's what it. was when he was a kid. you know yeah no yeah but going to. talk to me about going. to pull meide pull me aside after the show. wa you said about thing. in the milk going text. me uh all right what's up. matt and chris long time. listener first time submission oh yeah video uh wearing a jacket inside it's very cold insecure anyways i have a work situation i'm going to. be a nurse. and currently i work as a caregiver in an old folks. home and we clean people. up we're dealing with poop you're doing. a lot of anus stuff. then you name it um good man. the caregiving staff works close. with the housekeeping staff and the head. housekeeper uh has really had it out. for me uh ever since i first started. working there but recently. uh it's gotten kind of aggressive like i got over. that she would never say. hi back to me. that's fine but that's so weird. though uh without going into. further detail it's starting to. get beyond passive aggressive like it's starting. to get aggressive and uh i've had this. idea to go to. the kitchen with a glove on cuz we always wear gloves. at work and put chocolate sauce. and maybe some caramel. sauce in my hand and uh she has lunch at 11. so i was thinking of putting my hand on the door. handle of her door you. know pretending that it's poop oh. so when she comes back. from her lunch and she opens her door. she'll get chocolate and caramel. sauce on her hand. which is no big deal. but she's going to. think it's poop is this too. far i don't think it. is maybe i'll microwave. a snickers bar and just smear. it on her door if it gets worse. but what would you guys. do if uh you just can't win. someone over and it's getting progressively worse. and worse appreciate you. guys i would not do anything. and start ignoring that person as well i was going. to suggest though you you're you're in a perfect situation. to just [ __ ] on her desk and be like oh i don't know who it was there's that possibility as well he was doing the fake route with the chocolate. sauce i was just here's here's what i find. suspect and i think you might agree. with me he didn't say. the things she does yeah. except for so i don't think she's i don't how bad could it. be well no but he said without going. into further detail which means there is further. detail which of course which could also mean isn't but it we don't know. and and if there is something i understand. the reason why he wouldn't want. to say it is because he doesn't want. i mean i know he's al. he's also like submitting it. on here so people will see it but he doesn't want. to expose anything okay fair. enough you're right i usually usually the one. doing what i'm doing is you and i'm arguing. take him at his word. so fine let's take him. at his word i still think you shouldn't. do the poop thing like we're not 8 years. old it's pretty funny if this if this person is like a dict to. you and doesn't say hi. back stop saying hi to. her stop engaging with her let it go. or say hey what what's what is. going on like this. is getting so weird right. now like what do you not. realize what's happening i think you do like what. and then just ask yeah yeah right. i mean why would you start. with a vicious backand it's a little trickier. she's i think she's his um oh superior. yeah oh i i didn't get that. but because it's she's the head. of a different part though. uhhuh yeah maybe not but um so maybe not but yeah i i if she is a superior. then i get why you wouldn't the person. i didn't get if she is a superior. then maybe do the the [ __ ] don't yeah maybe lean towards the [ __ ] thing then after all no but i still think under no circumstances. are we going to. do the [ __ ] thing okay let's just yeah it's probably not the best idea. yeah if you want to. get her that's not the right. way you know yeah poison. or food yeah poison. or food no don't do. that um of course not obviously. i i don't i don't know what to. do i think who i think i actually. think and this is not it's not really. advice but i here's what i think. who cares who cares. that's what i'm trying to. say yeah you know i think you're supposed. to not care about this. you wait expound on that though. like well you you just have someone that's not being nice. to you that isn't really somebody you care. about exactly though that's kind of what. i'm trying to say so. it doesn't matter and realize that. realize it doesn't matter at. all use realization it doesn't matter. so use your realization skills what i would what. i would ask this. guy though hopefully you're watching why. do you care so much. like does it bo hold. on but does it just bother. you so much when people are passive aggressive or roote to. you in a like is that what's up. like what's going on with you. that it bothers you so much. because honestly i think most people would just be like oh that. person is such a dick. i'm going to stop engaging. with her right that's what most would. do oh yeah so maybe but again. maybe the thing he didn't want. to mention the details of was actually some kind of aggressive act that like we don't not. to who knows what her. side of the story is too. right what i always say. but i mean like right. you know is she he said it. was from the start though. this woman was yeah like a like a like a like a like she was one. of the bad guys in rebel moon. the [ __ ] movie like i dude that i cannot believe they still make movies you talked about this i can't believe they still make movies with with guys the antagonists who are just dicks. from the beginning like it's an eric. roberts movie in 1990. well i mean a gen genely love. eric roberts movies from around 1990 but that's because of the tone and the the time period. also there was a period. of time where he was such a good. actor yeah sure no but i'm just i i understand. what you're saying but also we have literally talked about this. i think it might have been last week. yeah on this what yeah. you talked about villains from older. movies but still in movies. i don't like him like that. guy like dude how can there be a movie now that comes out. where there's just a guy being a dick. not liking one or two. of the characters for no reason. it that's the worst trope. it's just laziness yeah it's so lazy. but how do you not be be a [ __ ] i guess they just don't care but but filmakers do care they care about some stuff. right only really good filmmakers care. about all of the stuff. a lot of filmmakers now. or or for always have just been like well that's just i want. to get that part out. of the way i don't care. why he's a dick. he just needs hate him. you know right right right. um yeah god that movie. is so bad rubble moon. yeah i didn't even know. it until you brought it up. yeah i mean there's nobody that's more completely. off my radar as a filmmaker. than zack snider i know. i didn't dude i didn't even know it. was zack snyder i i was talking about how bad it. was on my podcast and then afterwards. i looked it up. and i and i said zach. like a [ __ ] course now people are going to. think i [ __ ] trashing it because me the dead. i actually totally forgot about. that but yeah um yeah i don't know. man movies cgi and [ __ ] like it's it looks worse and worse i don't understand what happened there was a period where it just started to. yeah they know people watch. it anyway budgetary thing probably yeah but i don't know that. i don't know if that's the answer. but that's uh cuz some people do the craziest coolest. [ __ ] with no money i know i still want to. see that godzilla minus one. movie but oh i don't know i guess. it's cgi but like yeah there's a lot. of it's $15 million they made that movie. for yeah well that's the thing. if you're really good like that. that district 9 asre with math. so they probably figure out where to. put the money sry rac but there's a there's a you know. that guy neil blom. camp right yeah yeah he made n for like nothing he does. huge movies now what's that. new movie he did i just watched. did he do a new. one oh no the short. films on netflix right. he did gran turismo actually. i said the short. films on netflix i don't know. neil blom camp did gran turismo. are you kidding me. that movie is [ __ ] trash what what is he doing. dude is he was so interesting. have you seen it no. i know it's not interesting. look at the [ __ ] the guys in it from uh he so oh my god. he's so good though. elisium was good chappie that's funny. cha i saw chappie yeah. he's good with that [ __ ] he really is but but when there's not any of it. yeah exactly he also did. uh elisium i i just said lum's. good am i dick. for bringing that back up. again i said so he did. a show on netflix. that was like um uh that's what i yeah. what was that called uh was one. word demonic no no. no it's no it's it's newer it's a show. though is this movies oh oh oh he's [ __ ] it up anthony's [ __ ] it up yeah he's [ __ ] it up big time right maybe you know what he maybe only produced it to. be honest a so maybe anthon he didn't [ __ ] it up he probably directed the pilot though. at least yeah so he [ __ ] it up you know what i'll do i'll do it quicker. than him is what i'll do. yeah do do do it on your phone. and get it quicker than anthony. lima no lost his. mind just saying well you know. what lima lima might be. one of the things in the collection. click lima click it. what is it what the [ __ ] anthony doesn't know how to. do anything soury weaver's in it. that's all i know. or wait no not soury weaver. god damn it i don't know who's in it. soury weaver's in it oats studios yes that's what it. is oats studios why would that be the name of anything. [ __ ] final man. oats studios wl for brimley's. in it so stupid. then he do the quick. arose thing yeah know what i heard about. wiford brimley the biggest dick in the world. the biggest dick in the world. apparently ismy i was going. to say that him and but also the guy from csi. wilford dickley willi peterson no csi the [ __ ] that's william peterson. no no no no no no no the redhaired. guy oh david caruso csi. miami get it right. david caruso yeah uh him and and and guy from the 18am right. with the cigar oh george papar i heard he's the biggest dick. really yeah you never heard that. i never heard that definitely heard that. firsthand i've heard it about david kuso yeah. yeah yeah i remember he said that. uh but i've heard it many. times about wilford brimley same. since we were kids i heard that. really weird but wait what yeah before. even the internet hey don't hire wolford brimley. because nobody cares that it's him. you know he's is he alive. still well no i mean at the like if you hear. wolford brimley's a dick i see. hire a different old guy. wait who else have we here were dicks. i never i mean i had heard william. peterson but i don't i know. if that's true oh wilford brimley. died in 2020 what he was. that old how old was it. was recent i remember i remember. he must 100 years old. i remember i i cried. for a week look up. how old he was he was uh 100. it got to. be no he wasn't 100. n not nobody's 100 90. something 86 that's it. that's crazy so he was one. of those guys terrible. dude he's got the morgan. free dude we were kids. in those quaker oats commercials. he was like he was 30. but had gra i mean he so old was 50. 25 yeah i have something to. add to the thing. i don't like that people do. right and a lot of people do. it and that is anytime i think in movies. you could get you could probably guess. what i'm going to. say in movies no just in if somebody ever brings up. wilford brimley yeahhuh somebody around always has to. say yeah diabetes right. oh yeah i forgot about. that's terrible i forgot about. that but that's terrible. did he have diabetes yeah. but he did that and he only he lived to. be 86 he had diabetes obviously. diabetes doesn't matter yeah diabetes huh. what was the thing it was like a that. he said it like diabetes i know. it was for medicine yeah it. was exactly diabetes why didn't. he say diabetes man. well maybe that's how said it. right it should be diabetes it's that's a way. cooler word diabetes is cooler. than diabetes diabetes that's not cool. diabetes is sick thanks wilfred. thank you wilf was he was he the one. what what was he from cocoon. but now he was from a show. too though cocoon he's on a show. that was aired for a long. time did you guys know. that the netflix intro. that goes gung you know what that. is no that's kevin spy. hitting his ring in in the show. house of cards that sound bite that part. of the netflix come on it. is that isn't that weird. h what do you mean. but that's not a sound of a ring dude. i mean i i don't know what to. tell you that just is that but that's not what a ring. sounds like in the show he goes with the ring. on on like a surface he. goes really and it's it's like basified. right but it's right. right it's that yeah let's play it. there you go see that's it. wow because that was their first big show. and then you know now it's it's their logo. bro that's crazy yeah you're welcome. you're welcome why does nobody know. that here's why here's why. it's a here's what everybody. needs to do if they haven't done. it yet kevin spy very recently. went on the tuo carlson. show which doesn't exist. anymore which is just like on twitter or x or whatever because he got since he got fired uh kevin spy went on tucker carlson's new show. as don't say as frank. underwood and tucker carlson played along. 2024 has not even begun yet. and it does seem like presidential race. is effectively frozen in. place if not over we know who the candidates. are it's too late for another. to get in i know but is it. too late there anyone in this. country 350 million people who could. jump this late date and resc scramble. the calculus of electoral can you go. to where he's on well. there may be someone in fact you already. know him you know his face. and the question is will he get in this. cycle and that's my question. for you well that's really a decision. for the people tucker it's not. something that i really think about or want. to do and merry christmas. to you too i mean. maybe we should do this. luxury yeah we'll talk about on luxury. that is crazy that is if there's ever been a reason. to sign up for luxury. we'll talk about it there. yeah all right dud that's it. thanks for listening sign. up for life shock dude. listen to his voice. absolute shock why would this. is great that's really wild. it's so good spent a whole. day recovering from this. okay i'm here with ace ventura. hello tucker just [ __ ] it's jim. carrey with a [ __ ] hawaiian shirt. on i mean all right. also would watch that oh my god dude. my god all right all right. uh p dot com lifeline luxury. i'll see you soon sacramento. i'll see you soon phoenix i'll see you soon. albuquerque and el paso the private record is coming out january 24th. enjoy it i fro. i'm frozen i i froz hello. hello hello hello hello hello 