 runk hello hello hello hello all right hello. welcome to lifeline everybody everybody. welcome to lifeline it is. episode21 whoa it's sunday august 4th. whoa summer is slipping right. on by it is august. and we got two um what. do you call it live. episodes uh live lifelines coming. up in the chamber. so make sure you get on that. patreon patreon dot com lifeluxury. get on there uh and don't unsubscribe because it's coming. next week or two or next. month or two do subscribe. if you haven't because again it's coming double. dose of lifeline lives baby. there you go that's good. you want to. do the episode or you want. to do your stuff here. we can do that let me. do my stuff uh why don't you just go. ahead and subscribe to. the private record my solo podcast. bing bong hit on over. there bing bong and subscribe. to that and then bing bong. come right back. here uh and that's what's up. and you know you want to. do your stuff no okay. and uh you got a question. click on the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com and ask for advice. from us and be on this. show get really famous and improve your life. or you could just do the hotline. num's also down there oneone advice. sessions with me at mata. dot com improve your life. life life okay uh and of course the lifeline. merch is at lifeline merch dot com. you know you want to. know annoying is at lifeline. mer. kle dude that's horrible don't do. that don't say i'm annoying. then cuz if you say i'm annoying. you'll get the real deal. annoying that's the most annoying. thing is to. do that to do in in retaliation yeah. well well that's i do okay. you say the thing that i'm not i give it to. you the real deal as if i was okay. anyway that's fine thanks for giving it to. be the real deal but it is what. it is you need that. magic m you're yawning that's two. y i no is it. two it's two ya i did two ys watch how many y i do now. after this zero it's night. time it is night time. we never record at night. and guess what it is. it's night time magic mind. keeping me awake there. we go the freaks. come out at night the freaks. come out night natural 5h hour. energy drink oh cool man. so 5 hour energy drink is a crazy. company and they are not natural. anyway what are the words you. just said five hour. energy drink five oh five yeah yeah not natural so um anyway uh yeah so my son. got a uh calvin got a u. transformer costume you saw it i did see it. yeah it was really funny. he's so serious about it. that kid is so serious. he's a serious kid. i got him gummy. eyeballs cuz he dude i got he's like okay so i was with eric. griffi and brendan shop doing golden hour. and i was with he had brought boston his son. to to the studio. we all had lunch the four of us. how old is boston four c. oh okay and so i said to. boston i was like what what what. what kind of candy do. you like and he said gummy. eyeballs and i was like i've been hearing. about this candy recently. i don't know why it's in the you know. it must be like a youtube. video going around about it. or something okay so i told calvin about it. he was like i always wish i could get gummy. eyeballs like and we're going to. go sometime yeah i guess somebody told them they were going to. take them or something and i was like oh well let's look and i looked at them. on amazon mhm and i was i got them. i'm like oh they'll come. tomorrow literally just they will come tomorrow like everything. else on amazon basically but this one was like it'll be here tomorrow. morning so i was like oh cool so i clicked it and he was like i can't wait i can't wait just flipping. out you know and then he went to. bed woke up and c and i think actually. he came into our. room early early morning and slept. like when it was like still night. time see you later man. see you man just slowly. it was good to. have you on the podcast. and so um so he w. he he woke up and he says we should go. check for those gummy eyeballs. yeah and i'm like well it's way. too early there's not going. to be there yet. so he went to. go check he had tears. in his eyes and he was like they're not. here yet and i was like buddy. it's still early it'll come so. i got them finally it. was like before noon it. did come in the morning. okay and i gave them. to him and it was hilarious. because he was looking for a toy and i was like i think i found it. is this it and it was the gummy. eyeballs and he goes like this. he's just like wow and he runs. to the kitchen table sits. down and i said what. are you doing and he says i'm i'm going. to eat good food. so i can eat have some of those oh smart. it was so cute. he just ran directly to. the kitchen table and i was like oh it wasn't even. time for like lunch or he just knows. that he doesn't get candy. unless you know cool. and so all day he's been carrying around. these eyeballs there's 40 of them he unwrapped. they're an individual wrapped. he unwrapped a bunch of them put them in uh a cup and carried. around went to. trader jo's like i want to. bring my eyeballs just brought them. he's just carrying them. around with to. starbucks i hate starbucks. but we had to go. there was coffee shop. around he went to. starbucks brought the eyeballs. in there where were you. was the only were you like in in between. phoenix and stff no no no no i went there. was one right there on sunset oh literally right. around got yeah so so dude. i mean it's been so funny. i guarantee you right now. he's playing with those eyeballs. has he eaten them. oh yeah he tried it. right yeah he tried. think of oh he loves. them he's like these are really good. it's crazy the the um pallet of a kid. i know like they're disgusting. they smell good i know but we i liked. like i well if you eat one. as an adult now you can go. like okay i get it. it's good but i'm not going. to eat this [ __ ] i can't even eat one like candy anymore. cand gummy bear for me. no i can't not anymore. i i mean until recently. i could but i can't [ __ ] any candy anymore. sweets i i eat chocolate. forget about it right. eat the candy but uh yeah no i don't. i don't do like candy. candies like in a factory like a bright. green thing yeah sour stuff. i used to. love can't even like smell. it anymore what about um okay. all right well that's good it. is good i i always wondered why. d when i was little i was like dad. doesn't like this what a what. a loser i i i i was just like i don't even. understand how could you not like this. what is wrong with this. and i i i do i i still think cand is [ __ ] amazing. though you eat candy. no i don't but i still think it's amazing. i don't eat it but like so how do you know. it's still amazing then right. well because i i will still try. it like i tried it. recently did you have an eyeball. no i you didn't have one. eyeball dude no i might who knows but you haven't. yet had a taste of one. eyeball no that's crazy to. me that just like eyeballs. eyeballs eyeballs recently i've it's mostly chocolate. i like but recently. i've i've tried something like sour. candies and oh my god they're just nothing. is as good as the sour. candies that are gummy. i'm just like you still like them. you still like them eat when i go. ah the sour watermelons for. foret ah the s watermelons. forget it dude interesting if i had three things. to be on a an island i would pick. that because not only would that be that'. be one of them the things. i would pick because not only would that. be oh i get to. eat them because they're good i'll probably die. quicker because i eat too much. of them and that's fine. cuz i'm on this island anyway. yeah totally uh i i like the i liked. the watermelon ones but the best ones. were always the strawberry. or the cherry flavored ones. any red sour thing was what's up. nah the the the more you get into. the pink ter the less. good it is watermelon. watermel which sour watermelon the the gummy. sour watermelon the the sour. patch kids they're not sour. pch cu you know. why you know he didn't say. that word or the sour. patch watermelon he didn't say those words they don't make sour patch don't oh they do make them yes and those are good i'm just asking to. specify pretty much any kind any kind the ver. any version of it. is really nice 7 you. know really nice um they do. a nice job with them. so uh so you know what's funny. though well you know what's utterly. hilarious not don't really love. watermelon is that freaking hilarious well they don't taste anything like watermelon they don't that's hilar that is weird right very weird none of those things taste like the thing that they're advertising yeah yeah it's false. advertisement yeah we should see. so but uh anyway it's all good. so i i was uhat i was i was uh i didn't eat the eyeball. yet but i will i'll try. so so insecure you see. my leg or what there. were 40 of them yeah. i see it there were 40. of them in the bag. and he was he made me open. a bunch of them cuz he want. to put them in a cup and like he carries. them around and then there were eight. left in the individual wraps. and he was like i was he i was like we should leave. some in the rappers and he's like why. i said so they'll taste. better and he was like what. do you mean and i was like well they get stale. he says what does that mean. and i said well they're not fresh he says. what does that mean. i said so food. tastes best when it. first come out comes out and then after a few days it'll be stale. and he was like oh no. we'll keep those in a rapper. i don't want those to. be stale and i was like no. no it's fine it's okay. it's going to. be okay you can still. eat these they're just not going. to be as good it. was like it's crazy. anyway you should have warned him. that before you opened 32. of them well be happy that. i war him at all. when we still had some left. in the rappers so don't come. at me like that what i did. was good you could have rewrapped him. up what i did. was good you could have just rewrapped a whole. bunch of them up no you can't. rewrap stuff up yes you can how twist it. up oh was it like you unseal. they're all individually wrapped like i said but i figured they were like twisted. up in paper they're all. individually in plastic when you. assume you make an ass. out of you and i you have ever heard that. you didn't that's not even how you and i dude. [ __ ] doesn't even understand it at all you know when you a s when you a s you make an ass out. of you and i i'm smart. okay okay i'm street smart. forget it and then i'm also some booksmart but not all booksmart and that's fine. donald trump absolutely donald. trump uh all right what is this. dude why is what is this. that's what calvin asked that. the other day you picked it. up what is it though. packers said what is that. who why is it here. you got it i didn't get this. yes we got it sent. here they're coasters i bought. this no you give me. this come that's you got it. sent to you such a bad. coaster it's too tall no. and and it was free. and you were like these are cool. because the person sent it. to you and now you're being a dick. oh somebody made them for us. yeah they're great i love. those all right for mak any why. don't we start with one. of the submissions and we'll do it. hey guys uh love the show. chris love you matt love. you even more i'm sam from. montreal nice what's up dude. uh quick question this. little uh paper thing that's you know. attached to blankets and towels and stuff. i i i truly believe that. uh it should never touches your upper. body right i believe that it. should be used in a way. that it's it's always on the lower part. lower body lower body side. and uh and a friend of mine. was was like you know he was saying. the the complete opposite i was like no. okay no that's that's wrong. okay and and i think i'm right. honestly clearly so let me. know hold on he's talking about the the tag. yeah right and it and it he's saying like if you're drying. yourself off that has to. be on the bottom that's what he said. that is that is such an idiosyncratic. thing he is bonkers. for that i think he's right. though think about it why. would you a tag on your upper. body is unacceptable a tag. on your l you're not wearing. a towel but here's moreover get the tags off of towels well. yeah that's the thing why is there. a tag on a towel i thought that's what he was going. to say i was like he's going. to he's about to. be so right no right. yeah but no i had never thought. that before but then instead he said something. absol they become collector's items you can't sell him. for as much no that's that. to think that is crazy. i've never i've never i maybe have thought. that i've never catered to. it to have someone think that and then to. have someone think the opposite. like who how did you two collide. in this world you two. utter [ __ ] stranger weirdos so and so but the craziest thing. is to make a video about it. and send it anywhere and to. do it like you're in a er with no. shirt on hiding in a dark. corner somewhere so um yeah it's just absolutely. insane and it doesn't and it simply. doesn't matter congratulations matter. to say someone was right. it would be you though. it doesn't make any sense. to be like a tag should only touch your upper. body i think i think he says lower body. because it's like feels further. away from him even though. that's not true tags should never be near. your eyes but hold on is. the other guy saying no. it should only be at the upper part. yes that's weir that's what i'm saying. yes of the two of you. you're right yes that's exactly. what but also neither one of you. are right cuz you're totally both insane. that's a wild thing and that's crazy. coming from the two of us. for both of us to. be like dude you're an idiosyncratic. maniac that means you really must be so see a doctor that. is uh how did those two people. meet how did that even come. up how did it come up. and then one of them. was saying it and the other one was like oh my god i going. to say something i've thought my whole life. and then he says upper body. instead of lower body. he's like what that's so. the opposite is true. maybe just kind even if they're not. gay they should get married. cuz they're so meant for each other they should be gay. yeah um i think that that's wild. i think that you're that's crazy. and i'm glad to. teach you the word. os syncratic because you didn't know. before me what i i said. it and then you go oh yeah. oh yeah i probably haven't used it. in a while and so there you go. okay it's a big word i mean. it's a word everyone knows. so it's all good though. so it's all good i now. everyone knows it cu i said it. and then you everyone just looked it. up and now everybody. knows in their dictionary mhm. wow remember we didn't have phones. we could just we had a dictionary. you know what i listened to. your private record the last one. or one of them gonna absolutely kick. the living [ __ ] out very interesting and hilarious but i saved it. for live on the show. no it was it was really. good um and i wanted to. say you're very good at speaking. it's crazy me yeah oh dude. thanks which episode. was you know a lot. of words but it's beyond. that you know how to. use them and you barely stutter. dude i don't dude. i'm wild [ __ ] i wouldn't describe you as that that's how i talk um i wouldn't describe you as that. no what you said which is what. i said you're right. okay no but that's cool. man thank you very much. that means a lot to. me so you should yeah you should check it. out so good i should check it. out it's my show you know yeah you should check out. my record yeah uh check out. the the the video so um speaking. of that what is okay. you might you what is check it. out and stuff why do i say that. check it out and stuff. what is that from isn't that. from your friend or something. no it's from a it was wasn't it. a comedian oh oh was it from johnny. sanchez comedy johnny. s wow what aemory hilarious. how did you remember that. chck it out and stuff. that's him we say chck. it out and stuff since we were like in fourth grade. that's hilarious you know johnny. sanchez yeah he's awesome. oh dude i got to. send him this i know. i got to send him. used to die. at that johar i forgot. what that was that's right. dude that guy is too funny. that was hilarious yeah that whole b. um damn hell yeah i did. a show with him recently. actually uh what a good name. huh johnny sanchez. yeah yeah he's funny um but anyway cool man. yeah so thanks speaking of shows. will be a memphis and witchita and dallas. coming up chrystal le dot com. get your tickets memphis the hardest. hardest market to sell comedy. tickets in i'm coming and i'm coming. why is that i don't know. dude it's so hard. to sell tickets it's so hard. to sell tickets in memphis. it's crazy interesting is memphis. where graceand is no yeah. it is right i don't know. i mean spoke so out of turn oh. yeah um you know um tennessee tennessee. tene tennessee you know. that [ __ ] all right so any let's what's that from that's from the song. tennessee by who though. oh wow yeah memphis elvis pres boulevard. you know how about the people. who think elvis is still alive. hey no he's not he would be 120. okay they don't still think yeah. they do i swear they do. all right that' be amazing. to hold on to. that hey guys so i'm caught in a little bit. of friend drama it actually has nothing to. do with me but started. your thoughts are so i'm going. on a trip with eight. friends next month we had this planned. for a while now i'm bringing my boyfriend uh we've been together. for several months so it's pretty. established my other friend invited. her boyfriend of 5. years they've had a very up. and down relationship okay so long story short. he's not coming okay. she got prett and our other friend. really wants to. bring her new boyfriend of like i think they've been together. like a month no so the only issue is that other girl doesn't want. him coming because the one time. they met she didn't get along. with him but more importantly because she doesn't want to. be the only girl without a boyfriend. there so that i think is just selfish. across the board but i also think it's a little early. for the other guy to. come what would you guys. say so everybody's bringing their boyfriend. but one person correct well. that person should not go period. no that person should get a boyfriend. and it should turn into. a sandra bulock movie no. you know what i mean. so you're saying it she should go. single find a guy there. like a sandra bullock. movie she should like put out. an ad find a ryan reynolds character. and then they fall in love while. all the other couples break up. right i see what you're saying. you know what i'm saying that. is so a movie that will. come out in 200 and that mom. would genuinely think is as good. as the godfather mom. mom our mom our mom would think it okay. and katherine o'o would play the the mom. oh dude yes absolutely um so i think that that's a uh that's a chicks. are so weird man well what what's the weird. part it's like i if okay hey eight guys. we're going to [ __ ] vegas. first of all we wouldn't bring the chicks. okay second of all if we did. all right we i wouldn't know. any info about it it. would just be like i'd show up. and like oh where's your where's your girlfriend. and they be like a she didn't want. to come i be like oh we broke. up oh it's just like the things. that they busy themselves. with is crazy some of them. you're it it's like some guys. would never be in this. situation unless they were absolute [ __ ] they don't care. about this stuff they're just like go. it's g to. be fun it's fun no matter. what go you're telling me. though if you were going on a trip. just for the sake of the hypothetical. you're going on a trip. with a bunch of your guy. friends one of the guys has a 5year long relationship. he's bringing his girl. or wife or whatever. another one has been together for almost a year. like her uhhuh he's bringing his girl. okay you're going to. be there's going to. be two guys that are alone. uhhuh then that [ __ ] that other [ __ ] who's going to. be alone with you just met. a girl uhhuh and is like ah i love her. though i'm going to. take her with me that. guy a [ __ ] so that's that's what i'm saying he [ __ ] everything up so the girl that dating a guy that's what i'm saying in her case the one who's only been dating a guy a month [ __ ] up for everybody right but that's so there was a balance bro i got to. tell you something man. that's only something like a woman would do but that's [ __ ] immaterial. anyway though it's horrible yeah. it's so d there are definitely b. dudes that do that but as as a general. thing women are like i don't want to. be the only one i got to. bring it you know. guy would just be like all right. generally why can't you just like you. just met this person yeah. like the guy's not going to. get butt hurt if he can't come. so like just go and you'll see him. when you get back well. yeah but she we can't. tell her that she's not. the person so but yeah but i'm saying she's asking for this. is the this is the conclusion i'm the person. wanting to bring the person. that the boyfriend that they've only been dating. for a month is [ __ ] it all annoying that's an annoying person she's [ __ ] it all up stay home and stay with your boyfriend or don't or go and it's just like there were going to. be the only two there that. were that were cool. exactly it was a really. good balance yeah. two single people two people in a relationship. only two boyfriends now it's all. [ __ ] up your [ __ ] shitty friend [ __ ] it all up getting demonetized um yeah we got limited views from that one sentence. so yeah so i think that it's bad. i think it's bad i think it's all. bad i i also you you know. what how about this. you go on vacation with eight. people something something like this. is going to happen. it's too many people it. is too many people you should have. had a rule to. begin so [ __ ] each when you put this together you got to. be like okay no boyfriends. or yep boyfriend or's a rule yeah. exactly yeah dude they're going. to be so shitty. to each other eight women. are so shitty to. each other it's not eight. women though it's four it's four women. oh and three or something. you know mean much better. okay i thought i get it. i get it i get it. i get it i get it. i get it i get it. get it okay but yeah that one. friend with the one month boyfriend [ __ ] it all up by inviting him. that is the person that [ __ ] everything. up that person great congratulations. on that person we figured it out. yep great all right. cool next next one now that we figured that. out next one what's up. boys what's up i'm honestly. a huge fan of the show. but i'm literally so blood red mad. that i i don't even have time. to give you your just do i i have to. get straight to it. and it literally just happened. so it's like fresh and i got to. get this out to. my video today is about bad. neighbors just to. give you some context. me and my wife recently became homeowners. we just purchased a house. in new york and we also are expecting our first child. congratulations awesome so ever since we got the place. i've been coming home to. random strangers playing in my driveway. there's a fire hydrant. right in front of my driveway. and i'm going to. give you a picture just to. give you some context. to show you like what. this looks like but the other day. okay i came home and there was a woman. and her kids they had a pool. set up in my driveway. playing in and out of the fire. hydrant which was like you know i don't like it but whatever they had their stuff draped over. our steps like their bathing suits and a bunch of other. things i'm walking in the house. and i see her as i walk up. the stairs and she's like what i'm like we live here. there there's somebody lives here. this is our driveway and she's like oh okay. so i let it go i step. back outside she's lighting up a blunt. god she's smoking i come out. and i'm like hey do y' mind. maybe taking that down maybe like just literally a couple. feet like put on the sidewalk. you know this is like i was saying. before this is our driveway she. goes oh you're doing too. much she's like first of all i didn't even know anybody lived. here but like that's that's not. the point am i tripping am i the [ __ ] and then i came home. and it's a completely new family. playing in my driveway so. like i i don't know what to. do like i said first homeowners. and we need some guidance like what. would you do situation crazy. all right the first time. home owners i understand. that you're like wait this. is new to. me so i don't know how to. handle that has nothing to. do with everything all of your instincts are 100%. correct and univers would be universally. felt by anyone in that situation. firsttime homeowners or not that is what you're describing. is is is insane and let me let me get so they're playing in a fire. hydrant yes like summer city. but that's illegal right you can't. i think so it has to. be you can't just open the all. was water like that that's what i'm saying. so like all of it. is bad correct i mean. you what you did. was great because you tried. to deal with it if if it's and you tried to. deal it in aiv way. yeah if it could have just straight up called the cops. you're doing too much. is that would crazy that's the worst. part i'd pass out i'd pass. out if someone said you're doing too much. i'd just i pass. out i'd be like oh [ __ ] get my wife that's just crazy um we're doing too much d i just what what why is there another family doing it well here's what i'm gleaning and it obviously could be wrong what i'm assuming is nobody lived. there or somebody lived there. and was never there and families. would come by and play like people play a sprinkler in. the fire hydrant which is a very old school. in the city thing. to do but hey things here's what things. change pisses me. off so much about people situations. change and when they do we all have. to act accordingly we can't be like oh i didn't know anyone. lived here so what. i'm doing is okay. mhm that's not the reaction the reaction. is oh [ __ ] i didn't know someone lived here i'm sorry. i'm going to go. somewhere else it's matter what you thought. it makes it okay that you didn't know. someone was living there as long as you go. but like what the [ __ ] i mean if that happens again. absolutely just don't bother. with going to the person. call the [ __ ] cops i mean if it's another family then maybe say that them but yeah that's crazy call the no you know what ask. for keys to their house. okay if we're going to. be doing this i need a copy of your keys. cuz i live there now too. cuz you live here obviously yeah. so i live there you live here as well. we friends yeah that's that's crazy. that's like a night i would have that. nightmare that's a it's like a nightmare i would have very good very good it. is and i would be like can you please. leave and they'd be like well we've come here. forever and then i would have a 25. minutes conversation and it would just go. back and forth we'. say the same thing. back and forth over and over and over again. but it would only be 3 minutes. cuz dream song last longer. than minutes say the entire dream. yeah i don't believe that. okay man just a skeptic huh. who told you told me. that i don't remember exactly. so stupid look it up. come on dude you tell me. i can't dream for longer. than 3 minutes i can dream. for so long if i wanted to. so i had so many [ __ ] dreams. the other night that it. was just i don't like dreams. anymore man i'm over i'm beyond. dreams poetry beyond dreams. that's the title um yeah uh i have dreams. sometimes and i thought i didn't and i did i thought i was done. dreaming and night it was so many dreams. so many how what can you. explain what that means. so many dreams i had seven different. dreams you woke up and then had a new one. no i had different scenes. different settings different characters in all of those. so what happened was you had one. dream what just so you know. what are you talking about. different dreams are different. periods of sleep a dream. is one contiguous sleep it's not. it's not just different things that. happened throughout the course of that. entire sleep how i don't like. that and it's not true. what do you guys. think i've heard what matt has. said as well so a dream. when you think has to. do with the length. of it not the content. not the length whether you wake up. in the middle of it. or not a dream is if you sleep. for 6 hours a the dream. that you have is your dream. whether it feels like eight. or one if you wake up. twice and have a dream. each time you have had three dreams. dude even if it's the same. dream it feels like does. that makes sense no it doesn't make sense. because if i'm if i have a shirt on okay i'm wearing a shirt. if i put another shirt on i'm wearing shirts. yeah i'm not wearing a shirt. you're talking about you're literally doing. apples and oranges though like the expression. that comparing apples and oranges. have one apple shirts and dreams. i have an apple if i have two apps. got two apples i don't have one. apple i [ __ ] agree about shirts. and [ __ ] apples john malovich. and in the line of fire. dude i director's cut i don't i think we could cut the apples. in ar scene um i no dude. if i dream about uh ketchup and mustard. and then and then that dream. that thought goes away martin. luther king jr that that thought. goes away okay and then i start thinking or dreaming. of a chair that's the same. dream correct absolutely correct yeah. what now i don't get mad. i i get mad you get mad. more than anyone i know but i don't get really mad you get really mad more. than anyone i know in unreasonable. circumstances then the then the the mark 11. madness i don't reach too much. okay i'm working on mark. 11 madness dude because that's crazy. i it's just the truth. who said it how many time. why is that your new thing. who said that what do. you mean who said it. dude it's a good thing. it's like the definition. of a thing i don't know. who said it you know. what i mean all right. and and makco look up. dream look up just look up. the definition of dre. which is a red flag. but exactly i was going. to say that but i didn't want to. be mean to. anthony no i what are we going. to google here google. defition well who's going to google. it you not anthony because anthony will [ __ ] it up. our dreams different he'll just r. a series of thoughts images and sensations occurring in a person's mind during sleep wow booyah. boo booah that's literally what i'm describing. thank you thank you very. much i don't like that dude. i mean i i never knew. honestly don't really like it either. cuz it makes more sense. a bit what you're saying. but it is true. okay okay fine fair okay. that's fine but it's it's you know. what it's like like think about like oh i i am. i i remember when i found out when i was a kid. like about sex and what a virgin. and a not a virgin. was yeah and i was like a virgin. should be someone who's had sex. because they did something so they should be labeled. as something right and i was like you're saying a virgin. is someone who hasn't done. some something it was so confusing. to me right right. right right right so that's what you should get a ti. there should not be virgin. virgin should be nothing and then when you have sex. you become a [ __ ] or whatever it is a [ __ ] yeah yeah uh a smasher it's why people get confused about the meaning of the term atheist because an atheist isn't something that you don't believe in something and then become an atheist it's just lack of anything and believe virin yeah would be the a the atheist version might be a better. title than uham uh all right. okay next one hey matt. hey chris i'm daniel i'm. 20 i love the podcast. i'm from brazil thanks. man what's up man and i'm run. a hat inside because my ha hair. is a [ __ ] 6.2 right now but anyways um i just got of a relationship. of two and a half. years hard to. hear it and that's hard. the long and short of it. is that um she went. to canada like 10 months. ago never came back and she had she made a friend. there that always bothered me. always said some stupid [ __ ] like the first time i met him when i went to. visit her in february and he said some joke. about wanting to. [ __ ] her okay i going to. say's brazilian so you never know if he actually cross line not defended him like oh yeah yeah that's [ __ ] up but he always say some stupid [ __ ] like that he doesn't mean it made a joke. about like [ __ ] your girlfriend the first time. you met him that happening. and that really bothered me. but yeah anyways when we broke. up i know something about this. guy that's so a few days. ago she told me. that as soon as we broke. up they had sex and that really [ __ ] obious daan as well that has always been my biggest insecurity. knew that and well yeah there. you go just i don't know. what to do right. now get to i want to. know what you guys have to. say like got to. step in mor what can i. do to not feel like an idiot for. oh no feel was two two and a half. years of my life as soon as i wasn't convenient. for her anymore i know something. so true about this and did the thing. that she knew would hurt. me the most you know no. but yeah i'm going to. i'm going to be okay. you are yeah you will be i just want. to know what you guys. think about it i mean. your wall's too white. in the background but yeah dude. um yeah i know think about this. guy sobody out way the amount of sex. that he's had period uh he has never once. made any other face but resting. face during sex you know that's true. you know he's the whole time. no but he's never gone. oh never no [ __ ] way i think something different. okay what i think that he does. that thing where he's like [ __ ] he's just very like teeth. are clenched and it's just like and when he comes. he like starts shaking his head. a little bit and then at right. at the as he's finishing coming he just like melts. in tears just like stupid. bro no uhuh no no no. no that's not true mine is. right no he's never made a face. during sex cuz he's catholic. and catholics have that guilt [ __ ] when they [ __ ] dude dude it's so let me just cuz he's brazilian you know he's [ __ ] cath every brazilian that ever existed is catholic. no he's not jewish they're brazilian. jews okay because they fled. there to the hust. any during the to dude. but also what's interesting. about that is nazis also fled. there so it's kind of interesting. there's like a little third. reich there is still living in brazil. as dumb as the people. that think elvis is still um so it. is very brazilian to. cuz when he said like that. guy would always say stuff. that i don't like you know. and you're like okay but you know. you might be like he said something. about the refrigerator in my and and and i just didn't like the way. he was saying it about he wanted. to [ __ ] her you know yeah yeah i knew because of the way he said it he looked at the fridge. and then he looked at her. and he was like ah you think that she's a cold. [ __ ] okay i'm going to. [ __ ] you up i also want to. put my meat in her like i put my iner i put my meat. in her uh and so um i found out that his girl. is brazilian though when she's like oh really. we break up okay. guess what i [ __ ] that guy that is the most brazilan thing to. do producer producer told you to. kill time uh besides eat meat. off of one of those [ __ ] things you know oh you crazy bro. that's next to this. besides owning a machete uh uh dude and having three tank. tops but dude for real. you said something that upset. that upset me oh and it's you said. something in such deep selfjudgment. and it's and it's wrong. yeah you said i don't remember exactly. what you said but it was along. the lines of like what did. i do wrong why did i wait. my time what was it that. he said some version of that. right yeah i was an idiot for two. and a half years i wast my time. wasted my time that's not what happened. you don't bad relationships. are not what people think of them. as wastes of time. they're not wast of time that's not at all. what they are and i don't mean. like you needed to. do that to become who you are. that's not what i mean. either it's not like some destiny thing all it. is is a thing that you did. that you now are a different. version of yourself because of that. doesn't mean you made a [ __ ] mistake or you wasted. your time you know. more now and you can move forward. in life knowing more about what's good. for you what's not good. for you the person that you want. to be you want to. be with in your life. and the kind of person that you are. these things are really [ __ ] valuable and you don't just learn. them by living and time. elapses and suddenly you realize who you are you learn. them by being in relationships. that [ __ ] you up by being in relationships that are good that. slip through your fingers you don't know what happen. suddenly you're different all this. [ __ ] it's never a waste of time it's it's always the way to. look at it is it. it's it there series of events. that happened to. make you into the person. that you are now and that person. you are now knows way. more about everything including yourself. and the world and the people in it. than you did before dude. it i'll go one. further okay just because a relationship. ends doesn't mean it. was unsuccessful oh he said it. yeah well that's definitely true. no but it was something. that i just said and you agree. with but and be like oh dang okay. and then you agree with it. because of that's how hard it. hits i don't i don't subscribe. to the way that you live. which is you dictate how everyone should react. to every single single thing. you say right i mean i think that i i got to. be honest i think that i know. how people should react to. stuff yeah no [ __ ] uh no but yeah it's it's true. hon you're you're right about what. you said about relationships. yeah no i know so you so yeah. so anyway i i think that it's okay. and it will be okay. and [ __ ] it they're good for each other if they did that you know here's the thing you you what you don't want to. do is you don't want to. have the frame of mind. that you it seems like you might have at the end. of the video it made me a little worried. m you made it sound like you think whether it's true. or not you shouldn't think that. she did it to. hurt you because that. kind of thinking is is so self. like we're putting ourselves at the center. of the universe what very well. could have happened is that. that guy's a piece of [ __ ] and he's just circling circling circling waiting. for her to be single and he could have just been like either. pressuring her to have sex. and she was like i just need to. have sex with somebody to. get over my boyfriend you. don't know you don't know. that it was to. hurt you is what i'm saying. you don't know that and even if it's true. it doesn't matter all you got to. do is focus on moving on. it doesn't matter if they tried to. hurt you yeah what's it. matter [ __ ] them they're gone they're not in your life. anymore [ __ ] them s s deer start. fing at the mouth [ __ ] them i mean trying to. make sure this youtube video sees the least amount of eyeballs. why because you keep saying. the f word oh dude. i say the f. word whenever i feel like it. no no i know i'm raw. i know you're raw but i'm just i'm raw. too but you can be raw. and then also you know. not say the fw so much. so we can get to. more eyeballs what if i say instead of f. k fu would i still get bad. fug yeah probably if you enunciate. the g enough fug them. good fug fug them both. yeah that's i guess that's better. i guess that's better both. of them all right yeah i just think that it's uh really really really crappy that. that that happened and i'm sorry. version of that she did. your fa maybe this will make you feel better. i don't know a version of that. has happened to everybody. yeah it's like a right. passage dude and now it. happened to you so you can have that. little like uh what do you call. it yeah thing in your belt what called. notch in your belt not in your belt not. me it doesn't happen. to me i lay it. down but okay nice i lay it. down okay yeah it's definitely happened. to you um multiple times but yeah i i i could see how hurt. you are i am not hurt. and you absolutely get better. and i'm not i'm fine. you know trying to. talk to this brazilian. guy man yeah all right. get that boda out of here. hey morena take a step. right worst actor ever a a white guy. playing a brazilian in. a movie in 1949. yeah and it was okay. back then and now it's not and i don't subscribe. to that and i don't think that. it should happen because i think that white. people are represented. enough and i think that everyone needs. to get their do i think no white people. should be in movies. now period this guy only black has eight of this. exact same shirt but all in different. colors oh now that's good now that's good now that's good mine was good on the other one that one's good though dude thanks man all right all right hey what up chris what up matt it's mickey from el paso el paso um i have a lisp so bear with me i'm 24 years old i'm currently living at home my parents um my parents are pretty well off good for you i have a career like i'm doing pretty well off like i'm choosing to. be at home i want to. get more money i want to. stack that money to. the roof oh yeah. but obviously it's a pretty hot. topic of debate for like my friends. or you know girls i'm trying. to like right now. they saying you're 24 years. old living with your parents. though like don't you want to. mature don't you want to. grow and for me. like they don't know my scenario. but should i be looking to. move out now like is there. a time that i should be moving out. now like i have no relationship. i'm just living at home. my parents i'm a single child. so any advice be will be appreciated. and love you guys dude. i don't like what up. bro thank you i don't i don't like do. whatever want if it feels good. do what you do man. like you're cutting back on cost. it's definitely hard out there. um also they he said they make they well off the par well they do well. he does well here's the thing. the reason people say why. would a 24 like or the reason. people say 24 year. olds should not live at home. is because what's implied when people think about that. is the 24y old is a [ __ ] loser can't get off the godam couch and can't get a job and can't whatever the [ __ ] can't like light a fers that's obviously not what's happening with you that being said if there's some version that. is like stunting your emotional. or really smart then. like you should maybe consider it. we don't know that though. but like what if he just moved out. and the day moved out. he stopped the lisp it' be. like oh oh yeah i'm just saying i i i think that it's probably. um fine you're 24. you're not 30 you know. what i mean like if you were 30. something but i it's like why. you know if you're if you love your parents. everything's fine who car cares. i think yeah there are a lot. here's the here's what's up. there are a lot of versions. of the scenario you're describing. that would be weird and not. healthy for you true true. true think those through if those are not the case. [ __ ] it not everybody has to. live by all the same. rules that everybody else lives. by like we are all individuals. we all have to. have like a little wiggle. room for that individuality like whatever man. it's not yeah if it's weird. it's weird if it's not though. then it isn't yeah it's true. it's one of those things that like society says. you have to. move out when you're where whatever. age you think it is but but like if you're just like it's not weird. i like it yeah eat a dick. here's it doesn't matter here's the thing. though weir it might it might if you're like trying. to date yeah it might get in the way. it should get in it. way so like if you are trying. to get out there. and like you're trying to. meet somebody and find a serious. le you should get your own. place that that's the one. thing that i would agree. with for the one thing. that i was actually going. to say i agree with everything. you said but that is for sure. something that you you got to. definitely cuz the potential partner. would be like oh i don't know. is that weird and you don't well. you can't go back to. his place and stuff that that's like a step. that's like another step i mean. or you can and then it's just like feel weird. jennifer's here you know. we're going to bangarang for. the first time in our room. uh so if you hear anything. it'll be that yeah don't come. don't come okay sweetie. let me put the underwear. my underwear on the door. knob so they know. but dude here's the thing. they're well off maybe they got a giganto. house that's true or maybe he's in the guest. house dud yeah and there's like a whole. separate wing where he could. just be like bangar ranging and mommy and daddy don't even. know that is true you know. so yeah we don't know. dude we don't know the details. what i the takeaway though. is it is not necessarily weird. yeah that's it that's it. it's it's what year would you. say at what year would. you say it starts. getting not weird but out of the norm. what would you say i honestly. i would say like well it. is out of the norm. of 24 already you think so but i think society. agrees that it's just straight up weird. across the board everybody. would think it if you're like in your late. 20s definitely 30. 30 for sure but i would think but by 24 i think most people are like oh you still with your parents. that's weird because the assumption. also is that you want to. get the [ __ ] out of there that's true. wants to live with their parents. after the moment they don't. have to every kid. wants to get out. there i'm not thing you should no. no no do what you want. to do but but uh when did i yeah. i guess i did it. as soon as i yeah i was out. of there before i was 18. what no ding i mean. you weren't you know. yes i was i mean i was in college. but i was out of my parents. house cuz you were i was 17 when you went to. college yeah that's right. the man you doie hower what yeah. i'm the man oh you're like du haer. [music] dude bad no it was better. than you normally would do i thought it. was going to be a business. but good job then you wanted to. you go and then you go but whatever that's we not you. know i wasn't yeah no no. no no no see you do. that and we don't like that. okay the vibr when it's not even. in there you know. it's not uh wow that show. huh remember the intro. to that show the black and white oh there. we go there it. is hit it keep going. yeah yeah yeah oh yeah oh yeah here i'll what. dude if you made a a beat with this. yeah i bet it exists. though come on let's be real i don't know man. what a bad cranking song. it's just so so bare yeah. you know now it's getting busy breeze. through high school in 9. weeks that's so smart. what a weird what remember when shows. used to just tell the whole backstory in the opening. i know crazy that looks like me. as a kid yeah it does. except you were an idiot and he was smart. no that that note. that is not good i remember. this show i was like whoa. dude this show's ill. bro neil patrick harris max. castello's a pimp working dude. ne patrick harris came out of the womb. with a punch card. dude this guy never stopped working. no i don't think he's working. on anything now james sicking y i. think just died i think he just died. yeah oh man dude. what david kelly i know. his son i know one of his sons david. kelly david kelly yeah david kelly created. with steph bko i thought stephen bco created it. he did with david kelly. okay i didn't know that. uh i know steep botko. but yeah botko no no sten botch. cool the the [ __ ] that that some of times the [ __ ] that you do is great truly that's truly bad no okay talk to. you into it so so so suceptible all. right i see the next one. hey fellas matt i'm your friend. chris i'm your friend um in no. particular order so okay my son. was born last tuesday he's been in nicku uh he's premature sorry. to hear that my motherinlaw. today decided to. say some [ __ ] out of pocket. [ __ ] to my wife. um basically she said that. she hates my wife for choosing. the name that we chose. and for not getting circumcised. what the name that she hates. uh is the middle name. which happens to be my first. name and the circumcision thing. she said that uh he's going. to be seen as disgusting. by every woman no woman's ever. going to want him. which uh is super offensive. and also i'm not cutting. a piece of his dick. off so yeah um anyway i don't know what to. do how to. move forward on this. cuz i'm pissed right. and so is my wife. and we've been through a lot. so so hopefully my boy comes home. this week and uh sure will i appreciate you. guys thanks your boy. will be okay appreciate you. what do you do. honestly dude is that what he said. at the end there what do i do. yeah dude it that lady. is so out of touch. here's what you do you don't. even do anything this woman. is almost dead she doesn't know. i mean she may not almost be dead. anything though but she doesn't know anything. people of a certain age. and i don't mean you hit that. age and then suddenly it happens. i mean it's different. for everybody but everybody has that age. that they hit they're just [ __ ] wrong. about everything from that. point on and that my age and that was three but um and they just get locked in in their ways and there's no getting through to. them about anything they don't even. consider other possibilities obviously your motherinlaw. hit that and dude. it's just let it go. meaningless i wish that we could ask him. about the wife like his wife. like how she's been dealing with it. if she's totally on his side. or what i mean she must be. told on side i they don't. like the name they chose. of course she's on his side. well what he said was she now. hates her daughter because of what they named the kid. also if you really care about the middle. name that much and you're not bro. i don't even know people's middle. name she's so crazy. i don't even know your middle. name imagine imagine we're even got the most the craziest part. the kid is in the nicu and she's got the [ __ ] audacity. she's got the todr just pissed. about the middle name they [ __ ] chose and the fact that didn't mutilate his cocko yeah so italian i think that i think that it's well this is one of those things like a reaction from somebody that is has nothing to. do with you yeah just phas like just don't deal. with her for as long as this. energy is coming at you what she's proven to. you is that there's like no room. for her energy in your life. totally pro let that be proing. like known to you now. mhm and apparent and like a line. in the sand this was the moment. that she proved to. us that she doesn't mean. you eating pudding diddly dick. to us from here on. out you eat pudding. wait till you eat pudding. wait till you wait till you wait till you hit the bathroom. the proof will be right. in the toilet wow took so so securious to. get there you know that's crazy. dud how about some after you take a [ __ ] they'll be the proof some people dude just i got to. start using that that's really dope. old people shut up you know old people are. just unbelievable dude the [ __ ] that they say i know i know they're crazy they're out of touch. and they lose but they lose. their their minds that's it. that's the other thing too and if you want. to be understanding about. it you don't owe this. to her she's going soft. and it's obvious nobody does that. who does that n it's crazy. to their own daughter when they new born. child is in the niku who says i hate i. hate you now because the middle name you chose. for your child oh and i hate you. now because you didn't get your son's circumstance. women are going to. be scared of him do yourself. a favor do yourself. a favor video record you eating pudding. okay and then so you have that. video and then the next time. she comes over right make sure. you do you you eat the pudding. like four three and a half. 4 hours before she comes. over okay then the next time. she comes over over okay but you got to. film yourself you go to. the bath you bring her. in the bathroom or come here. you go bring her you sit on the toilet. and you wait you have her. wait there you don't leave. hold on stay. right there no no i need you to. see this and you get up. and you go like this. before you wipe anything. just look check this. out and she says what is that and i say that's the proof. right there and if you don't think i pudding. check this out and you show. her the video and you're like that. was three and a half. four hours earlier. so you know the proof of the pudding. you're out of my life. what is happening could you imagine if you did. that whole like could i'm going. to do that though like what i can't wait. to do that to. my kids what proof is in his [ __ ] like what is the pro. what is the proof is the pudding. the proof that she's she proved. to you you prove. to me that your energy. has nothing it there is no. my life has nothing to. do with your energy. so he's taking the expression. yeah the proof is in the pudding. as very literal yep. and i you don't think you don't think that's pudding. i knew you'd say that. we'll check this out three. and a half did you time. stamp it three and a half. four hours earlier. i was who's that that's me. and what is he eating. pudding great i mean would it. be so mentally unstable if you did. that you know dude. can you imagine you're the one. to worry about yeah if you did. that man i got to. do that i'm going going to. do that don't i'm going to. do that i coined that by the way. yeah no one else would even. think of it so no one. else would ever try. to steal it dude. someone's going to steal. that [ __ ] eating pudding. recording it [ __ ] 3 and 1 half. hours later and bringing the person. that they want to. see the proof is putting to. in the bathroom with them and then poting to. it and then be like and also i have proof i putting 3. and 1 half hours. earlier i guess what i'm still missing. is what's in the [ __ ] that proves anything. right what is the proof that is in the pudding. what are you proving that there's that the person. whatever you want it's the saying the saying means nothing. prove is in the pudding. means well what it means is there's your proof. right there you showed me right. look the proof is in the pudd. gu so honestly he didn't file. his taxes what i'm really honestly. realizing is i don't even know what the proof is in the pudding. means everyone get in here judge lawyers. get in here jury get in here. get in here no no. no don't leave yet. don't leave yet. stenographer make sure you're getting all. this okay get up. now everyone gather around. look at this order order. would be in ja. what is that that's that's if you don't know. that this pudding oh well. check this out hold. on where's my phone. can you go out actually in the kitchen. jury number contemp so quickly go. out in the kitchen and grab my phone there. here we go okay. there we go hold. on i deleted it. uh let me get into. the deleted recently videos. okay and i didn't delete it so there. you go and that is me what who is. that judge who's that me. eating what pudding exactly that. is what that is and the proof. is in the pudding. i rest my case court. is a journ thank you very. much your honor what does the proof. is in the pudding. mean thank you for that. um it a really powerful. uh performance it's like uh and justice for all remember that. the last yeah and you're out. of order and you're out of order. the proof is in the pudding. you know what it means i don't i i don't i have. a thing up here the proof of the pudding. is in the eating what does a proof. in is in the pudding. come from the proof is in the pudding. is an alteration of an of the older. expression from the proof of the pudding. is in the eating oh that's like [ __ ] with my head why i'm like getting. so tripped up by this. wow the early 1600s. thought they made pudding. in the 1980s oh pudding's been around. for [ __ ] ever dude cuz it's nothing ah yeah of course that's what it means dude. come on i had to. try it out too huh. dude how about back. in the day when they used. to just add letters to. words that didn't need to. be in there remains with an e. between the n and s pretty. weird work has an e. at the end of it. for no reason where oh yeah. that is weird anyway wow. what a weird expression. rain yeah yeah anyway how about that. proof is in the pudding. baby all right we could also name. the episode that should we do one. more sure let's do it. hey matt and chris big fan. been watching since day. one question today is i've just moved into. sales at work i was in the store. room kind of hidden away um and now. i'm on the floor. selling electronics and [ __ ] australi i've been told him a people person i've been told i'm very approachable. and kind but in my head. man got i'm crazy man. i've just been diagnosed with like adhd. i'm on spectrum a little bit um depression and all this. [ __ ] so i you know i just want to. know if there's any any way. i can anything i can say to. myself to to. help myself calm down cuz now i've gone. from seeing no one. every day in the store. room to now hundreds of people. every day and i talk to. everyone as draining and i just want. to know if you had any advice. i'm sure both of you. have met a lot of people and and and you've both been on. stage and stuff so i just yeah. i just want to. know if you have any advice. on how to. kind of get myself through. all these social interactions and. and how to. kind of get some confidence. i i'm just kind of struggling in my head. to to pull it together. anyway love you both it's one. of those things i have some advices. for you but it's one of those. things that is like it. it it it creates its own. momentum and then you're [ __ ] once it starts to. get going cuz you like start. it's like it's like i've been having trouble. sleeping now every time i go to. sleep i'm like i hope that. this isn't going to. be a night where this. happens and it makes it worse. it's been going on with me. it's real bad oh really yeah. it never hasn't happened in years. and it happened to. me this month and i'm just so miserable it's yeah. it sucks so um ah man. but here's the thing medication. here's what it is for me. though the key to. all this no one knows this. yeah they don't know no. one knows this is going on. and so much of what we do. in our minds we think. other people are like either onto. us or can tell or see. our discomfort or anxiety. it is not true dude. nobody sees it and even better. nobody gives a [ __ ] even if they did see. it they do not [ __ ] care because you're just another person. in the world to. them and i mean that in a good that's a good. thing i don't mean like you're meaningless. i mean like you're just to. you you're you and it's the end. all be to. everyone else you're just a [ __ ] guy it is weird. though ease up on yourself. it is weird how you can be thinking of things. and and like you could stop yourself. from talking something but you can't. really stop you can stop yourself think but but but but it's a a lot. harder yeah you got to. be an expert level meditation. [ __ ] thank you and it's just like weird because you know like sometimes people will just be like in this super market and i'll see them and i'm like what if i just walked up to. this person and then i'm like i have to. walk away from that person because i'm like i can't stop thinking about it. i think i'm going to. do it mhm it's like people. the common one of that. is people get close. to a they're up. high they get close. to a ledge and they think they're going. to jump off and it's like brains are full of like constant contradictions. and they don't stop for anything. just it's also your gift. though i mean's of reality. i think that i have a low. low low level of tourette syndrome that's how bad. it is with me you've you've said that. before i you said that. recently on the show before. yeah yeah maybe it's just like i'm like oh i'm almost going. to do it did i just do it. did i my pro. it's like well thanks for bringing. this up buddy now i feel like a [ __ ] lunatic but you uh no i i just it's part of you know just you're interesting and it's going to. be weird but you're going to. be all right just know that. no one whatever feels like you're looking. cares yeah no one is. seeing it picking up on it. and even if they did they don't care. so just treat everyone like you're never going. to see them again. again because guess what you're [ __ ] not yeah it's not like i keep seeing the same people over and over again and it's like okay well a crazy person absolutely cra person real or not be be all right all right well there you go good lu soad i've been there before i'll be in memphis. speaking of things that nobody ever wants to. say i'll be in memphis. and i will be in dallas. and i will be in uh witchita. and oxnard california i got dates. coming up go to. chris le dot com thank you. very much thank you make sure. you check out the dates on the lifeline. live shows in southern california. they're both going to. be banger ranga ranga ranga. and of course subscribe to. our patreon at patreon dot com. lifeline luxury all the lifeline. live episodes will be taped end. up on that channel. so make sure you are subscribed. if you are not already and subscribe. anyway because we got not only two episodes. a month now but at least three thank you very. much hello hello hello hello hello hello hello 