 [music] [music] runk hello. hello hello will hello hello wow we're we started. we started should have stretched should. have stretch before we started a stretch happens. when it happens put my hood on. put my hood on you don't know. when to stretch is going. to happen got get dude. how about when you stretch plan on. stretching the pleasure it brings robot. the utter pleasure it. brings it does yeah you know. what actually um what i was thinking. about um really brings a lot. of pleasure and it it. brings a lot me a lot. of pleasure now way more. than it used to. and i wonder if it always made you feel pleasure. going peeee going pe pe it makes me. feel so good sometimes if you actually think about it. while you're going and you're like oh this. is a awesome going peeee. has it's not like that. common but there are there. have been times i've gone. peeee that are just like that feels what is that too. good if you know what if you know. what i'm saying it's in the first. few minutes so i'm not. going to get into. it but feels a little too good. what is that maybe you're just climaxing dude. i have no idea i think it. has something to. do with the pross okay. well that's medical the pr. piece you know what i'm saying. yeah yeah yeah but anyway i don't know. what but usually i'm just like oh man. as i get older it. feels better and better and i'm just like this. is great i think it's the prospes cuz as you get older. a collapse of the of the great. business in that area. for men great so now. what well you're going to. have to pee more. and more in throughout the night we talked about recently. as you get older. that's going to be a whole thing. uh but yeah but you know. what it's episode 97 isn't it. oh yeah it's episode. 97 and it's technically it's technically technically it's sunday. february 18th right now right. now as we hear it. right now as you hear this. as you hear this. it's it's february 18th. yeah right now it's valentine's day. when we record it i love. you too matt i love. you too and i love all. of you out there. i would love you all. even more those who are already signed. up for our patreon at lifeline. luxury patreon dot com lifeline. luxury i love you. all extra and all of you. who are not signed up. i will love you extra. if you go become a patron over on patreon you should patreon. dot com lxury. it's so good the last one. we did it's probably my favorite. one ever this show gets better. that show gets better and better. i would say this last episode. of this regular version. was the best and also well one of the best. people were really liking the last. episode so many messages saying that. the last episode of this. show the best they loved it. who knows well hey maybe. we're just hitting our stride. you know yeah know but anyway um you could go sign. up for lifeline luxury. do it do it do it. also the private records out. four episodes are now out. the fourth one is a special. valentine's day episode is wild. the craziest uh romantic. story i've ever heard just the biggest liar. ever ever ever it's so good. uh it's up right. now go check it out uh the private record. and subscribe over at the private. record channel on youtube thank you very much thank you very much uh um yeah you interviewed a liar. or the person was lied. to he got so swindled and [ __ ] lied to. he calls it the ultimate catfish. but guess what that's the wrong. thing to say it's not. a catfish he met. her face to. face she fed him the biggest lies. that she was pregnant. that she had brain. surgery it was like and he believed it. all wow gosh some people don't believe. anything i had someone lie about that. once pregnancy yeah mhm yeah i've never had someone lie. about that uh but who knows maybe i maybe maybe people have been telling me. lies my whole life and i don't even know maybe everybody's a really good liar. yeah that's true now i'm paranoid. now i'm paranoid everybody's been. lying my whole life yeah you're not my brother. the last two the last two. nights i i this is weird. i've had do you have like do you remember your dreams. i mean sometimes and and what. percentage would you say are nightmares oh uh low right. low pretty low yeah yeah same. i remember i'm more lik to. remember a nightmare i had two dreams. two nights in a row. mhm one dream two night. the same dream i'm trying. to say i had the same. not it wasn't the same. dream i had okay this. is hard to. explain for two nights. in a row yeah i had a dream. martin luther king double in it. though okay for two nights. in a row i had a dream. so the first draft of his. speech yeah yeah but it wasn't the same. dream but it wasn't the same. dream i mean i know that. that why are you even specifying that's. making it more confusing. who has the same dream i. i was like the sequel. to dream recurring dreams okay. sure okay yeah go ahead. they were both about vince vaugh why. i don't know i never had a dream. about vince vaugh before. vin they were nice dreams. and they were good dreams. okay and i don't really remember them. but i remember thinking like oh this. is cool like he likes me. that's a good dream yeah. that counts as a good. dream and my friend said that. he was talking to. him once like two years. ago and he was like he's like i was talking to. vince vongh about you. and he thinks you're funny. that's cool but you kind of know. met maybe two three times yet. yeah bragon well that's cool. man i am brag. it's awesome you are funny. well no thanks thinks you're funny. whatever i don't you know. now i feel actually a little bit bashful. i didn't mean to. bring it up okay. well anyway you know what i should bring up. too you want a oneone oneone. with me okay go to. mat dot com you want the lifeline merch go to. lifeline merch dot com. sorry thought you want to. submit you want to. submit a question to this. show go to watch. dot com or submit the link. below m machines man yeah um got i think about the micro. machines guy way too much. yeah it's too much. yeah it's too much. anytime somebody talks fast i think micro machines. guy yeah it's too much. and i'm just like you know. what i mean the story ended before. that part what's story uh it's nice. out i'm having a good time. robot robot just got programmed yesterday. what about this apple. vision pro dude you can. get it i zuckerberg says met. is better wait what zuckerberg. says the metag glasses. whatever they call it. is better aren't they both. by facebook oh no one's by du d d d du okay so the apple mega. pro spectral goggles whatever. called that thing $3500 oh yeah. so it's expensive. hey don't buy it yeah. he don't buy that. because it's the first one. of its kind probably sells well. that's the thing probably sucks. yeah it's probably cool. for 12 minutes i don't. yeah i don't understand got to. get it off yeah i i feel like it. would definitely cause like migraines. and stuff headaches yeah no no question. whatever and accidents you know. people be peeing oh. oh got it you know. peeing in your pe. peeing no i don't know. maybe um they should i have so many. ideas for great apps though. for it everybody thinks that no. no but i won't i won't pursue them. oh okay you me great. for that specifically only the goggles. i don't even know that. that's something you have apps just for the i guess. of course what am i talking. about yeah uh you could do a game. where you you're peeing and when you go. to the potty feels really good you can. you can target people. you can you can put up you can be like i don't like that. guy put a put a picture of him. on there ah okay and you can pee. on the person's face if you don't like robert. j that into like a fire. extinguisher a pie you could do. lot yeah but that's a little tougher now. we're getting into you know. now we're getting into. a little bit more of a development. situation right i mean you still have. to develop the pee yeah but no no no. you pee you when you're peeing. you see a face oh oh so you actually. have to be peeing. when this yeah i go to. the bathroom go i'm so excited i get to. pee on robert j face. if you don't like oh hey that's cool. yeah okay there's also another one. you could um shoot zombies or shoot. vampires that are around. trying to get your friends. if you're hanging out with your friends. don't i don't think you're the first person. who's thought of that one. well the one you might want. to patent that one but i'm sure somebody or at least thousands. of people are already on the zombie. one whatever um you could also have one. where you change the weather. these are just ones i'm thinking. of now well you know. let's not do that cu. pretty soon they're really bad. and feel like the weather. chang because you can't but you can see. like a storm coming you go storm's coming. for an i have two ideas. for regular apps not the goggles. one is it changes. the weather physically in the real world but that doesn't work and then you open the app you say i want it. warmer and then you get really a lot warmer you stop shivering take off lay and the other one is it's a money app and all you do is it prints cash yeah those aren't i don't know if that's that would maybe ruin society huh it would be such a good the weather would be changing so much you know people would be yeah it be bad for the economy ultimately well the weather would be changing so much and people's finances would be changing so much yeah everyone would die. in a week i'm a disruptor i'm a disruptor that's what i'm a disruptor i'm a disruptor that's the most. the most mega geniuses are always disruptor steve. jobs martin th martin luther king. jr frank thomas uh the b bigt the big hurt. i always mess it. up also randy john the big. unit the big unit okay. now we're name two basket. two baseball players yeah all right. uh we should get into. the submissions if you want more. more b s in might if you want. more bans over to. lifeline luxury bans sick. and anyway all right yeah let's get into. submissions you want to. do it yeah so close so close hey matt you guys are the [ __ ] skies thanks. man just want to. call him real fast. um is he with a parrot. so i have this job. and i love it a lot. and uh i wanted a raise. so what i did was applied for this other job. that was way more money. and it turns out i got that. job so i went to. my job told them. i got it they offered. me a counter office for more. money hey now i feel really bad. because i think that's a scummy. way to get a raise. but oh well you maybe it's not i'm not sure. but i just want to. ask could you guys do you guys think that's a really. scummy way to get a raise. uh if so let me know or have you ever. done anything like that uh once again you guys are the shitsky this. is levi calling in than wanted good to. get shitsky and so you know. i don't think is is that. scummy that's like what agents. do i just have one thing. to get out of the way. next time you send a video if you sent. another video get out of the airplane. engine that you were in when you took that video take it. take a video in a different. place i i i um with a parrot. get out of the airplane. engine that you were in with a parrot. you in an iron. long in a daycare i i don't you're an hour. lung in a rainforest in a daycare. um i i don't know you know. is that scummy i don't dude. i don't when he said that. i thought that's extremely cool. know your worth and if someone else doesn't know. your worth show them your. worth yeah in another way and dude. that is a great way. to go maybe i'm way. off i'm proud of this. guy i i yeah i wouldn't think that that's scummy. at all maybe am i bad. bad are we bad for that. no dude he's the [ __ ] cuz you also here's the thing you didn't even go in to. be like let me try. to get a raise. up my job and get a job from another job. and see if i can you know. what i mean like you didn't even. do it sound like it yeah. maybe he's asking because he knows deep down. that is what it was deep. down he was duplicitous like that. but even if that's true. that's fine if somebody if you want. if you think you're worth. more than you're being paid. and you love your job. it's fine to. ask for a raise and if they don't give it to. you it's fine to. look elsewhere for a job. and then if you get one. and they're going to. pay you more it's absolutely fine. to say to. your current boss or whatever. higherups yeah hey this other place. offered me more money but i want. to stay here can you match. it and if they can it's all the [ __ ] skis. man yeah it is the [ __ ] skis. kind of so everything's all good. you didn't do anything wrong. you did everything right the only thing. you did wrong was the way. you took that video in an airplane. engine with a parakeet yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i don't think uh that's yeah no you got nothing to. worry about it you did. good yeah congratulations you got a raise. you got a raise. you get to stay. at the job really really like it's not like you took the boss's wife. hostage and is like give me a raise. before that would be bad before. her life ends if you do. before her life ends uh that. would be really bad. but you did good okay. we're proud of you man. yeah good job dude. keep on being the [ __ ] skis we're the [ __ ] skis he said i know but i'm saying he is too okay well it seems like you're just saying because he said up i did i am so then it's not really but i think he's the [ __ ] and i'm i'm i'm i'm taking on his term to. refer to him. okay okay no stop calling me. out for it let's go another no no no okay we'll do another one. hello forgot how to. say hi hello m hello. chris big fan big fan. of uh chris for many years and now big fan. of your podcast i love it. it's like the only one i listen. to cute thank you so i have a question. i've been like i'm an overthinker i overthink. everything and it's bothering me. to a point where like i sometimes. i hate my brain. like can rel i can't. stop overthinking and so i had uh this night. out with um this girl that i kind of like you know we saw each other a couple times we kissed a little bit that's it. nothing happened nothing else and we had a night. out and i don't know why i drank a lot and i was super drunk. i usually don't drink that. much but i don't know why maybe i was nervous. because of the social gathering. people i didn't know whatever. mhm and so now i'm overthinking. if maybe she got the ache. because you know i got so drunk. but i was funny drunk. i was cute drunk. okay then well that's what i think oh you're overthinking. yeah well i think that's your point. right i don't know should i should i just give up. and um you know what she probably got aic. or whatever she didn't tell me. anything about it like she didn't say. anything i actually uh suggested yesterday. that we should see each other. at night and she said that. she had plans which is fine. but that made me overthink. more yeah yeah so i know who i am i. know i know who i am as a person. i know my value but i can't stop overthinking. the little things that i do. man and it's driving me. crazy what do i [music]. do okay i mean i can relate to. that for sure uh that first of all. that sucks i know what that's like and and i'm sorry. but for me in situations. with other people like the one you're describing. with that girl that you like and kind of kissed. but are worried she you gave her the ick as you put it um the chances. if you already are someone who overthinks and you know. that the chances of someone else. thinking along the same lines. as you about you are. so slim it's it's helpful. some sometimes to. think of it as a numbers. game like that person is not thinking to. thinking about you and the way. you were behaving and the minuscule micro. things you were doing that. added up and sort of like that's not what this. girl's thinking she might be thinking things that you don't want her to. think but there's no controlling. that anyway but like i guarantee. you she's not thinking the things that you're thinking. about yourself that's just that's you. being way too interior and overthinking. the things that you as a unique. individual on this earth. obsess over and that's not what she's. doing or anyone else is going. to be doing for that. matter yeah i don't think it's probably. fine you know and if you think that look the overthinking. thing is horrible man. i mean i don't do that. with stuff like that but i definitely do that. and and i have intrusive thoughts. and i take medication. for it but like you know. cy grar you know sometimes i'm thinking about tos salad. and scrambled eggs um but i don't know. man i i that's a that's a tough one. i i just i would what i would try. to do is get my mind. off of it by doing something. else that's always helps with me. so either activity or like physical. activity or g talk to. someone else that could happen. you know also i mean i i'm uh needless. to say i'm not a medical. professional but if it's that. bad and it's to. the point where it's debilitating. where you start to. hate yourself because you're overthinking so much. it's it could definitely be worth. seeing a medical professional. about it because there is medication. for such things exactly that i do. that and if it's if it's obsessive to. the point that it's getting. in the way of your life. that's exactly sort of what. it's for right right right. right so so i do that. also you got great tattoos so i think it's more girls. thinking about your tattoos and how cute you are and how sweet you are and how you put it you were funny. drunk it's people want to. think good things about people. too so if you had both. options if it was like well maybe she thinks good things. or maybe she thinks bad things. the chances are she's thinking good. things want to. think good things espe about people. just met yeah and i my proac. so um so it's all good. and you're going to. be fine and should be okay. also pro as just as a last thing. your mind is like that. at its core for a good. reason it's good to. be sort of aware of. the way that you are it's good. to have this on your behavior. so don't think of it. as a purely antagonistic. thing like you at you. at or with your own. mind it obviously gets to. that but at its root it's not. really that it it's like a runaway train. at a certain point but keep in mind. that this this kind of brain. activity is actually there in our minds. anxiety for instance to. help us it it. is a part of evolution and we have evolved with it. obviously in this day and age. a lot of us have runaway anxiety but like again. at its core this is a good. thing try to. keep it your friend uh you are not my friend. ruined it you are. ruined it immediately was. good ruined it immediately. chris what is that song aaka. j mamoa does that reggie in the full. effect you know it all up is called. dw inv thank you dw. invasion i don't care i want. everybody go listen to. reing the full effect. d invion how about this. when i went like this. i hit the microphone. pull back and there was a piece of hair. on there a magician the the magan starting. out watch me put a hair on my microphone. and can i ask a question. and i don't want this. to be gross. this is not gross. i'm i'm genuinely i generally want to. know sounds like it's gross. it's not though it's really not if you just think about it. okay trimming your your pubic. hair oh god is it. gross is it gross. to talk about yeah man. it's just hair down i know but just the you know. what it is for me. the word the word all right. so let's call it some el hershey. bars trimm your hershey bars okay that sounds your hershey. bars that sounds gross okay. to me that sounds gross. pubic hair you know what i really hate what manicuring okay. landscape landscaping manap figure out what. you hate first before. you talk no yeah it's true. good idea good advice so. listen i do it. do you no i mean do it. you do do it i don't want to. but you do it i've done. it yeah go i've done. it i've done it. okay so you don't want to. but you do it i've done. it you're an idot you're an idiot. i've done it okay just say you do it. or if you do it. you don't have to. be like ky about it. i'm not i think it's i'm being more accurate. i think it's more accurate. to say i have done it. all right i do it. okay um and i think you got to. do it who are you. talking to but why get long. you just thought of it. yeah no because i did last night. the way your mind works. you know we're talking about this. woman in her situation she's so nice. she's so sweet she's a fan. of yours specifically and you're just thinking about. like i trim my pubes. you know i thought of it. i can take it down. the lane about why i thought of it. sure sure sure sure we'll get a window. into your mind she has tattoos on her. neck m i have tattoos on my neck. i thought wow we kind of actually. have the same areas. of tattoos on our neck. we do she has the neck. one over here and then i have the one. coming up this way. and that's what she had okay. her one coming up. this way looks a little bit. like a very very hairy. uh chest hair peeking out and i thought that. about mine once and i was like huh. it's interesting because when i look at her. it doesn't look like that. so it definitely doesn't look. like that on mine and i thought hair. and then i thought the hair that comes. out of the neck like that. is a lot like the hair that comes. out of the hair from the belt. line and then i thought h. i trim my pums i night. remember when we saw l. coj live when we were little kids. and you were like his his penises. out and i kept being like no it's not no it's not but you meant. his pubic pub dude. i i i knew it. wasn't his penis. that was out and it was his pub. no you're misremembering it's probably cuz i didn't know. what pub care was yeah. you were so young okay well you're being remember we said and the mom said and mom said that's actually disgusting. you don't do that she got like real. serious about it we're were like what. the [ __ ] i mean it. is pretty disgusting no but she was. like yeah that's not even. good that's not cool it's not sexy. it's not funny it's gross. she didn't like it maybe that's why. you feel weird now about pubic. care therapist and i don't therapist. you know this is like an episode. of frasier guys um so and and and so and so anyway. i did it but i i did. it in bed you've trimmed. your hershey bars in bed. check this out that's the worst. idea ever dude what is wrong. with you tell me a better. way to do it. over something so it disposes. properly go ahead like what come on let's let's walk this through uh something with a drain a toilet and it gets clogged what do you sasquat no and then you see pubic hairs all over the toilet not if you are not a slob or a sasquatch all right your hair's like a 9.3 your head hair not my hershey hershey bars no i don't know i'm going to. tell you something about this. though about the pubic. care thing all right. keep going life hack if if we must okay. life hack in bed. you do it in bed. freak okay god you're weird. okay go ahead okay. and tell me why it's weird. why don't you tell me. why it's why don't we walk. through this tell me why it's weird. tell me already weird why. though go ahead fired off because you're going to. make a mess no i'm going. to make a mess okay. all right goe let's walk. down this road go ahead. go ahead that's it. oh yeah you're going to. make a mess where where's the me. in your bed yeah yeah yeah oh interesting. well i have a limp roller. all right and let me tell you one. thing about lint rollers they're so good. they work yeah yeah they do don't they they work. really well don't they they do. the right ones you let the yeah you sure. want to go down. this road i i yeah. i'm already down the road. it's all right the hairs everywhere. on the bed you take a lint roller. and you wipe it up. and it's gone and how does christ feel about this. does she know she doesn't like it. yeah no [ __ ] but she doesn't really care. that much and i and i understand. that that we that it's a good. thing to do what. because you're always doing weird. [ __ ] like this so she has she say like too much she can't be like that is the problem. how do you get under it. though i go i lift my legs. up i get under it. anyway let's go to. the next one actually no you made an interesting. point about the chest hair about. her and her overthinking it made me think about you. thought this about yourself. it looks like chest hair then you saw her. tattoo popping out and you thought oh wait it. doesn't look like well i thought oh i wonder. if it looks like chest hair. cuz mine looked like chest hair. and i go actually hers looks more like chest. hair because it's mine's two mountains. but hers is like wiry things. coming up but then it looks less. like chest hair cuz she's a woman. like it doesn't look like it. also looks nothing like chester. on either one of you and i'm here. to tell you that and that's my point. good i like her i like point. is that we think things. about ourselves that other people don't think because we're looking at ourselves. thinking about ourselves way way. way more than anyone else. and so this is a very roundabout. way of getting at the advice. for you right is that what you're thinking and overthinking. is not what other people. are think and there we have it. thank you very much elvis. and there we have it. so before we even. get into the next one. rochester new york kitchener ontario. i'm going to be in shareport louisiana. houston texas corpus chrisy durham north. carolina norol virginia grand rapids fort. wayne sagen victoria bc. augusta georgia north charleston south carolina. and chattanooga tennessee. and that's going to. be at chris le dot com. go get those tickets now. they are on sale chat. chat chat anoa that is do. you think so dude. i've known you for so long. that's the worst thing you've ever. done that's the worst. thing i've ever you've ever. done in your life no no no no in front of me. check it out one. more time ch ch. chat anoa i don't like that at all. dude all right well sleep. on it no sleep. on it you call. me tomorrow did you sleep on the thing choa um so anyway dude uh i i'm going to. be in norfol virginia and i kept saying norfol and i was like is. it i think that's how you pronounce it. but i don't know and then i heard somebody say norfol the other day. on tv and i was like dude. i was right the whole. time you're in the money isn't that. a good story yeah i like stories like that want to. go to the next one. yeah let's do the next. one okay and stop that story as soon as possible. matt and chris hey um so it's my birthday. today um i am here's okay. what do i do cute. cute i've gotten text. from like everybody my mom my dad. my brother my best friend. my cousin my aunt okay. um but i haven't got a text from like my grandma. do i screenshot all the texts that i've gotten and send it to. her what do i do. do i say do i call her. do i text her be like hey it's my birthday. no what do i do. who dude it thanks. guys let me tell you dude. it's my birthday a family member. doesn't text me i think good i don't have. to respond to. it i agree but here's the thing. if i i understand what this. woman is referring to. because on certain birthdays when everyone in a certain group. or family whatever texts me. happy birthday and one person doesn't it. does make that one. person look pretty bad. i'll be honest and i've had that experience i'm like damn. that one person just really missed. it huh really yeah. i'm not like upset but like damn. that that makes them look. bad i think oh i don't care. at all i don't even think about it. but in this case it's a grandma. as you said grandma's grandma. a grandma with a with a smartphone. come on even now. i mean it's getting to. the time where you know. i mean m mom is a grandma. she's good with it she's good with it. but yeah honestly she would never she would never not. do that but but yeah but i i you know. i think your grandma's losing it i think it's time. to put her in a home. i don't think it's that. no i think your grandma's losing it it's time. to put her in a home. cut ties make sure everything's in order. her will her her possessions. all that and it's time. to pack it up. cut ties time to. time to start drifting away. you don't want to. be near it you know. i don't yeah i don't it's not a big. deal at all at all. actually i think i mean if it bothers you okay maybe say something. but like it's it doesn't even. seem like it bothers her. make a joke like dude. grandma didn't call me. make the screenshot joke. make the thing you said send her a ton. of screenshots of everyone else. saying happy birthday and make like a little powerpoint presentation. actually like a little movie dude. i who cares if you i forget. stuff you know people's birthday. what i think about birthdays. is that after 16 uhhuh. we don't celebrate him we don't. care about him i'm doing a big. if somebody wants to. celebrate my birthday for me. great whatever that's cool. if somebody doesn't great that's also cool. but i don't care what happens. on my birthday i'm doing the biggest bash bro. and if somebody says what do you want. for your your birthday i say to. be left alone by you. gold bars dude you planning a bash i'm having the biggest bash dude 44. are you oh my god there's no way. that's true there's simply no. way i don't ever want to. do anything for my birthday. yeah i know and you know. what's the worst part. about the birthday is if you have a significant other. and they do something and they want to. do something for you you. don't want to. do something and then you say you know. what i don't want to. do something and then they get disappointed. yeah yeah because it's congratulations. you're making it worse. because it's like it's about them. and the whole point now. i feel bad for my birthday. oh god damn it yeah what if you did. that what if you did. that when when kristen does. it you know she gets it. she doesn't do it she's like you want. to do something like like i really don't want to. do something please don't she goes. oh really all right all right great. that's that's great yeah that's how everybody. should be but there are other people that yeah. cuz cuz kristen's love language. is you know creating. i mean my god she there. was a a valentine's day. party for for calvin and she's like i'll i'll decorate. the classroom a valentine's day. party for oh at school. yeah okay well you should have. said that part cuz that made no sense. i figured youd figure it out. because you wouldn't decorate the classroom. for no other reason for any other reason. then there's a party at the school. in the classroom all right the coolest. guy in the world so that's what i do. now when i when i when i roll. over for a point i go like this. all right coolest guy. in the world a guy. that smells like weed. so much and you already understand. why yeah and so all right. yeah so yeah so she does that. and she did that and it's great. and like like calvin's birthday's coming. up she cut out a whole face. and whole board with transformers. and does he love that. stuff he loves it. you know what's funny because i didn't like care. about that stuff when i was a kid. did you what do you mean. what stuff like calvin's. like like kristen is like do you want. to go to do this. for your birthday at this. place and he's like yes i want to. go there like i wasn't like that. that i don't remember anything. about my childhood was. yeah neither do i i don't. remember anything what the [ __ ] happened to. us i remember i think we were too blunted. i think we were too. blunted we were on weed. yeah we were little kids. on on on weed. i remember like going to. like long beach island and [ __ ] what did i to. the arcade i loved going. to the arcade i love going. to the baseball card shop you love. that too yeah but not when but when i was four. though when i was four. that age i had no memory of anything. except mrs antoine and the dinosaurs. thing and you loved candy. and calvin loves candy. i loved candy i well i refuse. to eat anything besides certain candies. which is terrible calvin said like that. right i don't like food. i only want chocolate yeah see all right. well that's really really bad but what are you. going to do you know. we space it out next. one he does get very excited by. chocolate yeah hello mad chris my name. is zan from australia i love you. guys podcast always listen. and watched and have done for quite. a while yeah um so i'm a father to. a sevenyearold cool and um i'm no stranger to. parents and interactions and things. like that it's fine. i enjoy it um but there's this one. father in particular this one. dad my son is friends. with his son and every time i see him. he always finds an opportunity. to correct my son. in a way i'm pissed that he's like feels. like he's doing me. a solid like he's doing me. a favor like he he'll he he say he he'll pull my son up. on his manage when my son's speaking. to me which has nothing to. do with him oh and but then he'll look at me. in a way of like i got you. man oh like my son. would be like i want to. go to the park. after school he like you better. use your manag when you're talking to. your your dad like that mate. and he'll look at me. like and i just think wow. shut the [ __ ] up obviously i can't say that. but it's just like man. that's so fun i need a [ __ ] second parent that's so annoying. um that's made me think about my ex. um yeah what do you think i. should do do you guys. have any advice um have you experienced. this before should i just continue to. pretend like a doesn't matter should be. like bro shu yeah anyway. let me know my love from. australia it's so funny so likable. dude yeah yeah he seems like he be our. friendable dud you know what damn. some people are just got the thing. some people just got the thing. that guy has you people start. talking and you're like yeah you got this. yeah yeah yeah you don't get that. excited about it though. no i do that's what i it's actually. i've been realizing it since i started. doing the private record it's like some people that you get in front of them. and they start telling their story you're like yes. right okay stop being over it. though but you're you're screaming. i love that guy. i'm allowed to. love that guy yeah you're allowed. to love it i just like i'm allowed. to be like all right. chill a little bit but i'm allowed. to be exu inter love. for that guy that guy is. great all right right i think you know we barely know. him we don't know. him walking back walk. walking back seems like a piece of [ __ ] but he that's funny. all right see so here's the deal. forgot to it's all. it it it it all sucks. but the worst part is at the end. like got yeah that's the that. is the cherry on top. it makes it funny too like cuz to. relate i'm think calvin or billy. well calvin i guess it's funny. to relate yes yes yes yes yes so c so i'm so calvin's. four is some was like hey you got to. use your manage when you talk. to your dad depending on how they say it. there it's different you know. obviously if they're they're just like ribbing them. who cares but like uh but if if it's anything. less than that and if you do it. more than once or twice. yeah if you do it a lot. then it's like it's like dude. yeah don't be parenting or policing my. kid i think you i honestly. think you should say something. this guy should say something. and i think it should be along. the same lines as the thing. the guy does after the fact. when he's like i got your back. that's funny be like be like hey like i like what. why why do you like you. do that a lot like i'm just like what's go. what's going on what what's why. do you do that and you could do. it with a smile doesn't have to. be that confrontational you can recognize. that it's kind of humorous like you're saying. but like like you want him. to stop and i would want him. to stop too yeah i would want. him to stop first and foremost. cuz i don't want him. to be telling my kid. what to do and i don't want. my kid to start. learning that like he has to. like listen to. every [ __ ] adult in the room. you know like i think that's a bad. lesson that we learned. listen to every listen. to the adults all the time. it's like well no some adults. are [ __ ] terrible and you shouldn't listen to. all of them you should there's a difference between listen to. everyone and respect your and respect your. others totally right um but yeah dude. like i i would not want some other dude. to correct my child. especially in front of me. if my kid's being that's especially in the world. and i'm not there of course i want. an adult to say something. but like dude what are you he's right. in front of you. yeah that's weird if i'm letting it. slide you let it dud. i know i know parents. that you know they're great. people and and they just parent. their kid way different than i. would you you know it's more. of a oh she's screaming. and being crazy or he's screaming. and being crazy mean like hands off. yeah okay yeah and i i'm just like and they're great. people like they're they're very i love. they're fun to. be around like it's not like and um yeah and and i'm just like wow. i would never let calvin or billy. get away with that you know you got to. respect the way other people. parent and i don't say anything. exactly because it's you know. well no that's that should be your point. it's kind of my point. don't's how to because because it is. a reflection on howed. and a negative reflection. on their parent so while he's like i got your back. it's also like no you're you're you're the opposite. of my back yeah you're making sure. i look like inferior to. you like you're everyone's dad. i don't even know if he's realizing. that he's doing that that's what he should say. he should turn to. the guy and say are are you my dad. yeah are you are you my dad. too dude will you pick. me up from school. h can you loan me. a few thousand where's my allowance yeah. oh yeah yeah i'll get it. back to you dad that would be good actually. what if you can pull that off do. that actually uh but yeah that's annoying. totally understand why it's annoying. to you [ __ ] that guy you should say something without being too confrontational because at the end of the day it's not like he's not like [ __ ] with you you know he probably thinks he's actually doing a good thing he's not though so it's good to subtly let him know directly but subtly let him know stop i would just be like bro you you what is going on why do you do this right it's very funny but also you're messing up like you know let me program my kid yeah program you know you know he's my robot just say that what the guy do all right all right want to. do another one yeah what's up. guys so i go to. petsmart the other day. to get a bag. of dog food and as i'm going. to the checkout realize that. they have four checkouts spots. but only one's open which just drives me. crazy but anyways the guy who is second. line was like hey man. like you go ahead of me. you only have one item. i have like five i was like man. that's really nice thanks so i'm checking out. and i realize why it takes so long it's because they ask. you like seven different questions. like what's your phone number. you have rewards do you want to. use them you want to. save a kitten like all these questions. before you can pay so while. i'm doing that they open. another register and this lady who was just like still kind of browsing like beines for the new register. and gets in front of everyone. who's been waiting at the first oh. wow that's terrible so i like stopped the cashier. and i'm like hey you should take care. of this guy first because he's been waiting. long he's been here for like five. minutes anyways the cashier disagrees with me and was like well she was here. first checks her out and you know i was just baffled. anyways what do you guys. think who's right oh well there's no question. on earth uh who's right. and that would be you and also the guy who let you go. is also right it's always better. i anytime i'm in line. and i have a lot of stuff. and there's somebody right behind me. with like one or two things. i'm always like you go of course. yes um so you're right. key's right the woman and the cashier are obviously wrong. but i've dealt with people like that woman. before who are dude. i remember one time you and i we were young. dude we were at kfc okay and some old guy. was beh was got came in after us. he was in line. behind us okay and he just walked in front of us. and said something i don't forget. i don't remember exactly what he said. but it was something. like respect your elders or like i'm a senior. citizen he just went right. ahead of us what both. of us were so shocked we didn't even. say anything oh i don't remember that. wow iatta kfc yeah yeah. but you weren't even. driving yet like we were young. yeah yeah well if we were at kfc i wasn't driving. i'll tell you that much yeah. also um yeah and i remember getting in the car. and telling mom and mom. was like what a i kind of remember that. part yeah it happened okay i swear say i don't believe. you but also why does this. guy look like he had a nose. bed except when he looked at the camera. it didn't look like he had a nose bed. but then it would look away. nose bed but but what i want. to know is i here's what i think. i think the cashier just didn't give a [ __ ] and she's just like yeah but she's here now [ __ ] it what i think is the cashier didn't see and if the cashier didn't see the cashier has every reason to. just be like well this person's in front of me. yeah so i'm not going to. tell the person in front of me. to go away but that is the culprit is obviously that that [ __ ] woman. yeah if she didn't know. he said she made a bel line. so maybe she was yeah she was like i'm picturing. her like seeing a thing. there's my shot realizing. yeah that's a piece of [ __ ] yeah it's a piece of [ __ ] move i' i've had that happen. i i've talked about this on my podcast. but i was in line. with a coffee bean. and tea leaf and the and and an old. lady is in beverly hills and an old lady. just came in walked stood right. in front of me. in line it's always an old person. and i said oh ma'am. i'm sorry i'm in line. and she said she goes. like this no you're not whoa. i have my brain she doesn't yeah right. no you're not just straight up. voodoo you know no you're not. you justed a jedi a jedi and walk away. yeah no i hate that. the that kind of person. again presuming she did do that. on purpose or at least. was aware of the fact that. she was well that's awful. yeah those kinds of people ruin experiences. across the board for all. kinds of good people and i i hate those. people damn dude hate hate. hate hate hate you really think. my hair is a 9.4 wow. been harping on it no. not harping on it been. thinking about it though. okay well keep talking about. it okay okay man uh yeah it's like an it's like let me. see look look forward. yeah it's like a 9.1 or something. [ __ ] dude i mean you said 9.4 dude i said 9.3 is what i said yeah it's like a 9.1 so it went down down like just but it's still a 9.1 it's good 8.7 fine fine fine okay fine it's like 8.4 it's really good fine 8.18 7.9 at the lowest yeah. the guy's right all right next. one my question is i've been indulging in my ex. fiance oh um ind. coming over like she's ice cream. i don't go to. her place but she comes over. here and and where we keep seeing. each other but it's never going. to work it's never going. to work out my question. is is so many fabrics i have. needs why does he have. a r you both know. that i have needs you have needs. i get it man. but should i keep indulging in that ice. scam as long as it's not. hostile and it hasn't been gonna be but eventually. it'll get there of course and i'm wondering if if i should just completely cut that off or i should use that for my needs. until i get to the next thing. and i know i sound like a piece of [ __ ] you do cuz that's a person you're talking about [ __ ] they guys not ben and jerry's i have meats you know okay but there's a thing [ __ ] sace casino before this you know like saw there's a thing that you can do it's called masturbation yeah and you can actually empty your cranking balls you can empty your crank. and balls absolutely dis. and sort of satisfy your needs. that way instead of as you. would put it indulging uh in your ex. fiance indulging dude that's amazing. like it's [ __ ] chocolate sauce yeah. incredible i love how he's like it's it's it's like it's on good. let me indulge you know. dude uh oh about to. empty out just the worst. guy said i know. but acting out made it really. extra gross what if you were having sex. with somebody and and you said to. them what dude i always ask. my wife this i say i ask. i say what what if you having sex. with the guy for the first time. and he said this mh. and i do it all the time. i know that and it's so funny. to me dude. so what's the thing this. time well but if what what if a guy was having se me. it works for women you know. but like i like to. asken like my wife but like if i what if a guy. was having sex with you first time. and he said uh oh i'm about to. empty out and went. likee so i asked her. she was like oh that. would be horrible you know. she would probably make any any woman. in her right mind want. to throw up but then i would be like but then i always say. like but what if everything. else was so good it. wouldn't matter that would r. that's that's a ruiner dude. that is a deal breaker. that's like as bad as like just bad. breath or something i'm about to. empty out uhoh. you know like it all snuck. up out of nowhere. uh but no dude. stop as you put it indulging like it. doesn't matter if like oh it's on. good terms now not gna be for very. long because that's not a thing. that lasts on good. terms for very long she's already your ex. fiance so we know that. there was some kind of bad. terms at some point you should have stopped indulging already so stop indulging now stop emptying out dude. stop emptying empty on your own. time okay there's a thing called. masturbation use it it's so. much put it to. use masturbation isn't as good. though of course it's not but like he's playing with fire. yeah you are playing with fire. masturbation is a great thing. to avoid playing with fire. but matt he's got needs. just don't get less fabrics. shoot your videos from an angle. at we what's going on are. you upside down are you in outer space. you floating what was going. on it was very very very weird. i i thought the same. thing you started talking about i was like i'm guys bringing it up. because i was going. to bring it up. because that's how there were how many things were going. on with that video it. looked like he was maybe in a tent. maybe on a toilet maybe. actually in outer space he looked. like he had an inflatable bed. that he was on he would looked like he was maybe laying down. but maybe sitting up yep it. was very strange he had. a sheet on the wall. maybe he had just indulged. honestly you never know oh he could have indulged. hey guys just emptied out. i just indulged in my ex. i i indulged in my ex. fiance that's so weird. stop it just the advice is all. jokes aside stop you you made this. video you know you should stop you wouldn't ask someone. if you to stop if you didn't know. deep down you should definitely stop stop stop stop scott stop okay. what if you were having sex. of creed scott stop of creed. what if you were having sex. and here we go. you're a chick and a guy was having sex. with you and he said right. as he's about to. have an orgasm a i'm a [ __ ] idiot i mean. i would think what what do. you think the girl i would think oh well am. am i a girl well yeah. but i would think that like he's saying something. shitty about me oh. really yeah interesting i mean obviously anybody would i wouldn't. what would you think i think like always got like a weird. kink or something like he wants. to be shamed oh you know. that's such a roundabout way. of doing it though. you'd think somebody would be a little more. i have a small [ __ ] well then i wouldn't think that would on me. no then i would think like what the [ __ ] i would think like he's embarrassed. about himself okay so say. you're having sex with a with a woman. and and you have an orgasm. and she says oh i'm a [ __ ] idiot oh then i would think it reflects badly. on me yeah i would be like what. that's so what happened. oh no i'd be like what happened. what dude to be so confused. while you're having an orgasm. yeah it's hilarious because it's so overwhelming and then you're just like wait. a minute i'd be so worried. i'd be actually worried i'd be like what the [ __ ] happened. what's going on yeah. ruin everything when i'm done feeling. good we have to. have a talk yeah i wouldn't say those. words but yeah but in your head. you' be thinking that maybe any other uh sex. hypotheticals no i mean so many they're basically all the same. them yeah they're all the same. uh every single one. you've ever asked is all. the same you know all of them. are just like i'd be like what the [ __ ] is that person. doing yeah dude i'd probably laugh. hard uh while orgasm laughing. hard just an all around great. time orgasming and laughing all. right vote for me. uh okay cool let's do another. one what did you say. for you i said vote. for me like that's that's your sl. campaign slogan all right next. one hey matt and chris big fan. i'm gonna get right into. it so my girlfriend and i we've been together. for three and a half. years we liveed together and everything. uh should probably propose soon. but on second thought maybe not because she [ __ ] furiates me so what she'll do. sometimes is when i i'll so i'll be telling a story and she will interject early. in my story with a gist. of the ending of the story and [ __ ] it all up. for example a few months. ago my dog put his paws. up on the stove turned the burner on put a cutting board on fire. almost burnt the house on whatever. burn the house on but if i were to. run into one of you and say hey chris dude. you would not believe what my dog. did the other day right. there at that point if she was standing with me she would say. oh my gosh she almost burnt. the house down oh right. and and so now my my story's [ __ ] ruined. right like i don't even if i were to. continue it would it's just my the story is. deflated you like i i'm telling the story how i want to. tell it and i want to. tell you all the stuff. and then at the end give you the shocking. bit and watch your reaction to. that information and you know. i that's that's the gratification. yeah we get it we get it. we get it we get it. that's really funny uh my wife does. the exact opposite of that. which is also annoying what is the opposite. of that she'll bring up. a story and then be like you tell it. oh like she's teating you up. without you i don't dude. you tell it yeah and then she'll do it. wrong and then i got to. do it anyway she was right. you should have done it. then she she she she knew. what she was doing she's hijacking my mind. really well i mean so overboard. you know deeper um she's hijacking my mind. into making me tell a story i don't want. to tell dude i'm not ready. for it i i it's weird. i've i've experienced what this guy. that's funny is is talking about but i can't. think of the people who've. done it oh i i go. if that happens to. me i go oh you ruined. it yeah but you can't. really do that with your soon. tobe wife you know what i mean. because you're going to. start fights if you do that in public. in front of in social settings. you're asking a great whoopsy it's a great. whoops to do that you know. but even that's kind of asking for. a fight oh it's definitely asking for a fight. think if you're asking what to. do i think talk to. her about it at a moment. that she isn't doing it. guess when you're alone. i guess don't be like hey why are you doing. what are you doing but like when you're alone. be like hey i noticed you do. this thing can we talk about that. like what's going on when you do. that like are you just so excited. that you want to. get it out like and give her like what you do. in that kind of situation. is give possible reasons that reflect well. on her so that even. if that's not the truth. she thinks you think well of her yeah. like is it because you're dumber. than you were cuz you used to. be smart that's a bad. that would be a bad example. of what to. do such a shitty compliment. that you're dumber than you. used to be uh but yeah. just come up with something. like like you know what i said. definitely not what he said but like you. want to suggest something that it. might be even if you don't think. it's the truth that reflects well. of her right okay that's cool. yeah i like that idea and then just see what. she says the idea obviously the point. you are making is that you want. her to not do it. right she'll understand that you don't. have to be a dick. about it she'll get the point. uh but yeah everybody dude. everybody if you've been together. for three and a half. years doesn't matter who you are doesn't matter. what what you are your partner. you're annoyed with them. for at least one major reason. everybody anno with me. i mean wow dude. imagine if you actually be hard. pressed to find something. imagine if you actually believed that. she might say that you know. a messi or like you know. i'm loud and my tone is. sometimes or like you know. those are some things she would say yeah. but those are not the first things. she'd say those would be like the 30th. and 31st things she'd say maybe maybe i think about myself. too much y uh we want. to do one more how we living sure. yeah let's do it solo. hey what's up chris what's up. matt love the pod. quick question advice seeking that i'm seeking right. now is i live in an apartment. complex um and there's like a there. multiple floors you know it's kind of like u. typical how apartments are right. now buildings floors all that kind of [ __ ] um but there's like a trash room. for each floor and a shoot that. goes down to. like the main dumpster mh um so the problem. that we're having in our department. that we're in is that people are too. [ __ ] lazy to. throw their trash down the shoot. and just leave it sc. throughout the trash room. and i get it at the trash. room but how [ __ ] lazy are you throw it in the shoot. keep it clean you. want to the place. you live in to. look you know that's crazy. bro so yeah just any advice. you guys have on that. like there's times when i'm like do i leave a note. like that's [ __ ] disgusting. whoever trash everywhere. that's so weird there was an address. on the box i want to. like kind of take it and put in front of the apartment. door but i don't know that's too much. and just got to. deal with it that's how people are thanks. for any advice guys thank you yeah. it's where you live so nothing. is too much be except this. actually either becoming physical with someone. or just like outright ber raing someone in front of their face. it's good you look like a big. dude it's good to. be aware of your size. in these kinds of interactions because i think. sometimes as a guy you're just pissed. and you're like well i know what the real. deal is i'm just going. to let somebody know it. it you and you don't think i'm probably scary. when i get mad trust. me bro you're scary. when you get mad so try. not to do these things. when you get mad but you would not be wrong. to write a note you. would not be wrong to. confront people directly you would not be wrong. to leave notes directly on people's doors if you know exactly. you did it dude. one time when i used to. live in an apartment building. i lived on the top. floor and there was like a little roof area. uh of everyone on the top. floor had like a little piece of the roof. on uh of their own. and one night i went up. there and there was just dog. [ __ ] all over my part of the roof. and it was i already knew. how that happened little dogs. could sneak through the bar. it was like okay you know. okay uh and but but whoever did it. didn't care enough to. clean it up oh i was so mad. wow that i printed like literally like a hundred of the same. note i put it in every elevator in the building. i put several on really every floor. of the entire building and this was at like 2. a.m. you did it at my girlfriend. at the time was like matt. you're insane but i was so mad. i couldn't get why were you so mad. i don't know i was 20. something it was so i would never like an 80. would be mad at i no. because i used to. have such an anger. problem now i don't know you know. uh but i was just so mad. it seemed so disrespectful i had to. clean it up i had to. clean up a bunch of dog. [ __ ] why did you have to. clean it up cuz it's my property. no one else was going. to do it yeah. that's pretty [ __ ] [ __ ] up uh so yeah i mean that was obviously overboard. what i did but i never found out. who did it so like it. was me and the notes were ripped. down by the time. warning came around sucked cuz because some building policy you're not allowed. to post without people everyone's permission ahead. of time oh well yeah you're not allowed. to [ __ ] on the [ __ ] exact that's what i said anyway i totally get it that's what you're describing though is the laziest [ __ ] yeah that's that so weird how could you be that lazy disgusting that's disgusting how could you be that lazy i've never seen that happen i mean i i've had i've lived in places where you know the same thing um uh the where i had a shoot and i've never witnessed that you're going to take you're going to take the time to take the trash out of your place walk it all the way to the trash room but not lift it the 3 feet you need to lift it to get it in the trash shoot the only thing i would consider and i'm i'm assuming you already have considered this but this is possible because this used to happen in my old building as well sometimes the shoot would get jammed up and then all of the shoot openings would then lock oh really so even if you went to the shoot oh you'd go to open it it would be locked then you're standing there with a bag of trash you don't want to bring it and then people would sometimes leave it at the base there which is also it's still disgusting though but yeah it is but you'd think that if that happened the guy would know like he probably that's what i that's why i'm saying he probably has already considered that if that is a possibility but if not that is worth consideration that's really weird that's crazy that you would do that do that people are people will never cease to amaze you you know what i mean in a bad way i guess so yeah you know stop what because you know what i mean yeah what's going on you guys you got delivery at the door yeah okay well it's a good thing to take care of you know you know guessed it and i did you know each other i looked like uh what's the ring app yeah it looked like that so nosy so nosy yeah so you're spying on me so dude i got to get the ring app is the ring app good i got to get it people always at my door you know and i want to know who it is but then they go away too fast really yeah people just come to your door dude i. caught my neighbor at my. door the other day. why i don't know what. do you mean you caught him. so you don't need to. ring app no but i don't know what she was doing but i saw her. walk up my walkway they. they probably somebody delivered something. there by mistake but there wasn't anything there cuz she took it back see then i would it would be handy to. have the ring right right. right or you just call me. and ask me yeah so what do. you think happened make a video for lifeline. and i'll answer it yeah yeah she's a really. well i don't want to. she's my neighbor i don't want. to yeah she's cool. sure well i wouldn't go that far. but yeah she's actually honestly. my neighbor is is the weirdest person i've ever encountered in my entire life. oh wow she's the biggest spaz in the world. she's the kind of person that sees. someone and thinks that because someone is looking she has to. be behaving in a certain way. like she walks her dogs. all the time and if i don't if i don't if she doesn't see me. if she doesn't see me she's totally quiet. okay and if she sees me. she suddenly starts talking to. her dogs like crazy oh wow come on come. on you no i know. not going that way. we're not going that i know. but she's 60 you know. what i'm saying dude when you're 60. you can't be in secure. anymore well all right dao daero dude. could be a little bit uh yeah. all right well okay then look thanks. for listening if you want to. go sign up for lifeline. luxury that's the best we love it. we love you if you do that. it helps us keep doing. this podcast and then also uh my next dates. are uh rochester and kitner. and corp sag don't forget s. houston and sagen and shareport louisiana. norfolk norol yeah yeah. you can't forget that listen. to the private record subscribe to. the private record youtube channel and of course find us. on socials at instagram. and tik tok at the private. record the episodes are on and popping my door che. to see who's at my door. and this guy's always looking. at who's at his door. and obviously get the merch. lifeline merch dot com. if you want to. submit to this show go to. watch lifeline dot com or click on the link. or description click the description below i don't know something like that you know what to. do you're not an idiot. uh and yeah absolutely i know. we already said this. but absolutely sign up for our patreon. over uh at patreon dot com. lifeline lxury you want to. talk about on and poppin. it's really on and poppin. it is really on and popping. up uh thank you all. we love you all. see you soon hello. hello hello h hello hello hello 