 [music] runk hello. hello hello helloo we are here we are here and we did it. dude we got to. episode 100 woo umit how you did. it um yeah all right. we wanted all right we wanted. to do something a little different. uh and that was it. no no it was much. much more than that thank gosh. uh but it's the 100th episode and we have a very special. guest uh this was based on well well we got the idea lifeline. from love line uh we had the idea. for the show and they were like you know. what that's like the show we love so. much yeah love line. let's call it lifeline and so for episode. 100 we got dr drew. pinsky so dr drew pinsky. let's uh we we we we had a great. conversation with him and it's really. fun and um so we hope you enjoy it. and uh we hope he enjoyed it. we think he enjoyed it. but we we'll let you do. the we'll let you do the math. on that one you know. let me just say one. thing about dr drew you'll. see how much we like him. how well we get along. how good he vibes with us. he's so crazy handsome it's crazy. okay yeah and i can't believe how long. he's been around and how much he looks exactly. the same as he did when he first started do. wild yeah some guys just age. nice he ages he ages. real nice real real nice you who what. i thought i was going. to age really nice and uh i think god had other plans. think i'm not no no you're doing. good i think i'm doing okay. well when you took a 43y old when you think of a 43y. old you think of a fat. guy i do do you uh i don't think of a fat. guy when i think of a 43y old. i do i think of you. uh no i i don't think about 43y. olds let me think what do. you think of you think of a fat. pudgy guy i do no i think of like. a rugged sort of really eyes. sunk in a little bit. but he's still there he's still got vitality. he's like he's not overweight. but he's like filled out yeah. pudge no no pudge all right. i said no so stop trying. to okay think about a 50. 55y old what do you think of. a fat guy no i don't think i don't think anybody ever. gets i don't in my mind. nobody ever gets fat in real life. everyone's fat that is true. everyone is fat you know. who doesn't get fat dr. drew neither do we dr. drew not fat we don't get fat. it's crazy we all three of us. don't get fat but um yeah so that's cool. um yes so i've got dates also coming. up corpus christie houston sheveport uh. durham north carolina northfolk virginia. grand rapids grand rapids wow. uh uh nimo bc sagen. victoria bc and uh augusta georgia north charleston south. carolina st petersburg got so many. chattanooga charleston west virginia alles what that. one say de mo. mo and green bay and then more to. come too we're doing more. do you ever say this green. bay yay i don't do that. i've never done that i might do it. but i don't i don't think that's in my near. future uh anyway so we hope you enjoy the 100th episode we really enjoyed it actually. we really enjoyed it we maybe we'll get some guests. on now who knows yeah who knows the the the future. is wide open we're going. to do this forever we're do this. till we drop it's sick. in sick in it it's still sick. in it i'm going. to eatat this entire cake. no between the moment. we go away and you see. dr the cake will be inside. my belly oh okay. y thanks guys well edit. that thanks guys part. out right because it's not thanks. guys well no thanks thanks for watching 100. episodes yeah thanks for watching. all9 like the end of an episode. thanks for watching all. 99 so far enjoy. the 100th episode yeah love you all okay. guys we did it we're here i thought. we were going to. do maybe six episodes. of this thing but we ended up doing 100. and so we're here uh on episode. 100 and we thought we'd do something. special uh and you know this podcast. actually let me just introduce the guest. dr drew pinsky right. here so number 100 i'm so privileged. to be a part of that. who knew the digital think how wild. it is you can sit here. in some space and transmit. to the world with your brother. and me and just it's it's nuts. it's nuts it's particularly. nuts for me i'm sure you are sick. of hearing this but love line. for me is such a touchstone thing. my memory it's like so many things you said on that. show are just etched into. my mind so looking at you here. in front of me. on our show weird right. is totally weird but that's why. we call it lifeline. because we were like we loved love. that's where the name. came to us i told this. to add i told it. when i did cora i told adam. and now i'm telling you but the but so it's it's a it's it's our it's our honor. to have you on this. um uh so you can check all. of uh dr drew stuff. out at ask dr. drew it's ask dr. drew i'm i'm going do it. for you guys my wife's over. here my she produces and creates everything. i do online right. now which is my whole life. these days uh it is you can get everything. at do.tv it's all of course at dr. drew dot com as well but it's called. ask dr drew at the streaming. show tuesday wednesday and thursday 3 o'clock pacific goes everywhere please subscribe at rumble if you can and then uh my new life postco is the chief patient officer for the wellness company which is really fun really interesting which is cool what does that entail it it's really i i have we've not spoken in a few years no a long time yeah and and quick i'm g to. tell a quick story first so i drove over here. in a car that you are. responsible for what i don't know. if you know this this is hilarious. i don't oh you do know. this see i tell stories all the time. i can't remember anymore. and um last time. chris was on love. line he got in his car. and turned on the engine. i was like what is that. what did you what is this. thing you're drive you're driving. an rs7 you're driving an old i got a used rs7 it's it's the to. me it's the best car in the road. i love that car it's you just turned it. on i it sounds nice. and it feels nice. and it's luxury and sporty but whatever that's hilarious. that's awesome isn't that funny youlu it. wasn't it wasn't like i ran out. and bought a car but it was e. got into my i couldn't honestly. that's what i do to. people um but uh so anyway the wellness company is i what i do. is i amum i co. changed everything yeah yeah and uh it's changed my feelings. about trying to protect the physician patient. relationship which i've my whole career. doing and i've decided it's a useless endeavor. so now i'm trying to. empower patients and we're creating. products that patients should have access to. easily cheaply things you know. how well like for instance. we just developed a. travel kit that has all the things. in it that i make my patients. take with them when they go traveling. right right right and why shouldn't you have that. with little tell health consult if you want you. shouldn't have to. be waiting for a doctor's visit you go. to an urgent care. center these things should be you know how to. use these things dude. what did you talk to. my mom cuz this 100% now now the the most annoying. thing is she's going to. be you got to. do what dr drew she's. going to tell me. you got to do. what dr drew said. our mom watches every episode when she heard you say. that she went like this. yeah mom we we are. on the same page get it. if you try to. if you try to. if you start asking me to. move furniture i'm going. to be pissed off. but um but uh so yeah so yeah you know. what's funny is because i think the last time. i saw you uh be was back. when people didn't even know now. everybody knows what a podcast. is yes but like i i didn't know. i but well but basically you were doing it. anyway i mean you were before. in the 9s but it wasn't on this. on the internet obviously but it's a little different we we were doing. the i mean these were all form. frust of something else right. like in a weird way. we were doing the first reality. show we were s of real. about real issues but it was a little bit of hanging out. which radio is not. radio is usually blah blah. bl true and podcasting. is hanging out dude and so it was all the primordium. of all these i love i. love in podcasts people say. like people often will be like hey why your standup. doesn't make me laugh. but your podcast makes me laugh. what what's the deal with. that and i'm just like you just are in this. culture now that people just like listen to. podcast all the time and they just want you to. be completely real and honest. which is like what it was. back then when when you started love line. that's correct i remember. early days with adam him just going it's got to. be real it's got to. be good you know and uh we just focused. on making a difference and the same. thing now people just want connection. with the you know openness. it's so much [ __ ] they want to. connect they want to. connect they don't yeah so true. one of the i always say. you're one of the nicest okay. so i was i don't i think it. was was it i've maybe been into. five of these types of things. in my life but like it. was a party at the what's the one. on m no not mre on it. was like a a gq party or something. at like i walked my whoever was like my manager. or whatever like do you want. somebody to go i'm like no. i don't want i'll just go yeah they're like okay. well you show up and dispers be there. whenever i had gone to. things like that before i glom on. to people i like and know so if i came to. it's because i'm like i need a friend. but also you were like you were like uh hey it was almost like you identified. me as like this like doing that. like what do i do. and you're like hey i don't know if you hear that. but you can hang out. with me and my wife. and it was like so cool. and i was like man. i think we had shat maral. what it was because it was that. whatever that was what that you. were there what was it it. was i've only been it felt. overwhelming to me is you came right. up to me and i was i was like oh this. is thank god this is awesome. i don't have to. just sit around my hands my pockets. um i'd forgotten about that. that's true yes so we hung out. of the table and got you ever. gone to that stuff with him. it's it's not those things in general. i am just sweating. the i like where's the where's the fur where's the exit. we went to. the premiere uh of the nun right. that show oh my god which is like the ninth. install of the whatever those movies are yeah it was they're they're all bad and they keep making them and and and and like we went to. the premiere so they're like take pictures. and stuff and we're there and 10 10. minutes 10 minutes in the movie. we're like this is okay. well we'll just stick it. out you know and then like 30 minutes. and and and i'm like this is really bad. huh and he's like yeah. and i was like what do. we do and he's like let's just leave it's hard. to do that hard you know. the director's there and [ __ ] and if you're not way in the back run. me in the back um all right. so uh well so we have this. show which is uh actually it's very cool. to have you here because i'm now. now outnumbered i'm he's smart. you guys are smart. and i am not okay. we'll see about that we'll see. about that but you will. definitely see that how how not. i am but um i know some genetic. sharing here there got to. be some some good jeans. in there some shedding on. what kind of smart would. you say i'm you i street. smart know people people have a different. definition of what street smart. means is what i've yeah. i've learned i'm not like i don't know. dr you know what's up. with people you can read people. well you know what's going on. you're super qui quick is kind of smart. no offense you don't know. like no offense whatever. he's going to say. next very myter no offense. you don't know things you know. how things work no. at all start you have a difference in your educational. history cuz usually that's what that. is i mean i went to. school he did yeah and did not that's usually what that. is that is it that sucks. though that sucks that if you can read you can read and watch podcast. now watch youtube worry aboutmore and that is crazy. what about though the other day. sometimes when i know something. like he taught me that. there weren't that many people in green. bay there's only 100,000 people. that's a population in green. bay and he told me. that and then the next week. i saw him i told him. that and he was like i told you that. like [ __ ] that's all i have that's i do that stuff all the time. so don't feel bad um so this. this is we're like we're going. to have a show where people send. in videos and give advice. and we'll give advice to. them and we know that often with your advice. it's real advice a lot. of times with our show it's hey how do i like what. shoes do i get or some [ __ ] i mean people need information i know i know i know so try to. use you can use your you. know your doctoress to down basically like yeah. yeah that's the right word. doess all right so so let's go. let's start yeah want to. start one we'll see i love. it hey matt hey chris uh my name is dana. and i am in need of some serious. advices so my husband and i have been living in a loveless emotionless intimate. sealess relationship for the past like hold on stop it. for a second uh so this is uh an actual question. i see so far glorious good job. good job good job um so i finally asked for a divorce. and he said cool. that's fine didn't even like try. to fight for it. but um how soon is too soon. to move on after divorce. oh uh especially if you already knew. the person so my best. friend from when i was 15. he never gave up on. us being together one. day and he's had girlfriends and like serious. relationships and uh i obv was married. but we both like went through. school and got our career started. and we're both financially stable. and now that we've reconnected it's like all. of the best parts of when we were kids. and then on top. of it all the best. parts of having life experience behind us. um him and i both just like were like why. are we wasting any more. time now that we've already done. all of the bad things and just want to. live good lives so is it. too soon for us. to like move in together. try to have kids and um try. back you know get married. or but i really do love. him um just wondering because i went to. the doctor and they're like hey you're 30. you need to. freeze your eggs and i'm like. but i'm 30 so i don't know anyways. uh love the pie. um chris i'm the one who gets you in the divorce. but thank you for meeting. us uh this is the last time. you'll see us together. it's all very sad that. is sad i hate when people break. she doesn't seem sad. about it at all. but it is but you got to. cover it up you know you got to. cover it up in a video. she really doesn't care though. she doesn't care she's been. out for a while off and she started crying. dude i i don't here's the thing. man you're going to. lose a friend you're going to. lose your a friend yeah well that is a train wreck test. it out with other people first. oh i see what you're saying. yeah you don't you don't. break up and then jump right. to your best friend. that or the guy. that you knew i think about that. you're going to hate that. person then cuz this is a rebound rebounds. are real the thing about it. that's stuck in my mind though. is that if they've been dead. inside with each other for so. long the couple yeah the existing. couple that she's getting a divorce. from when she she said she asked. for a divorce and he said cool. like that is not a thriving says to. me yeah says to. me that they should be separated. and should have been sep a while ago. but it also says to. me that she has a bad picker. yeah and she has trouble with intimacy. right m you don't get over. those things with one bad. relationship yeah oh you got to. work on yourself huh. well that's the thing that that's the hardest. jump in my mind you might want to. give yourself some time to. figure out yourself which what chris. saying too just don't jump. right into things. right yeah yeah that's so hard. though i'm so codependent. and i'm like so i'm so i have intimacy. problem the days that you've been single on both. of your hands no no. no no that's not true. i i went a year. once a whole year you did. yeah yeah yeah i don't know. where i was a whole. year i i think it that was a weird. year but see but yeah no it's uh yeah i've been well now i've been with christen for seven. years but uh it's um yeah i i'm too codependent. if if if she left me i'd have to. find someone immediately well. you're like her then yeah but that but that's a little different. though it's because you would feel so distressed by with your marriage. and it would feel so painful. i could like e i would. be a fat i would just like i'll just be a fat. guy [ __ ] it like i can't to. i want i need immediate satisfaction. i'm so [ __ ] i am so [ __ ] and i've never done drugs i know you deal with ad. you know add could that's that. quality this might be it and i start. i make note if you leave she's threatening. you now so i get one i get i go. zero miles per hour or 100. miles per hour i've never done. drugs i would immediately start doing whatever. the hard most hard the new thing. is that's not even out. yet really that the guys have it. on the street for this. he's never even had a sip. of alcohol for real i've never had a sip alcohol. because you've been afraid you have this. thing yeah and i and i do i'm for sure. an ad good stay that. way be careful what's what. is this be what what no. there's some new stuff. they're mixing it with the fat. nail that's god makes it. go a little longer oh my god but they never like they never it's always evolving. yes right of course well it. i i mean the a drug addict will. always go for better longer. cheaper higher more intense. they they always will do that. it's the it's the market makers the pharmaceutical companies and the drug dealers that try. to come up with better. and better products and unfortunately the you know. pharmaceutical companies have been in the game. you watch that uh what is it. on netflix peterg did. it what was yeah i lived. through the whole thing look it. was it wasn't just the drug. company it was my profession. to was the playbook. that is the same which is evangelical. physicians get picked up by. drug companies to go. evangelize they can control the regulators the regulators start. putting demands on the physicians to. do the things that end up where we know. they end up co was. that playbook op crisis. opiate epidemic was that playbook same playbook. every time scary it's just and the regulators the one. that do the real damage. because once you've got the joint commission and the the state medical. societies and the professional societies and the insurance. companies and the va all saying you must do. this you're screwed you're done. anyway so back to. our friend yes so uh i would like to. know how long that marriage. went for and i'd like to. know how long she's been out. uh because this it's relevant. i mean it's now she said. she's 30 so it can't. be too long the issue. with the eggs yes unfortunately that's it's a real. thing i mean i it. by the way if you deal. with if you freeze the eggs. and women should take control. of their reproductive uh potential because you can do that. now it's not that expensive. so she should do that it'll give her. more freedom to spend a little time. figure out who she is. and dating with other people and sort of trying. you got you got to. do that you got to. find out who you are with. other people and especially if you've had a bad. picker and she needs to. figure out what's wrong. with her picker was dad you know. neglectful abandoning has to. do with often times and does she need some therapy yes or no or can she can she find some good. relationships and when she does can she tolerate the intimacy. is the other thing that people who form. these kinds of relationships. when they actually do find somebody they sabotage it. yeah can't quite tolerate it so she got work. to do it it she looks lovely. and she looks like she's got does. have her [ __ ] together but yeah might want to. look into a little bit just a little bit. i i don't want my answer. in every call to. be oh get a therapist sounds i i also tell people you know. if you have a bad picker. this is something you'll hear me. say over and over again. which is it means if you keep picking. bad people correct if that's your pattern then. it's something in you it's not. everybody else uh and if you can't tolerate intimacy. at the same time then we got a real problem. here but you know the the kind of person. you're going to go. for is going to be exactly. that same person again because your body is a perfect instrument of attraction. you're attracted to. certain kind of people [ __ ] up i don't want to. believe that that's one of those. things that i want to. say well you can get over. it you can get over. it it takes so much work though. dude well i don't mean that kind of work. even you can we what we tell people. is you can you can go for butterflies. rather than lightning bolts cuz that those persons. that like they go for the lightning bolt and when i tell them. they well how am i going. to be i won't be attracted no. no you can be attracted. you can be light lightning bolts. just not that oh i got to. be with that guy because if you're if it's that. then you know it's going to. be the same thing that's a drug. addict that's basically a it's codependency i'm. [ __ ] in the same zone. my wife and i tried to. read a book about codependency and i i wouldn't even do it. if unless she did that's the thing. that's that is funny yeah. actually that's a that's like a [ __ ] that's uh but yeah so i just oh man i learned so cuz i went to. i went to. rehab at for uh sex addiction. and man it was it. was it the stuff that you learn. the stuff they tell you all. this stuff it's absolutely intense. it's it's so it's it's the same. very similar stuff as drug. addiction same kind of process in most. situations it's more getting. through some of the defenses you know which is the hard. painful part yeah and and it's and it is. tender ter you got walk. through it really is and and then and then this is the part. that people seem confused about. that i am not which is um you you. have to make amends. and you have to. let people rebuild their lives and be okay. it's like it's like i'm that's my whole. thing is forgiveness and and letting people rebuilt. their lives and people in drug addiction. i've people done horrible stuff. yeah and i you know. if they do such horrible thing. that the law gets involved. it's like well okay that's that's part. of your making amends. which is cleaning up your side. of the street and then after that you welcome. to my line you i welcome. you all and everybody should do that. as long as the recover. is under you know still. gone i feel like it'. almost be easier to. just like buy a hat. and mustache and be like i don't know you know. be different person it's not chris. anymore that be easier i'll tell you one. thing it's not chris i don't know. who it it is easier. it is easier but it's not. real i know i know but then just be nuts. but then you wake up. and you think i really am chris. though i'm not this guy with the mustache. and you know i guess you wasted. a bunch of years. i like different food. i watch different stuff on. a telly you know. yeah well yeah i get it. yeah but then you become russell brand. all of a sudden careful. so all right um so all right. so yeah i would say so well we gave. her good advice i think we sort of you. know it's we're worried about her. she needs to be cautious. we worried about her jumping right. into this thing by. the way the uh jumping into. the best friend that you picked up on which is again. that thing of fixing you. know and it's like feels oh this. is going to be good fix it. maybe be uncomfortable for a little while that's what [ __ ] therapists. always say dude. the tru it's the wor. got sit it's also when people go. to about the therapist they go. oh i love her i feel so great. when i leave like no no. good no good i i when people say. like don't you just love. therapy i'm like what are you talking. about in there talking about there. way you feel good because you just laugh. say you're not doing it. right you [ __ ] love it so much um i hate sitting in it and you got to. sit in it but yeah it's anyway. yes sir um all right well yeah do another one. good good times gia brothers. great angle first time. long time got an issue that. i could use some advice. on my girlfriend of three. years calls me entirely. too much oh 15. 20 times a day what [ __ ] these aren't phone calls she's facetiming me oh no yeah while i'm at work while i'm driving you know playing video games so i don't know what to. do i just start singing. or making annoying noises to. encourage her to. get off the phone w. but that's not sustainable i need some advice. it would be greatly appreciated. thank you i swear to. that guy you wouldn't think that guy. plays video games but um s of love. this guy i guys shirt. with a pumpkin face stabbing. his eye so uh okay on the tshirt. yeah i guess i don't that. i'll say right now that sounds like the most annoying. thing a partner could possibly. do 15 to. 20 times a day facetime remember the someone you live with remember the he lives with her yeah they're get i mean like what remember the love potion number nine movie where she had to. keep or he had to. keep calling her to. make sure he she voice. i think about that movie. entirely too much we must seen. it together in the theater. yeah you have to. keep calling him and make sure he's hey how's it. going and then she falls in love with him. again every every like hour. or something yeah and the closeup on his lips. yeah yeah anyway the why do you think of that. film so much i don't know you know. why i think i do because it was appropriate. for this moment i'm wondering. why he's ruminating i think i think i think about it. because it left. such an impression on me. at that age how old were you. 14 no i was a little bit younger. and it was starting to. like girls and i was like there's the idea that. there's a way to. make all of them like me. was so exciting to. me you know and i was like i really sat. up in my seat and i was like this. is a deep insight into. the male very much yeah. so 10 she's laugh your wife. laughs that 10 to. 14 window for males it's. not the same window for. all men but that window is. like weird stuff is going. on their brain actually have a question that's so funny. you say that cu going. end in chris you can. go i'm going to. be crying but but my memories. when i think about the things i remember throughout the course of my life. yeah most of my good. memories are in that like the clear. memories are in that window. like i felt more intense. are more intense. yeah it's cuz your hormones are turning. on and your frontal lobe. is kind of kicky in so you have and your hippocampus is better. formed so you have more memory but really there's an intensity. of that period yeah. and i've notice that again. this is males of course women. have their own version of that. but but i only my know more about the males having lived it. myself is that things make like they imprint on your brain. like things images you see stay and they become preferences and you like those things and and you don't even you you sort of like them at the time. but they just stay with you. preferences it's weird it's weird. in that and it worries. me now when they're so exposed to. pornography what what are the preferences. what are they going. to like and what are they going. to be exposed it's so random. almost whatever you click on it. jumps up in front of your face. and you have no choice. once you've clicked it's like that's going. to be the thing that might get imprinted. or it's some other screw ball. friend of yours you're 12. [ __ ] now i'm going to. have to have on me. when i'm older dude. i i i but one of the examples. they used though in the rehab. was like may you know if somebody likes to. to get peed on maybe it's because they saw a woman peeing. in the shower when they were younger. and i'm like oh this. is that's so [ __ ] up it's just so the randomness for me. is what is what well. it's also and if your brain. if it's at a traumatic. time or if it's coupled. with some sort of traumatic. experience then it's in then it's now. in it's a thing wow. but some people would argue that some of these images. are traumatic so it's there. it is you're done yeah. gosh yeah i wasn't even. thinking about i was playing a video game. uh oh i don't play video. games unlike this guy but i was playing it. and i was shooting someone and my son. saw it and he was like two and a half. and i'm i didn't even think about it. i'm like oh wait this. is they look real. now video games so i'm like this. is not right so it's it's a very i know we're both all. troubled troubling there's no real easy solution. i've been thinking a lot lately. about the impact of technology. i we've had like a leap forward. i don't think our brain. we're struggling with it i i i found myself. obsessing about the printing press. like oh and that got 150. years of wars because of that. it's like this is like such massive. disruptors the printing press the internet. they're so similar and god knows what's going. to happen at least. it'll be if it goes down. but anyway let's help. this i love this. guy yeah this guy's great. this guy's great um it's weird. to me for that age. group especially because they don't call. yeah that's true they get pissed. when you call they text. that that's the weirdest thing. i was like well if she's if he's if she's calling him 15. and 20 times how many times is she texting. him but some people don't text. but then it's like facetime. is the wor i hate facetime. because not only do you have to. talk but you have to. also hold it so your arms tired. and you're engaged and it's like dude. it's you can't away like a normal. phone call can't pretend to. listen yeah exactly can't do this. anyway um so what does he do. so i think i guess. he could ask her to. text he could do that and see. if he could dial it down from there. i yeah i was thinking almost ask. if you want to. have this i was going. to call it a confrontation. but it doesn't have to. be like ask her why. just of curiosity like why are you. calling me why so much is is it. are you okay yeah are you okay. you worried about me like or something. cuz it could be that couch and i love talking to. you i love connecting. with you but sometimes i i can't. get through my day you know. no big deal it's going. to be be reaction be able. to do that lightly brooch it is. what i would say i think you know. how i love talking to. you so much let's start. there don't don't say it the way. chris says it you know. what you should do is talk. for days about how much you love talking to. hery to kill it. and then and and then like seven days in be like how come you call. me 15 times though right. yes exactly diabolical yeah yeah diabol and then when she says oh you don't want me. to talk hello were you you. the past seven days. you having the same conversations. i have you don't listen. you never listen to. me but then it could be something. like i i need i need to. focus when and then i'm trying to. get my day and i i don't feel like i'm focusing when you call. them maybe we should set maybe structure it. certain times you know. see now we're talking my wife. loves structure you know she wants. me to get a journal. in like a l like a l. make lists dude i haven't you don't like list. you don't do list no way. i get the one i get the one i get the one technically i mean. it's not a list technically three is. a list one is just something i didn't do. yet right right right for a long. time i i i i i didn't make my colin osa be port. yeah i had to i let's go. together you got to. go again now i'm sure we go to. the same maybe maybe i didn't do. it yet oh it's over. and pastina behind the i'm. sure the same place. let's go together go. together cool go together. i have to go. every year because i have a yeah. cuz i have this thing this. predisposition for year every year i i stretched out. like 18 months every year. cuz it's like but get the propop fall what's that. it's it just lights. out oh yeah i will i will for sure. that n i'm going to. go natural oh i've done. that before too really. yeah w is it a little i've heard it. i've never done it. is it a little little easier. now than it the cameras that go in and they have to. develop the film in there. right exactly one hour photo. though put it took more than an hour. yeah 24hour photo so um so so what are you asking. uh is i i've heard that. it's a little less like invasive. now not true but but they've got better. at the anesthesia because. they used to. they used to. also check your mouth at the same. time too right. yeah from your [ __ ] get his mouth. um just keep going keep going. but by the way i do i do both at the same. time i do the up. there you go it's like the uh what's that. centipede movie human centipede. yeah so wait uh i got to. do i got to. do uh i got to. do i got to. do that i got to. do that y we go. together i got to. set it up too maybe. in june it's what sort of time. june okay jun jun june would be great's a good. time um for that all right. yeah i i think that that's good. that's the best we do. by the way if if that's the best thing. that comes out of this. podcast is that i finally scheduled my colonoscopy appointment. and i go with you amazing. i feel likeing better than the. outcome of most episodes. that's actually almost a reality. show if we had two other guys. i i get two other celeb. we go can just came and bring a little camera. i think we're on to. something here actually sounds like jackass maybe but anyway but it'. be interesting because i i really do i want. people to get these this. test i mean you know. what i mean yes you need to. do that psa i mean men should not. be getting colon cancer and women. women nei and men should might should be at least. if they get prostate cancer they should be on top. of it yeah cuz it's curable if you find that. early it's like everything's good early well. at least those two for sure. i got to i got to. pe i'm also peeing. more i should check my prostate oh. whatever all right discovered you. let me'll go uh all right. next one next one chris getting everything. checked out up chris what. up matt i'm garrett and i'm haley just wanted. to start off by saying that. i literally never listened to. podcasts and now the only podcast i listen. to is like line well and the private. record hey and ask ask of course so our question is we find so we're married. we find that whenever we're going. out and hanging out with our other friends that are couples whether they're dating or married. they always will talk bad about their significant others. they'll be we'll be at a dinner. table with a bunch of friends. i'll be with a bunch of my guy. friends and they'll be complaining about about what the annoying. stuff that their wives. do or something like that. yeah and we always feel like we have. nothing to add to. that can that's awesome. yeah we don't really fight. argue that much i know s braggadocious but uh it's true. we don't really fight. that much um and we just feel like are we the weird. ones or are we better. than everyone else now she's talking my language. i like this are we are we are we better. are we weird are we both. both or maybe healthy balance. both should we just rub in everyone's face. that we better you are. by being on this [ __ ] show they timate rub in complain about the other person. yeah yeah i don't know. what do you i think we're better. than everyone we're also super humble. yeah yeah i want to. know how you get your viewers and listeners. to send such high quality. videos in i think that. uh we you like send instru. we have chris m go over. and film them all you go. get i don't know that. was that was a particularly. good one that they that. they set up a good angle. and everything it's true. actually both those last secrets. after the show yeah yeah yeah okay so you actually. send them instructions i bet. you know people follow. instructions too yeah can you imagine okay. so anyway what do we do with these both. of those people are alig but uh are let let me dressed up let me let me just make sure. i got it were they saying that. when they go out with other couples one. member of the couple will start talking [ __ ] about the other one what they were saying is when they go out with other couples yes but so it's not like the guys are hanging out together and they he has to. hear about somebody's wife and yeah. no it is that it's when they're all. hanging out the guys separate. and the girls separate and then guys are like my wife. is this women are like fire. though that's crazy to. do that but that's really common. though i i common it's so. common i don't do it. i don't ever do that. because i don't [ __ ] trust anybody yeah well that's a number one. yeah i'm not trust in any of these. [ __ ] he go home and just mentioned to. the wife dude. i listen to. way too much tupac to. be trusting [ __ ] with so and then uh and also i feel i feel like uh i say the thing to. the person i yes all the time. i sometimes too much. right yeah you know. estblished that but but can work on that. but yeah he's working on it. but there there it's one thing. to kind of blow off. steam or people and it depends what you're talking. about too right but if you're really talking somebody or you're really. complaining or it's a recurrent thing. like pull the guy aside go are you okay. all right so it's not that. they're that abnormal i mean. i want that for everybody. and most people could should have something like what. these two have it's more the other ones. that i think should be think thought of as outlier. you do have to. blow off some steam though. you you have to. you have to. have that sh humor is. usually in it though. right usually it's like man. look look how they and and they're doing. the same thing about us. and they should be yeah women. talk a lot but yeah well but it's it's more. in the order of with stuff. we were just talking about can. you imagine how women's minds. work's minds work these these quirky things. that we notice in each other. we like i can't talk to. her about it i can talk. to chris brother. about are those couples that truly neg. each other though in front of everybody. and that that's terrible. i cannot handle i can't. either i like can't even be around. that [ __ ] anymore it's so upsetting. like what do you guys. do when you're alone. that happened to. me one time with an ex. and i just was like all. right that's it i i can't how can she started. doing yeah she did it. she did it because people do it. they will do it as a um it's really. it's kind of abusive right. because because they'll use the room. against you you know trying to. list other people and it's a splitting. behavior i'm i'm a i'm a comedian. so i felt plenty weird. uh in front of people. and that just was like who i for can't. remember what she said i remember. god it was it was just it. was like oh dude. i'll die today i'll just die. yeah yeah yeah yeah that's a shame. yeah i feel bad for you. so anyway uh yeah um but good for you. guys though you got nothing. that terrible to. add to the the pot. style issues but yeah style issues. aside i don't yeah that's that. they seem awwesome yeah. they seem very pleasing. with each other and happy that's inred. that's crazy my whole rule. is if you're going to. talk [ __ ] about somebody you should you should say you should feel comfortable with i think i would say this to. them as well well not only that if you're if you're going. to talk a [ __ ] about someone it should be really just to. maybe to sound it out like am. i is it me or is. and then go back to. the person you're concerned about. am i crazy is my wife. a raging [ __ ] like that like that. what you mean you guys. been feeling that as well. or is that just a me thing every time. we come to. islands all right um so do people. around the country know what is is but that mak better. all right island is a really terrible. h hg yeah yeah i used. to like it when i was it's not that. good though left an imprint when i was 12. it's one of those places. you go so much it's a place. your family takes you when you're 12. that's very it is 100%. and it's one of those places. where you go and you go so much and then one day you're just like why. have i not realized that. this isn't that [ __ ] good and then you never go again. one the mall in pasadena yes there's also one in glendale. that we would go to. time i don't like any restaurants. that have like fake like birds. and plants and [ __ ] though that that. that's like a thing that that. like you used to. be more of a thing though. when there was like rainforest. rainforest dude my my wife made us. go to rainfor cafe in vegas in vegas in vegas. we walked all the way. to rain we did see this. is a perfect example what you should be. talking to your guy. friends about exactly exactly she here. right now she knows is it. me is it should i be i don't like we got get louder. cuz the storm happens they you know. they make the storm it goes you. know what the monkeys are [ __ ] doing the thing. yeah am i cra is my wife. a [ __ ] that should be a thing over the storm yeah all right um no yeah all right okay so next all right more okay i need your help. okay i have a small tattoo on. left side of my hip that i got like 10. years ago it's a latin. phrase oh boy three words no. never and over the years. it just is bad it's smudged out. it just looks like oh nothing. like it's just like black smudgy words. what did it say matter. i always say i want to. get it covered up. or removed if i can't think of anything. and i just don't what to. get i don't have any ideas. um oh cover it up. i that's the only tattoo i have and unfortunately it's the one. i'm stuck with so uh any help. would any advice would help. i'm gonna post it right. here so you can see it. go oh yeah it's so tiny. see it it's i don't know what it. says it says all all lives matter. but i i that's that'd be funny. though if you got if you if you literally thought like you know i'm going to. get something because all lives do matter. and then like a decade. later it means something that it means like basically say i'm in the kkk. um is it covered. up i'm in the kkk. that's what it say i'm. in the kk yeah yeah got you whatever. it is it's all right. we're going see speak but we have a question. though first uh which is there. we have to decision. here cover up or removal that. is the decision if it's that. small and you and you don't want it. and you don't want any other tattoos absolutely. remove it it's that. small complely agree it's so easy it's so easy. if it's that when it's that small. yeah if she had tattoos all over the place. who but if their only tattoo let's let's go. back to the way nature. made it yeah just get rid of it. it's also in a place. that maybe won't hurt. that bad is there any world. we we encourage her to. leave it i i here's what i think don't ever. get a tattoo in another language. it's so chinese ridiculous that. one's the most ridiculous. i mean that's the most ridiculous it. was such a trend guy. that in santa barbara. when was that when it was everybody. getting like those 1990 2020. i think it still happen. still well like people still get the people. still get the tribal [ __ ] like that's what i can't. believe i get tatto. i think if there were tattoos around. i'm a screw ball. enough that if there were tattoos when i was like 19. i think i would have got a tribal tattoo trial. mess up my brain. was at 19 just across his. chest i just feel like uh get if you're going. to get a tattoo and it's going. to be words definitely do it. in your language that's crazy. but um i don't know what it. says we don't speak latin. even if we could see it. but um we could we have this. we have this we can look. it up right you're right. um i wonder you look it. up is it so smud. that you can't even see it. yeah i kind of could read. vital or something at the end. oh um yeah i i'd say there. we go pause it and then see if you can. get it and and just google. it anthony golate anthony no it's all. right yeah we don't waste the show. on this it's whole show. on this we got to. r anthony at least once. every episode come on man. you can do better he's still. covering it he's still doing it. dude anthony's terrible even dr getting. in on the a new tech. guy yeah anthony you hear that. new producer yeah that's the only tattoo i have and unfortunately it's the you know. you had to get people to. tell you also where they're from. i i always go where curious. about that there we go. there it is what's that. say okay what's that say. it's so faded is. it so tourists what the hell doesn't look. like latin it doesn't it. doesn't if is latin it might made up yeah. yeah yeah it's not l. at all well see if you guys. can figure it out they're all. the the team is working our all right. whatever you find it out. then um next show send it in the the go. get a it'll it'll be cheap. it won't be expensive. it'll look great there'll be. nothing left behind they'll vaporize it. that'll be the end of that. test you never have to. think about it again. yeah exactly great all right. yeah we figured that one. out next one next one by cheap i don't mean. i mean like getting a picture remote is. very expensive be not that. colors and everything yeah yeah my question is right what is the meaning of life to. you oh on curious what you think about that. wear your shirt that is is he has no pants. on i'm not going to. show it it's a hooter shirt. uh i went once just to. see um meaning of life. was not an uters i will say smoke. i am smoking a cigarette. i don't think that's the meaning. of life it's probably bad you don't have to. say that every single thing. um you're done is or isn't the meaning. of life what's up. that's a good question. that's the wrong order of things. tell you he did that in all the wrong. i just like though again. you worry about the male brain. go into hooters to. find the meaning of life. it is don't worry i know. what you're thinking it's not. the meaning of life um so i know. you all think it's there. i i checked for us. so dude here's the deal. i love i like that. you ed you have you gave us that question. because to me. questions like that are the worst. questions in the world okay like that. when you when you say like that. you mean it means absolutely. nothing what's the meaning of life. it doesn't mean anything. well what what what does that mean. okay you know what what does. it mean be i i would argue that most people. in this country are confused. about these things and this guy's no. exception yes yes and really what they're asking is. one of two things yeah. and one of them they use a word. that they know what that. means so what is happiness. they really but they don't know what. that means right or how do you lead. a good life and those are two. viable questions but the happiness. part i would zero in. on and say you don't mean euphoria because because heron addicts. are happy get their first hit. no no no but mean some how do you get a more. nourishing meaningful thing which starts to. bleed back over to how do you lead. a good life yeah and so what what do. you think well you know. what that made me think of is. one time i was in i i used to. open for this comedian jokoy. and uh i before you say. something shitty about him. i know joy very well. no no friends um i figured you knew. him but uh he um we were in miami. i was opening for him and it uh we had a weekend. in miami where and i i brought my i had my first. i had been married. previously so my first wife was was with me. and we made a a time out of it. in miami and then after that i had not been to. miami until uh years later when i was headlining and uh i had an opener and i had worked so hard in my career to. get where i was that. part of the thing that made us. divorce was my job yeah and i was walking. down the street of miami. with my opener and i look up. and i see the hotel that i stayed at with my my exwife. with with when you're doing joe. when i was with joe yeah. and i and i'm here now. i just happen to. walk by it back years. later yeah and i look up and i say whoa. i'm actually at the hotel. i stayed at with the thing. i tell my opener about the thing and he says oh and he says was it. worth it o wow yeah that's an interesting. way of framing the question. yeah yeah just right away. straight in he asked. that yeah no he just said huh. when we sat there for a little bit he was like do. you think it was worth. it because you know he wants. to be a comedian. too and he was opening. and he was like you know do i make this. my do i you know. blinders on just the career. and the answer i came up. with was it was a little bit worth. it yeah it was a little bit worth. you don't you know happiness. is a weird thing because yeah you think you. you you drive a better. car you're going to. be happy you think you get more things. you're going to be happy. that's that has nothing not. nothing no no no it makes you more. comfortable it makes you right. it makes it gives you the opportunity. to not worry about i'm going. to get food and my car. payment stuff so that's a kind of access happiness a little exactly. but it's not what makes you happy. and it's really wild. and i spent time thought thinking about this. and i don't know if happiness. is the meaning of life. but i know what makes me. happy right like like my family. being with my family makes me. very happy everyone always goes. to another way of looking at this. is when people are at the end. of their lives how do they look. at and they always same. thing relationships it's true. always always always and and there are sacrifices that you can. make together even as a relationship. to gain more security right. and then you can enjoy yourselves. together with a little more freedom. i think freedom is one. of the things you get from. from some yes uh and so yeah relationships. and then service which we kind of talked about making a difference. for other people which you guys. want to do here. sometimes i feel a little bad though. honestly about like cuz like you know my job. i obvious you're making people. laugh and that people don't performing. is is you're giving people something yeah. you are and laughter. especially i i i think sometimes. when when i don't go when i don't laugh. for a while i kind of like notice. it like i my immune. system is working as well. so it's it's you do provide. something you guys really do okay. i think performers believe you. though as a perform i'll accept. it i don't believe you to. be to feel that. you're really not doing much. of anything to. be like well all i do is this. that or the other yeah but but then also you get paid. for it but i guess. you get paid for being a doctor too. paid for everything yeah. yeah i mean okay actually just that. me feel bad well it's it's weird. it's maybe it's a weird. time in comedy because it's it's been a little more. of a rockstar yeah really weird. was that's new that i'm sure. when you went in you didn't know that. was yeah that's kind of a new. aspect to it and that. has its own kind of momentum to. it and preoccupation as a matter. of fact when i started staying up. i i would i remember thinking like how come you can't. be cool too and now that's like every comedian. is like yeah definitely i'm the coolest. guy you ever seen sold out. which is not cool yeah. yeah so it's already gone. over the other so anyway um but it's interesting. it is i i've always thought that performers. didn't get enough credit for for cuz they have to. do focus so much on their career. and their performing and the next job. and stuff they don't get enough. credit for what they're giving to. people interesting yeah cuz you're really give whether it's a singer. or a perform you're giving people something they have an experience the compartmentalization you have to. use sometimes is crazy. i mean you for so you're on sometimes. so like when you're going through. [ __ ] and you're like then you got to. go out and do your thing. is that's the hardest part. for me any even just doing this. if i'm having a [ __ ] day it's it's just hard to. like put it aside and be like i'm all right. let's go it's not. to talk about yeah yeah my video is next all. right uh next one hey christen matt. josh here i have um a corporate job. um and i'm allocated a certain amount of hours. for vacation during the year. um and i just received an email. from my manager saying that. christmas eve is already booked up. the day after thanksgiving is already. booked up and i have about 60. hours of vacation time. myself oh so he in mind. you it's only february and i've asked why. it's because we need to. have a certain amount of people. available but i've earned those. hours it just really doesn't make sense. to me it makes me. so mad that sucks do. i keep buggy my manager. do i go above my manager. that doesn't seem right get also we were both. born on march 29th oh nice that's cool. uh so he he's accumulated a buch of time. they they so you know how they make you take a vacation. right uh people already people that work with him. already picked the days got of so like he can't take the day. after thanksgiving or the christmas. eve because other people in january. 2nd like the those i hate people like that. see i i know not only hate people. like that i hate managers that. don't pay attention to. that stuff i had to. manage a schedule like that. for physicians at one. point it was hard. it's hard by the way to. do that kind but you have to. really sit and get the scales of justice out and start balancing. these things this guy didn't do that. he just did whatever. i would say like actually managing. physicians oh was terrible. it was the worst that's got to. be it's the worst cuz look if i'm honest. comedians are crazy. doctors a lot of them have to. be [ __ ] crazy but intense. they're intense that's it. that's it they're intense. and everybody's an expert and everyone's an exception. and everybody thinks they should be whatever and they're not. wrong right you're actually dealing with that. group and it's it was tough that makes sense. it i lose my mind. w that what makes sense about that. too even more with doctors is is. that you want your doctor to. be sure as hell so it's it's like it. fosters this even the patients. what do you think tell me. what's going on i want. you to be certain you're sure. i should take two of these and call you in the morning. exactly yeah look at my mouth. from my [ __ ] is is that what we establish you um yeah that's uh that's uh i i don't that's sucks dude yeah i think he should go to. the manager yeah i think he has to. go he's got to. go just go he's going. to have trouble at least. at first you have to. go to go right. to biden but maybe go to. him as like but you got to. get he's got to get over. his upset if he goes in with a head of steam it's not going. to go well that's good see that's something that i would that's great. i would never think of that. oh yeah and then he's got to. say what happened this. seems there i'm going. to teach you guys. something very important. which is there there is we live in a world. uh by the way i've been like really behind what. dr phil has been doing lately. one of the things that used to. bother me he he'd do all. this confronting on tv. right and people assumed was. he was doing treatment. he was not he was doing television. and his confront confrontations were. good television and i admired that. he could do television. he used to. bother me that people would think that's treat me. you should be confronting people. you confront somebody all the forest. fields go up lose everything. you cannot go get anywhere. with confrontation unless they're doing something dangerous. or something you have to. do with force and then you better. have more people with you because you got to. make it stop now the thing. you use is something called. wonderment so you go a lot of lot of i what how could that a lot. of questioning like and starting. with the word wonder i wonder how that happened. it seems so unfair. i wonder what happened. here i have all these things you know. i wonder wonder wonder wonder especially when you know. the answer it's good. stay in wonderment right. yeah okay and then and then saying go into. this guy and go this. we're we're we're not in march. it's already done what could. have happened i'm wondering what this. is i have 60 days of stuff. ahead of me and how did this happen. or i don't certainly don't. want it to. happen again seems so unfair. and let that dud let him. think about it you have to. use it a little sparingly. though you can't be like with your wife. like i wonder why this. food tastes like [ __ ] you sp. day on it you can find a way. you can do it go i wonder. i wonder if um i wonder if somebody put did i i wonder. if i put too much. salt in there we go. got wonder more put put more wonder on yourself. there you go god b you were you. know what you've been working on this. roast i i swear it's been since yesterday. you left the meat out and then you made the things. i wonder why it. tastes like utter [ __ ] just to. be clear i actually do love. everything you make so said it i said it. and you know what my wife's. a good cook and there. was like and then somebody was saying uh on my on another. podcast they were like nah. how good could she be she's white. but dude she kills it. yeah listen people forget european. heritage there's a lot. of good cuisine in european. heritage when last time. we went to. actually no one of the times we went. to london we tried. to get breakfast and it was we got like beans. and a tomato. and it was ex. the british ex british we have to. bring in w you think with how long that. that society's been around they figure out. breakfast they haven't done. it yet yeah crazy. bangers and eggs ter. yeah it's just like piece little piece. of toast slice r up. tomatoes and beans that's not breakfast that's stuff. in the cabinet when there's an earthquake. you know yeah yeah all right. that's good wonderman that's good. i never heard of that. therapeutic wonder theraputic wonder so when you're in therapy. it got used on you i promise. fu see god damn it. because part of it is part. of it is knowing what's going on. and then don't reveal it i wonder what that. was like i wonder what happened. here i'm having memories of that. being done on me. yeah yeah chris i'm wondering they got me. with the wonder wonder yeah that's okay. sounds like more videos more videos. i they're such high quality. my sophie i love you. guys my question is as like a 51. introverted girl i guess how can i i guess. assert my opinions stand up. for myself um kind of clap. back at people when they words. to me or like mumble. things under their breath. um i've had issues because i don't really intimidate people and i always regret. not doing it um anyway. i love you guys very much. and i go to. college near green bay very tiny. don't know how we have a big. sports team i really. like to have you but i can't. come because i'm too poor. a um he you ever been up. send her tickets get you have her. info right we'll get her tickets. to the show i'm gonna be in green. bay had you ever been up. to the original green. bay uh i've never been never i drove. by it once and i was like we're we are in the middle. of nowhere it's makes sense why they're football team. why they love them. so much cuz yeah the fanatics nothing. they come from all around. that's right yeah yeah uh so anyway so poor thing. yeah yeah i feel for you i think i think say. it well i was just thinking about because i have kind of a thought that. has a similar feeling behind. i was thinking about like myself. like when i had to. do stuff and and honestly. when i started stand up. it was one of those things. like how am i going. to get on stage and do this. i'm i don't want i'm it's goes. against everything i feel like i should be doing i know. i want to. be funny but um i remember thinking okay. i was at the show first real. show i was like just focus your legs. on taking a step one. step two and keep doing that. until you get on stage and when you're on stage. you have to. start talking so like i feel like if you break. it down that's good advice. in general for almost everything. just put one foot front the other i guess. that is what i'm saying. and put your feet on. the ground what you to. say yeah and and and and and the thing is it's usually. never as scary as you. think it's going to. be yeah whatever that is whatever. that thing is so get so do it. and then i mean i you know. how do i do it. you just have to. do it we have to. get good at it eventually. but but the only way to. get good at it is. to keep doing it. which sucks but um yeah but i'm fearful. that she is projecting something onto. people because right because you look at her. she's so sweet and tiny. stuff why would people have any issu why would they be saying around. saying something under your breath. around her why would you do that. unless she was doing something that motivated. that so her preoccupation with other people. she needs to look at that. also most people unfortunately don't care and they don't and that's almost more painful. for humans they don't that. they're not being seen and noticed and unfortunately being not seen. is much more common than being. seen for sure uh and and they unless you're doing something. to impinge on people in some way. they really don't care and if it's something. meaningful like like they i don't know. they're doing something or saying. something that you think is wrong. then then you you'll you'll find a you'll find more motivation. by the way to. stand up and do what's right. stand up and it's about connecting. to who you really are yeah. and defending it that's all. you don't have to. be aggressive she think she have to. be aggressive thing that stood out to. me as well you don't need to. be any just put your feet. on the ground and say what. you want to. say it's so much there's so much more fear it's kind of like what you're saying. in the anticipation of how the confrontation. might go than the actual. also that confrontation world. we live in where that's not. we shouldn't be confronting anybody about. anything we should be approaching. sharing questioning wonder whatever. uh you're not going to. get very far with confrontation. yeah that's definitely true. yeah yeah so there you go. i'm bumming you guys out it's good. no i i i just she was so sweet. like that's why struck me. it's like who is going. to that is weird. going to walk away. from her and say oh that. [ __ ] underest that person's obviously problem. that's got to be a projection. you're you're expecting that from people. for some reason you're not going to. get it expect better things. from people i think that's good that's good. yeah definitely expect expect them to. not be muttering things under their breath. negative things them to. like you she looks likable. why would very and if somebody doesn't like you it's about. them yeah yeah well that's true. all right good well. uh that's good thank you that. flew by jesus um 515 we did it. yeah um ask dr. drew the show you can get it. anywhere we've got our guest. thank you so much. for dr drew pinsky coming. by and celebrating the 100th episode i hope. this was a a sort of deserving. of 100 episode you so much. honor i love what you. guys are doing i love the i love the people. that you accumul you tell a lot. by the audience and their their engagement with you it's cool. i get to meet a lot. of them too when i'm out. like on the road yeah. they're like get the meet and greet. tickets [ __ ] podcasting is the best it's wild yeah it's wild it's wild to. have the connection with the people like that yeah it's so weird. i would have you get to. go see them you get to. meet with people and stuff in the house. but yeah i know that's i was wondering yeah. no i i i do i mean. his fans are legion and they have been forever. and it's very cool to. see but i feel like you guys have expanded beyond. just oh for sure fans. yeah definitely yeah yeah we have this a lot of people yeah. just they a lot of people come. up to me too. and say that they're they they like you tell your brother. and i got my my own. new solo podcast and it's interesting. because i never thought i would love it. the way that i do but i really do i don't i passion. wise it's like it takes up my whole cup. i don't need to. be doing anything else and i did. not expect that nice i did. not expect that yeah we're in a very interesting. moment in in crazy weird i guess communication media. i know it's call it. even yet uh but it's it's kind of special. it's kind of nice and the people responding. to it is just so so um honor. such honor to be yeah. true cool well thanks so much. like and subscribe and like and subscribe. to his stuff and um rumble. channel get my rumble channel. guys rumble rumble um yeah. appreciate you guys thanks thanks everybody. hello hello hello hello hello hello hello 