 [music] runk here we go. i will be in el paso. texas this week and albuquerque. new mexico and then i'm going. to be in canada. colona bc that may be sold. out i'm not sure vancouver sold out and then i added another one. so go to vancouver february 10th. chris dot com uh then i got rochester. kitner ontario sheveport louisiana houston texas corpus christie durham. north carolina and norfol virginia. i got a bunch of new dates. coming up soon too. uh let me uh check chris. le dot com and check it. out uh we and um you can also stream my special grow. or die at chia dot com. thank you very much for everything. and here we go. we are getting into. the next episode of [music]. congratulations conratulations dude let me let's see. let me let me get into. high octane podcast uh mode. with the magic mind. look at this little bit here. makes me feel cool doing it. like a shot glass cuz i don't drink. and um that's it yo uh i feel like um i don't know i was in i travel. so much dude i was in phoenix um i was there. i actually had a great time. let me just start off by. saying this by by talking about this. actually phoenix i i'm i want to. kind of move there. dude it's so awesome. the people are so cool yeah there's you know. i don't know there's bad versions. of people everywhere right. like in hollywood it's like or in la. it's like you know either. the dudes that are like two. too cool or too famous. or they'll stab you you. know and in phoenix it's like too. broy or you know. too hoy i don't know. i feel like you get i feel like there's a lot. of chyia in in phoenix but it's like if you're not getting. camid in phoenix it's probably. good just good it's hot. as [ __ ] that's how i like it i like it hot. um and it was raining the last two. times i went there which was odd. and they told me. it was odd but i went to. phoenix i did my show at celebrity. theater i performed too much. in phoenix i feel like i'. i go there all the time. and perform and it's so fun. um but we were able. to do the celebrity theater. brought out denny love. he said he had the best. set of his light life. that's the in the round. theater uh the the phoenix in phoenix is the celebrity. theater it's in the round. and i really like being in the round. because i like being i like when people are looking at my ass. too that doesn't happen. too much on a prenium stage. hey he's classically trained but um anyway uh he's not classically trained but uh he's a little trained he went to. nyu for a little bit until. got really pissed off. as at his speech at his speech um teacher. because he because his my contact fell out and i was looking for it. on the ground and she walked across it. purposely and tried to. stomp on it so i good boy. that made me mad um but we don't hold. grudges actually i was thinking about this. man people who hold grudges. and do revenge stuff are wild. i i was just watching this. thing on netflix this. guy was like i didn't finish it. i'll talk about it next. time but it this. guy was he was like doing something to. like exact revenge and i'm just like man. are you that kind of guy. are you that kind of person. that's like someone does something. to you i'mma get back. at him i'm really not and maybe i should be more. that guy you know. um but i just feel like it's so much. energy that you have to. you know maybe if it's like a little thing. you know a fun thing. but if it's like a a real [ __ ] over i just get too sad. about things and i don't ever want. to get like i should get more hardcore. i should become real i should start. dressing in suits honestly and just be a real vindictive. dude that's how i should start. doing it shave you know. what i mean slick back. hair cuz my hair looks ill. as [ __ ] when i slick back but it doesn't stay slick back. because you know it. gets real puffy after that. sucks and gel's not cool. unless you're in the 90s. or asian so um anyway i was in phoenix had a great. time dude i actually let's i went there. we stayed with uh my motherinlaw. i brought the whole. family out stayed with my motherinlaw. and uh they all came to. the show and and let man. something happened that i will never never forget. i will straight up never forget. in my life and it was such a beautiful. moment and i know this podcast is funny. and we try to. make it la you know. laugh or whatever i don't. know but this is just i have to. share this because it's so unbelievable. so i get out i do the show. crowd is phenomenal i have a great. it's all new material from grow. or die it has nothing to. do with grow or die. it's all new so this. is the first time i'm doing it. in a theater from front to. back and i'm like you know when i first came back and started. to do standup i had the grower die. set which was the don't push me. tour it's confusing but um i did. it i did phoenix first i did. the same theater first and uh so i'm now back. here doing my new material. and i haven't done it. really in a theater yet. so i do it it. goes really really well like i'm i i'm i'm having flashbacks. to the last time. i was in phoenix at the celebrity. theater anyway i had a great time. time i'm about to. get off stage and i look over. to my well i guess i look forward. cuz i just i i turned to. look because you can turn anywhere. because this is a full circle. stage so i turned to. look and i see my wife. holding calvin billy was asleep with you. know he was with my motherinlaw. she was babysitting and and she's holding. calvin and i i motion. to i'm like you guys. want to come out and i can and she goes. like this no i could tell calvin. didn't want to. come and it was really. loud he doesn't like loud. noises even on the way. out he like the plane's loud and i was like and and and chrystal was like well let me find your your headphones. i'm like no no no no don't find the headphones. let him deal with it. come on we got we can't. raise a someone who's soing. wet right let him. take your hands away. from your ears don't. be soing wet you know. so she was like oh okay you know because the other day. we had a a conversation about. how we didn't want to. raise two spping wets so um so so he doesn't want to. come out so that's okay. so i say good night. everybody and i and i go and i i i go walk over. calvin is in my wife's arms and he's going. like this like he's so happy. that i'm coming at back. and that he's doing my son. gets so excited that he starts. sounding like peter griffin it's not. i'm not even like he actually does. he's goes and he's doing like that. and then he jumps. into my arms like throwing caution to. the wind jumps into. my arms and it was like really adorable. and i go oh my god he holds. me so tight and i'm holding him so tight and i bring him. down to the ground. because um you know i'm going. to i want to. hug him but i want him. to be standing while i'm hugging him. and i'm hugging him and as i'm hugging him. it lasts for a while. you know they say never break. the hug first when your kid's hugging you. which i i just learned. that that's a new that's a tip. that's a life life hack i. heard is that you just you wait. until they break away because you want them. to know as much love. as they need right. so i'm like yes i'll store that in my pentium i dude. we're getting the dell and i'm uploading. that that first right. i'm into it like i'm so down. with a with a fact like that right. and um i put my son down. he and and and and the crowd's still cheering. you know and my son actually. grabs my shoulders push pulls me. away looks in my eyes he does. it with intent he. takes my shoulders pulls them. away from him and then looks into. my eyes and he says simply he says i love love. you and it was so unbelievable. dude it was so unbelievable. he just pulled me away. and said i love you he didn't. say dad he didn't say. you know what he didn't say. hey this that the other thing. he said three words and it was just i love. you and it was so sweet. and it was the first time. that i felt him proud of me. you know what i'm saying you. know he's almost four next month. but it was the first you know. we have a fun time. i make him laugh you know. he he shares stuff with me. i share stuff with him. but it was the first time. i felt where he was like wow. i'm proud that my dad. does that look at how cool. my dad is and it is something. i will never forget. there have been three times in my life. where something has happened. and i will never ever and i and and as soon as it. happened i thought well you know. what i will never forget. that and one of them. was when i was at the movie theaters. when i was watching casino it was with me. and my brother my mom and my dad. and the and the couple behind you know. whenever casino came out i don't know. it was in the 90s. but i was young. my brother was even younger. and the the mom behind us. not our mom but the mom. behind us at the credits. she said look at this. parents of the year. to my mom and dad. and my dad was like cuz we were young. you know and they're putting people's heads. and vices and [ __ ] in that casino movie and and my dad dude. one thing you don't do. is talk [ __ ] to. my dad after he sees. a scorsese movie you know. what i'm saying my dad. grew up in new york. and is italian and is very meek. and cool but dude don't approach. him with [ __ ] talk after he's watching a scorsi movie trouble. trouble at the laat united artists. theater so she says look at this. parents of the a and he says what. you think you could raise. these kids better than me. my dad goes full on you think you can raise. these kid why don't you take. these kids home you think you can raise. them better than me. huh and he says and then the husband's like pushing. her away like get he said yeah. get out of here and my dad. said and and if your husband had any balls. he'd come over in here and fight me. you fat pig and i go. well i'll never forget that. and of course i'. never tell that story until my dad. was retired but dude i'll never i go. oh my god and i felt proud of my dad. too then too i'll tell you that much. because he stood up for his kids. but i was like you know 14. or something but anyway um that was the only time. i ever seen my dad. really do that it was really. wild you get jacked after you see certain movies. right um yeah so and then there was another thing. that happened that i i i i thought well i'll never forget. that and actually right right now. it escapes my mind. so maybe i can only hold. two at once and so that calvin one. is i'm more than happy. to just keep that one. that one was amazing it. was amazing dude i was at i was um it was great. and then he was just like so i don't know. it just really sweet. i had such a great. time in phoenix man. and uh brought my whole. uh inlaw like the inlaw side of the family out. and it was crazy. because i talk about such like wild. [ __ ] on stage now and i was like i i got to. warn you guys like cuz you. know they're like 60 something i'm like you got to. i don't know who's coming. i said to. my motherinlaw i was like you you. know but i i get pretty pretty out. there with my material and she was like oh no. we we love we love. it it's all good and it. was dude and let me tell you something. it was okay and then the next day. dude uh we woke up. i woke up at 1 [ __ ]. yeah dude when he get dude. when someone can watch your kids. you wake up at 1. dude you wake up. at 1 and you don't feel you. don't feel bad about it. at all um woke up. at 1 went to. go get coffee and it was on dude. and then i went to. the desert ridge improv. and i met brian kalen and i did. stand up uh for his crowd. uh and then we roasted each other. afterwards a video is coming on my other youtube. channel be ready for it. dude now let me ask you. a question brian ken how come when i'm with you. i also always have to. meet 12 guys you have too. many people around you all. the time and that's very weird. because you're not eddie griffin. and that's very weird because you're not chingy. and that's very weird because you're not bis. marquee in 1988 and that's very weird. do you know what i mean. why you're not murphy lee and that's very. weird i don't know why but every time i go. to to to see brian. callen somewhere and here's the deal. dude we're really good friends. um and we hang out mostly at business. stuff and you could tell that because you find me. on a place of business. but you could find it. you you you mostly hang out. of business stuff right. um and we hang out of business. stuff podcasts you know. stand up sometimes we'll shoot a video together. sometimes we'll sometimes we'll hang out but not often often it's a business. up whenever i see them. there are also 12 guys with him. and it is always always always there. are always four like four guys that own. a gym you know. three of them will be will own. one gym and then one of them. will own a separate gym. and then there will be some sort of criminal around. too always and i'm telling you. always and then there's like a 45yearold. hot chick somewhere that is dating. one of them and then another guy that like i i didn't even like once. i leave i completely forget. him and i'll never think of him. again but it's always hey brian. count i don't want to. also and you know what bring 12. guys around for real. bring 12 guys around but don't introduce me. to them cuz i don't know them. and i'm going to. now you know oh i'll give you because he be like oh i'll give you the give got that. friend like i'll give you the number. you guys can connect next. time you're out here you do. the okay nice enough the nicest guys but i remember one. time i was i was like yeah. i was doing the irvine. improv this was a long. time ago and he's just one of those. guys dude where he says oh. dude my friends want to. come to your show. they're so good they're so cool. can we just can you get them. a ticket can you meet them. after i said okay yeah dude. it was like some dude. that was 50 something and two 25yearold drunk. like uh like actual porn actresses. and they were just like hey we're friends. at brian k he was like hey was his name. was something like [ __ ] bbop you know. and i'm just like and i'm like brian. don't don't anyway i met 12. guys one of them was sammy the bul. gravano you know for real. honestly one of them was sammy the bul. gravano and i'm like okay he did. 24 years in prison really charismatic. dude he's basically jesi you know really charismatic. dude um living in arizona. and you know impressive. to say the least and crazy. dude i feel like if i even talk about him. i get in trouble. yo the mafia do you know. what i mean the mafia. like not like him aside like it existed. hey the mafia existed. dude hey like like organized crime. is to me hilarious. because crime is crime the fact. that they label it. it's like you don't need to. organize if it's organized who it's still. bad like i don't understand. why they say organized crime. it gives it such a romantic. vibe just say crime i feel like less. people would be gangsters. organized crime it's like it. makes it sound nicer and romantic. it's like it's like organized pyromaniacs yeah. we burn down houses but we all do. it in like a steady. fashion and we do it. together it's like you're still [ __ ] um and so organ hey we're organized we're organized uh farters that's what we do oh really yeah does it stink like [ __ ] oh my god so bad but we all line up and we just let gas come out and it's [ __ ] absolutely amazing don't go against us we'll pin you down with f on you um so anyway oh you get mouthy with me hey what did you just say to. me hey tony put put them down. carine come here open. them up there we go. organized farts don't [ __ ] with the flatulence family. so dumb um but hey you're breaking. my hey hey chill out. you're breaking my wind um i'm breaking. wind in here uh so anyway hey give me more. provalone i got i got somewhere to. be hey you got d. hey give me that [ __ ] hey look give me the um what. do you call it the [ __ ] godamn it what's the stuff. with this pistachios in it. mortadella give me the mortadella. dude you put one by yo. if you stand in a room. at mortadella you pass. gas period there's just it's just fart. central it's got it's baloney with. pistachios in it. hey who figured it out. a fat italian you know. his name was mortadella. um per moradell was his. name anyway um so uh so yeah organized crime. dude crazy [ __ ] would just like murder people what about distress. dude let me tell you something. if i was an organized okay. this is coming from a guy. who's never broken the law. never broken the law. ever except for the speeding right. like the the m you jay. walking but like would be terrified. i stole a hat once. i i've told that story here i stole a hat. once it was bright. green and i thought if i could walk out of here. while i pay for my other. stuff with the hat on. and not get stopped then i deserve the hat. what a lunatic but i did and it was that savon. drugs got that and i walked out. with the hat it was a hat. it i remember it was before. monster energy drink but it was like it looked like the monster. energy logo i was 22. that was a mistake and i shouldn't have done. it but i did it. i should still have that hat. honestly but anyway um like people do that. and then they don't stress about it or they. do and it's like don't wh what's the price. of that stress what's the price. of that stress you know. i i don't think there is a price. on that stress say you robbed. a bank and you knew you robbed. a bank you got away. with it and you made you know. 1.5 i don't know i don't know how how much does. a [ __ ] bank have i have no idea once how much depends what bank right. but say you just rob you. get $2 million that's worth. the worth the stress of there's video surveillance. of you with like a a hoodie. over your head you know it's you nobody knows it's you but that doesn't stress. you out enough to. i i can't organized crime. crazy dude um especially like having a lot. like like uh uh what do you call. it um having to. uh rely on people you know and you know we don't talk right. we don't talk to. anybody and then some guy because there's always that. one [ __ ] up that is going to. talk right you trust people ahra you tr. hey we took the blood hey we bled and we put it on a [ __ ] players card and then we kissed. it and ate it and then mortadella. [ __ ] it out dude you know it's like you can't trust [ __ ] but the people who can't who say trust no one they trust the most people dude. cuz they're always criminals trust no. one trust no one. that's what [ __ ] like gangsters. yeah trust no one [ __ ] blood [ __ ] trust no one and then what they do they turn on them you think these [ __ ] are doing years not snitching dude they snitch. look at [ __ ] uh what's his name candy. brigh rapper guy 69 he snitched. i guarantee this [ __ ] said trust no one way more. than me cuz i'm all like trust some people i'm like trust two or three. people i'm like trust one. or two people really well i'm like honestly. i'm like trust one person. you know like fully trust one. person this is my [ __ ] people say trust no one i say fully trust maybe one person and then kind of trust also maybe two three people that's my [ __ ] that i should make a shirt like that fully trust maybe one person and then kind of trust two. or three people that's the [ __ ] new merch idea dude that's going to. be banging honestly that's going. to be banging because you can't not. trust anybody you not trust anybody. you get cancer later. on in life you get cancer. you don't trust anybody you. just like move in the shadows. and trust zero people. you can't [ __ ] cancer later you. have live a li a nice. life you trust people with your vulnerabilities. with your emotions you trust at least. one person your wife your husband. whoever you live a beautiful. life you trust maybe two or three. other people and they don't backstab. you maybe they do maybe they don't maybe they backstab. you maybe you have a lesson. you learn maybe they don't backstab. you you don't you know. you still liveed your lovely. life trusting two or three. people it's beautiful i i don't like that. trust nobody [ __ ] and i love tupac and tupac. used to say. trust nobody trust no one i guarantee if tupac. didn't get shot and grew up. he'd be like yeah chris i actually. agree with you i think trust maybe one person and kind of trust. two or three people you know. i don't i don't know is this. even plugged in oh man. it looks like it's not plugged. in i oh it is plugged. in okay cool hell yeah. dude 28% um anyway dude then i went to. do go up on stage. and i i did the the brian. k thing and it was fun. um and uh but i think the main thing is never trust. people you work with you know. only trust people that is your family. or you know if they've been in your life. for a long time i don't know whatever. [ __ ] john gotti turned on samy the bulano and then he turned on him so it's like you know lar nostra. yeah right and you know. i don't say this too i. don't say this enough but l. no yeah right um rick ross. has a bunker hey dude. i know you know we knew right. even though we didn't know we knew that was the next thing. for him for sure it's going. down y'all know how i love real estate. and i usually like to. bild and go up look we going. underground now one time for all my doomsday preppers. elon mus i see you. i saw your ground plans. i'm impressed but guess. what he always sounds like he just got over a sinus. infection what my bunker. going to have a garage. my bunker going to. have wings my bunker. going to have wings like like buffalo. wings or like it's going. to fly cuz honestly neither of those. things are important your bunker. should stay underground. maybe he means he's going to. have a plane go into. the bunker a garage with a plane. this guy lex luther um huh. yeah you said it breaking. ground huge excavations you. got to have your fluids. what a [ __ ] dude huge excavations. you got to have your fluids. dude huge excavations that's amazing. i got a water maker. something like a machine. that makes water out of h2o. water is h2o ow i got a water. maker we got our canned goods. not impressive dude so if you thinking the brothers. ain't ready we ready dude. we breaking ground you. know this guy's so bored. there's you can't every time. you look at a uh rick ross. video you're like oh well dude you're bored. that's it that's what it. is we're breaking ground. i'm excavating just learning. learned it just learned the word. somebody said used the word. excavating this is exactly. what happened to. rick ross somebody used the word. excavating in a sentence. and he said what's that. and they said it's like excavating. it's like when you when you like take out. a bunch of uh ground. you know what it is it's like if you want. to make a bunker. you go into the ground. and you excavate excavate the the ground. to make the bunker. and that was what made him. want to do a bunker. i guarantee it dude. i promise no doubt dude. you say what could it. have we wings that's what he did. and it were like wings like buffalo. wings could you have a garage. in it uh yeah you can have a garage. in the bunker as long. as the ramp goes. down i usually build. up though you could build. down it's going down y'all know how i love real. estate and i usually like to. build and go up. build we going underground. now one time for all my doomsday preppers. honestly the ation about the word excavate excavation. happened 4 minutes before this. he recorded this and then he decided and now he's going to. do it elon musk i. see you i saw your ground. pl i'm impressed but guess. what my bunker going to. have a garage my bunker. going to have wings huh. didn't hear himself uh unbelievable. but congratulations dude cuz he's basically a scientist. if he can make uh water. at h2o that's amazing. dude he's he's very christlike. um that's just wild dude. did you see the did. you see american nightmare on netflix. i watch this and i think everybody's watching this. because this is why. not only is it number. one on netflix this. is why i think everyone's watching it. i was on the plane. and you know who was on. the plane with me on. the way to phoenix. sugar ray mark mcgrath. you know the guy who sings. every morning when you wake up. and you're walking dancing i need more. one more bed shut the door. baby don't say a word. ho baby baby you know that song right. what is that called shut the door. baby don't say a word. every morning and i wake up. in his it in a one. night b to. the door baby don't say. a word loud singer. anyway um he was watching it. on my plane so on his phone. so everyone has seen it as soon. as mark mcgrath has seen it. he's also the guy who hosts. extra extra i think whenever he used. to do that for like three. weeks or something but anyway um somebody who has a place. in phoenix but so uh uh he looked like a cool. dude i didn't talk to. him i meant to. say hi because you know. when you you're a famous. person you see another famous. person you got to. be like yo what's up. um but anyway america nightmare is crazy. dude the the show on netflix. american nightmare is absolutely crazy. dude okay so it's basically you probably seen. it but if you haven't it's basically this guy and girl who live together. and this guy this other person comes in duct. tapes him blindfolds him kidnaps the woman for a ransom. takes the woman and is and tries. to get a ransom from the from the uh boyfriend. okay the boyfriend goes to. the cops the cops. think he's making it up. all right they think he's making it up. the fbi gets involved. and they they think that they're trying. to put one over on them. like gone girl when of the fbi. goes uh agents is actually like well you know you seen. gong girl right this is what they're doing hey get a labotomy dude first of all these two people were interviewed and they couldn't have sound more. sounded more like they were telling the truth. man i'm trying to. think if my wife got kidnapped. and i'm trying to. think if my wife got kidnapped. and then i was like bound or whatever and they unbounded me. and then she was gone. and i got to. the police like i would immediately call the police. okay like cuz they were like do not call. the police i be like this okay i won't i i swear. to god i won't they leave. i go like this hello. police hey my wife was kidnapped. i don't care if they kill. me at that point you know what i'm saying like i got to. do what i got to. do i'm not going to. not you know you're not going. to trust this [ __ ] so um and then if they were like okay why don't you come down and talk talk to. us and give us a statement. and i'm like well dude. okay but but holy [ __ ] [ __ ] if they started being like if they pulled one of those [ __ ] first of all if they pulled one of those [ __ ] you know when they have the good cop the bad cop you know when you're in when they when they when you see the footage of the interrogation room and you see the cops moving in on the guy and the guy's in the corner and they sit they they keep moving their chairs clos up by the end they're like literally right here with them dude okay let me tell you something you can't let that happen i i if i ever get interrogated for something dude hey let me tell you something it's me who's moving the chair up okay go ahead no no no bring the good cop bring the bad cop bring a medium cop i don't give a [ __ ] bring a kid cop and an old cop bring all the cops you got dude i'm moving the chair forward i'm getting closer you move one forward i move two forward okay until we get so close i kiss you okay copper like no [ __ ] you don't do this so so okay so what i'm trying to. do is and there's a lot. of holes in this. story i pull forward no there's notah book me for that. did you just kiss. me yep sorry my bad 5. i thought that's what you wanted. cuz you were invading my personal [music]. space where's the other guy. oh you moved away oh and then i move closer. to that guy dude. flip the script judo these. [ __ ] these cops that can come all on you and [ __ ] interrogate you knees to. knees [ __ ] that m lips to. lips dude lips to. nose mah no dude that. drives me that so drives me hey and then none of them. go like this yo back. up [ __ ] man i know 100% if my wife got kidnapped. that they would think it. was me anyway you know. i pray pray my wife never gets murdered if my. wife gets murdered dude. 100% 100% the [ __ ] media will say it's me i i i i already know that i pray she doesn't get [ __ ] please nobody murder my wife for real uh that goes for everybody in my family my dad everyone it's just like they're going to. be like anyway dude. this is an iced. coffee not a drink people. are like oh he drinks. now um so anyway american nightmare was like this. crazy uh thing where they thought. you know and then like three days later. the the woman came back to. the house and then they thought that. the woman was in on it. trying to get money from the guy. and they were like hey we just love each other. guys okay can you just help. there's a guy out there. murdering and and raping can you just can you just please help. and then he ended up getting someone. else uh so you know just so crazy. and they were like ah [ __ ] i don't know dude just i just don't ever murder. anyone around me please. everyone will think it's me. i guarantee it this guy. bivo got new teeth. hold on let's look. at this thing here you got new. teeth this is the guy. that i was making fun of last. time listen beo here. you know the rules. listen we all know bivo is in turkey he's finally got his nashers. done listen behind this remote i've got some sick. well you know what i didn't. realize when he blocks his mouth. he actually has the worst hair. i've ever seen in my life. it's a it's a butt. crack you know what i mean. but listen 6:00. p.m. english time i'm going. to go live so it. be 9:00 p.m. my time i'm going. to go live we're going. to do a reveal but big up. the teeth big up uk. smiles as well listen it's been a it's been a long. week but it's definitely been worth. it i'm um i'm so happy. to finally say get my teeth. done and just enjoy why everyone as well. shout out to billy. shout out to sam as well. at uk smiles um. yeah it's been amazing. it's been a great experience they're doing. a little uk tour. as well what's going on. i'm going to try. and turn up and just show. my got my got my teeth. done i'm i'm going put the reveal. it's like appreciation and just convince people that. they know what they're getting. but yeah 600 p.m. english time. i'm going to go. live and we're going to. reveal my smile but big up. to yourselves much love big. up beo as soon as my teeth. are calmed down a bit i'll start. doing eating videos but yeah sorry. being active but big up. to yourselves chat to. you soon as soon as my as soon. as my teeth as soon as my teeth. have calmed down i do some eating vide videos. for you the weirdest sentence. anyway we saw his teeth. uh we put up a picture. of his teeth right. there but they're wild. dude when people get their teeth. done i would be so if i was gonna get my teeth. done which i i wouldn't because your boy. got some nice teeth. actually you get some nice chompers dude. um a little they're a little crooked but i i you know. people get their teeth. whitened or done whitened. or or straightened and they end. up looking like the mask. and [ __ ] no dude let me tell you something okay before you get your teeth. done look in the mirror. first and do this if you if it's too much. like the mask don't. get your [ __ ] teeth done dude that's the [ __ ] should i get my teeth done test look in the mirror. and go if you [ __ ] look dumb doing. it of course you look. dumb but if you look. extra dumb like the mask. you go you know what i'm gonna. actually cool off i get my teeth. done cuz man i heard it. two if you get them. whitened man my exgirlfriend got the zingers dude. that's what they call them. they get zingers where they [ __ ] k. dude she called me she was in texas. she called me i was i was at home. and she was in texas she was like i i this. is the most pain i've ever. felt in my life. i can't even deal. with it and she was crying. i was like dude it's probably fine. dude apparently it gets so painful. but yeah her teeth. were fine she didn't need it. to get whitened anyway big up for big. up for her big up. to her um yeah and uh so that's it. about that um what's this. an amateur won. the golf tournament and can't do it. i heard you babe um 24. old 20yearold amateur golfer just. won a pj tour event. but he's not allowed to. collect the $1.5 million prize why because he's an amateur what bro. those [ __ ] [ __ ] dude start to. gofundme for him he's rich anyway he does golf. you know nick dunlap reacts. after making the putt dude. an amateur beat him. they're so mad this is basically what's it. called happy ma happy. madison happy what's his. name is that happy. gilmore it's basically happy. gilmore the guy goes like at the end. he goes like this why. can't i get the 1.5 million h. about who that's awesome good. for you dude rael riseo um i don't know. oh oh dude the razy awards. that's like the worst stuff. razi nominations led by expendables um i think we're done. using the numbers to. be a letter in the sequel. of a movie title you. know what i'm saying expend four. bbls like that that [ __ ] it's not an a it's a four and we know it and it's like not cute. anymore that was cute. in like 2001 with tupac. um m so do they have the worst. picture here we go oh i love it. i love it okay. worst picture the exorcist expendables. meg 2 shazam winnie the poo so okay. to me expendables absolutely not. going to be in that. category period cannot be in the category cuz you know what you're going. to see when you go see the expendables. all right you're going to. see ass kicking action it. can't be the worst. movie okay that's out meg. 2 kind of the same. not as much as the expendables. but you know you're going. to see a [ __ ] stupid movie about a big gigantic shark. and also it's a sequel. the first one was shitty. so you know that the second one's going. to be shitty all right. so you take expendables you take meg 2. out all right the exorcist. believer can be in it because it took itself. way too seriously you. saw the previews they tried. to act like it was too. scary like it was real. the the the the the posters of that scary. little girl you know. so the exorcist can believe can. be in it all right. shazam fury of the gods. can absolutely be in it. all right because it looks so [ __ ] bad and it's a dc movie and dc sucks. to heaven except for the uh suicide. squad right um. and also it shazam you know. like nobody gives a [ __ ] about that. superhero winnie the pooh blood and honey the scary. movie it's a horror movie about winnie the pooh. that cannot be in the razzy. awards as worst you know. going to watch a horror. movie about winnie the pooh is. going to be bad. you know it's going to. be bad you know it's going. to to be what it. is h going to. kill you you know that's bad. under no circumstance. you go in thinking like i can't. wait to get my socks. knocked off of me i can't. wait to see winnie the pooh. put down his honey pick. up a plastic bag. and suffocate someone in no way. do you come out a different. person after that movie all right. so the only movies that can be in the worst. picture are exorcist and shazam and i bet it's shazam. i bet the exorcist is. just another horror movie that's also bad. shazam is probably piss [ __ ] poor figured it out without seeing any of them although we know that wonder woman 1980 whatever was the [ __ ] one that should have won the razzi awards or the new matrix was the one how is that not nominated the new matrix was one of the worst movies. i've ever seen in my life. dude ever seen in my life. it was the gay gayest movie. of all time the gay. tricks um look at this. how shitty would it be to. be nominated for worst. actor ad the razio look russell crow. the pope's exorcist so shitty. you know you're talking about gladiator you're talking about. the guy who did the insider. you're talking about the guy. who's done [ __ ] la confidential you're talking about a guy who could take his aussie. new zealand acent and just toss. it out and be an irish guy. you talk about m beautiful. mind and you give him. the [ __ ] razzy nomination for worst. actor vin diesel fast x yes. now i understand facts is. what it is and it's supposed. to be stupid but vin diesel. i've got one question for vin diesel. how how did this get past. period you know this was after schwarzenegger stallone. jet lee statham [ __ ] uh even st them. yeah uh uh uh van dam this. was after all that [ __ ] now look some of the guys turned out to. be a great actor stallone. is a good actor but dude. how do how did vin diesel. do this he's this he is just vin diesel. so he deserves razzy. for worst actor nomination jason stam. nah i don't come on. john voit mercy what even is that chris evans ghosted. i don't know chris evans. is a good actor but what the [ __ ] ghosted. just that should be worst movie. of all time probably all right. worst actress su hyek megan fox jennifer lopez come on this. not right look at this. look we're sporting actors again. megan fox and expendable somebody hates [ __ ] megan spox over. at [ __ ] the razzi awards. worst supporting actor mill gibson. of course because all the stuff. he said about jews. again i'm giv r. word michael douglas and anman no. way we don't stand for. michael douglas lander no way. look frank franco nero as the pope. in the pope sacri god. who [ __ ] what what do they watch like seven movies and just why is the pope. exorcist so high on this. list for them look worst. screen couple any two in merciless mercenaries. any two money grubbing. investors who donated $400 million remake. rights to the ex. 40 million for the remake. rights four four sorry 400. million for the remake. rights of exorcist are you. [ __ ] me wow um this is so funny worst prequel. remake ripoff or sequel antman. exorcist expendables i mean there's six movies on this. [ __ ] thing worst director and of course believer exorcist and of course [ __ ] expendables and of course meg 2 where screenplay let me guess wow so exorcist expendables shazam win theo and indiana jones so what what didn't get it for worst picture so meg 2 didn't make the worst script so oh no they did sorry wait worst script yeah meg 2 so so the movie meg 2 was bad the script was not not the worst wow insane look at [ __ ] like this ai recreated how these dead stars would have aged you know if you have ever clicked on anything like that you know i mean i probably have but um everyone is so so i um um look at this cnn article reys witherspoon eating snow did disturbed people she would like a word hey cnn you doing um she posted a tik tok which had some fun with some new fallen snow look at the way they write this [ __ ] you know the way they write it all glossy it's still a piece of [ __ ] the morning show star uh recently posted a tik tok video in which she had some fun with some new fallen snow hey your cnn though you you know what i mean uh in the video two mugs were used to. scoop snow off a car with spoon then describ just have uh anyway she she posted her recipe who cares about any of this. look somebody comments no no. no snow is not. made to eat you. can seriously get sick one. person commented man the internet. [ __ ] everything up huh. what about childhood dude. you can eat snow. it's fine i mean. i i eat i ate snow. when i was a kid. i'm sure dogs pissed on it. i i i ate that [ __ ] and i'm fine. he said [ __ ] his pants. with no one knew even even though. he was live on his podcast. um look at this we drank. out of the t yeah. that's the another um we drank out of the top. we actually yeah we i never really drank. out of the top man. i did drink out of the top. i did yeah you drink. out of the hose. i've done that too yeah and i guess you can't. do that now the bottle the water. bottle the water uh industry is a racket. right look at this. stupid headline there's no big. secret why vince vaugh isn't. around anymore dude if it was no big. secret then we wouldn't need an article about it. also dude cnn is the tabloids. um anyway dude whatever i did this. [ __ ] thing soft white underbelly. it's awesome uh i love it. i'm a big fan of it. the guy asked me. to do it he uh mark mark lea. wanted me to. do it uh because he was like he wants to. like branch out and start. doing like you know comedians and actors and writers and [ __ ] like that i don't know but i was i like yeah [ __ ] yeah i'll do it i did it and um it was really cool i i you know i don't say i had fun doing it we talked about some you know some some lighthearted stuff. and then some some hardcore [ __ ] and uh and it was it was cool. a lot and and um the the [ __ ] i checked a few. of the comments and i was like all. right i guess i can't look at this. dude people are just [ __ ] so it's so wild dude. like people are just like they want you. to die you know. they're like nah [ __ ] you can't you can't if somebody says hey you did this you can't even be like no i didn't people are like oh nah but you need to. take accountability you can't take accountability. for something you didn't do. and they really want you to. do that [ __ ] dude but um anyway i did the [ __ ] interview and it was it was really cool i'm a big fan of soft. soft white underbelly belly um and of course like i know i made mistakes. uh of course of course i know. i made mistakes um and both of those. things are true so uh anyway uh it was cool. it was worth doing and i really enjoy. that uh that channel it's crazy. but it'll just be like now. it's hilarious because it'll just be like it'll be like prostitute. fentanyl addict uh serial killer. uh uh murderer the devil. crystalia comedian you know uh [ __ ] what's uh uh warden to. san quinton uh uh uh victim of john. wayne gasy and then comedian. chrystal leah and it's like okay um you don't want people to. [ __ ] say what they feel and be honest then then nobody's going to. you know nobody's going to. they just want you to. shut the [ __ ] up that it's just the craziest world. dude it is the craziest [ __ ] world they just want you to. shut the [ __ ] up and eat crow. um look at this [ __ ] taylor swift and k. travis kelce um i don't i can't imagine caring. about something more than hey you know that. football player is dating. uh the [ __ ] singer and then you go oh really huh. well that's weird i thought he liked black. chicks h maybe it's a pr. thing h maybe they love. each other and then that's it. that's it but i don't give a [ __ ] i'm happy. for them that they're you know. love each other of course they're going. to break up she gonna make a song about it. this is all part of it. and then his career is. going to be over because he's gonna you. know he's not going to do. as well um and then there's going to. be be something like what do you call. it the tayor swift curse like don't. date taylor swift like how if drake. mentions you before a fight. you die or whatever. it is a ufc fight um i don't understand. how somebody can be as famous. as t taylor swift. this is why i don't like like when you see. like [ __ ] like tom cruz like you know he's a scientologist and he's crazy like of course of course dude. if i was that famous. you understand if i was that famous. i would part of me. would think oh well but in my past. life i was shoes. you know like i would just think crazy. [ __ ] like that i would think absolute nutty [ __ ] i would be like well we're probably in the matrix and i just like have the most money and so i paid to. have the best life but it comes. with its troubles. so huh isn't that funny. even in when you're plugged. in you you you know. the stuff you can't. buy happiness like this is the [ __ ] i would be thinking of i don't know how you stay sane. the fact that taylor swift hasn't. murdered murdered people means that she's. an a a higher level. being than i am tom cruz. is just a scientologist are you kidding. me the guy should be a warlord. dude if i got to. tom cruz level warlord straight up i'd have my own. country um my laugh would be different i'd be like you know um i i just don't under a microscope. like that crazy anyone see that. movie [ __ ] uh killer of the flower moon. yeah i want to. see that you see it. is it good it's so long. though dude three and a half. hours didn't feel long. i watch oppenheimer i'm like all right. i'll watch flowers killer flowers moon. next year oppenheimer was great. but man three hours is that's it. i can do three but i can't. three and a half. bro what is this gettys. b remember that [ __ ] movie that was like four something long it had an intermission in the theater. you go out and pee and get popcorn. and come back and they're still [ __ ] sawing each other's legs. off it's like oh jesus. man um anyway um yeah that's good we had a good episode. today thank you very much. i'll be in el paso. albuquerque chris dot com and go stream my special. chris dot com have a good. one um and also uh check our patreon. out the patreon is why this podcast keeps going patriot don patriot dot com. christalia uh please subscribe we love. it leave a comment um you guys are the you guys are the greatest. thank you for this absolutely. beautiful episode 361 i think 