 this episode of congratulations. is brought to. you by the cash app do you want to. get paid five dollars and also give five dollars. to charity i think you probably. do you should um you want to. buy and sell bitcoin instantly. or get your paycheck deposited right. to the app think you should its 2018. think that's how it should be so that's what the cash. app will let you do you download the free cash. app for ios or android now it's a number one finance app in the app store. so do it this. episode is also brought to. you by blue apron blue apron is the leading. meal kit delivery. service in the us when you cook. with blue apron you're not just having burgers. for dinner you're making short rib. burgers with a hoppy cheddar. sauce on a pretzel bun blue apron is treating my listeners. to their first three meals a $30. value with your first order. if you visit blue apron home / congrats so check out. this week's menu. and get your $30 off with free shipping. at buuck bring calm / congrats. blue apron a better way. to cook is in february i don't know what what is the date. dude it is the it is february yeah it's we did. want to show in february so whatever. you know i just go by. the i fly by the seat. of my pants man you think i give a what day it. is nah but let's take care. of some business before we even. start this life cult meeting follow. the leader my new tour. we announce the first leg. on instagram and twitter and split cider. announced it actually they broke. it first and you can buy tickets. and i am going to. the it's it's on presale now or tomorrow. and it goes on sale. for the general public on friday. and these are the cities for the first leg. of the tour tallahassee florida. orlando florida charleston south carolina pittsburgh. pennsylvania um dayton ohio huntsville alabama nashville tennessee. denver colorado and boise idaho. for some reason so that's where we're going first leg. of the tour i'm adding. many cities everyone saying. what about chicago what about. toronto what about ottawa i'm common. move common daddy's coming. to seattle daddy's gonna come everywhere. don't worry vancouver don't worry austin. texas don't worry dallas. we gonna do it so i see all. your comments and thank you. and and i'm gonna and i can i can't. wait man all new material. for men on fire. and it's a place for us. babies to unite and come come. together and enjoy enjoy the time. or whatever the i don't know child. off the sentence but you guys. i was in canada. for a week solid you know. when people say man. i was there for a good. week i don't like when they add good. for no reason a week. is a week if it was. good or bad it's the same. amount of time that man. he was sitting there for a good. 20 minutes before he said something. you know what 20. minutes doesn't make it longer. it makes it mate you're trying. to make it seem like it's longer. by adding good it wasn't longer. 20 minutes is 20 minutes baby. 20 minutes is 20 minutes if you're just sitting there and 20. minutes is 20 minutes. if you're playing volleyball it's it boy. he was there for a good. hour and a half or just an hour. and a half yeah didn't too. many adjectives yeah turn around. so i was in canada. for a good week i was there. from i went monday to. i got back sunday so not a good. week so six days so completely lied. to babies but i was i was there. i shot a little i shot an episode. of the good doctor and then i went to. north battleford which many. you guys don't know where that. is because you're not canadian. and even canadians maybe not its way. up there man it's like in the northern territory or some and i was making fun of the place. because dude how much artwork. can you have with an eagle. flying having a trout in its talons dude. it it's a canadian. the artwork they can't it's not. artwork if there is there isn't if if you paint. something in in north battleford. you have to. also have include an eagle. with a trout in its talons otherwise it's not. art swear to god. you draw a draw a portrait of a woman. and people be like well i was not recognised. as art unless there's an eagle in the background carrying a trout in its talons hey canada we get it. okay um but i was in north battleford. and first of all i got there. and when i got there i show. i got there a day. early oh my man i mean dude. these people have happy lives. and they're there and it's great. and god bless him. really and and really nice people. and and it's pretty man. i mean it's really pretty there. the snow was so white. i didn't i forgot how. white snow is man. i mean snow is whiter. than ryan seacrest dude. it is blinding dude. you just walk outside. and it here's the other thing. too oh man. i have so many things i want to. talk about okay look let me just start. this off by saying if it's below 30. degrees now let's do 25. degrees now that's fahrenheit because i'm american i don't know what the it is celsius and i know americans. are the only ones who uses fahrenheit and but whatever it is. everyone when i was going. to north battleford it. was negative five degrees okay. now of course eat my naturally. eat my right and i put it on instagram. and people were like way. to get to calgary it's it's colder. than that and okay and then when i put it on calgary it. was way it was like negative. something and then in and they were like wait. till you get to. winnipeg which is i guess the coldest let me tell you something. if it's below 25 degrees fahrenheit. it's the same amount of cold. i don't give a if it's 20. because i was in mini hide. to connect in minneapolis. or if you were rob gronkowski. mini annapolis idiot. he said mini annapolis dude. rob gronkowski said mini annapolis he said freeza. freeza mini annapolis ass. is stupid the stupidest. hey man got some concussions how about that. carry yourself but it's it's called. you don't get you don't say. oh yeah way to. get to win it's all. cold you can't go outside you go outside and thirty. seconds you're just like oh let me get the inside. 21 to. go mini mini annapolis was. 21 degrees freeza freeza mini annapolis. was 21 degrees and it was too. cold and i was i was and and and guess what north battleford. dude when i went to. winnipeg it was the biggest you temperature. of all time it was one. degree yeah you you know one degree. it's cuz you got to. change it from degrees. to degree you don't. say one degrees you know it's the biggest you temperature hey what hey what's the what's the temperature one am at imagine in winnipeg that's what it was hey what what's the temperature it's one it's one yum it is one degree there's yum it is one degree yum dude that's gross. his and so cold is cold. now i got to. the show on in north battleford. why'd i go and and the opener i show. up in the openers. like hey man so uh what's your name. and i'm like oh chris d'elia. and he's like oh cool. and i was like first of all no. me first ii in the comedy. business no me first of all. i i know i'm not i mean. there are so many people that don't know. who i am i'd like to. think if you're a comedian you know who i am. okay that being said even if that's not. the truth if you were hired. to open for me. google may okay he literally came up. and said what's her. name this guy's a comedian. he's been a comedian for 20some years. okay now granted he's a comedian. in north battleford he's a comedian. in saskatoon they changed that name. saskatoon is it a cart. ism hey that sound like a mascot yeah let's bring out the saskatoon yeah yes it's called yes that one fire is tight typing out is that how you say that yeah that's how you say it saskatoon saskatchewan is that is the province or whatever saskatoon is the city and one fire continues to. be one fire anyway uh so he was like what's your name and i was like oh i'm crystal. ears i got cool and i was like all right. cool and we were just chilling. like hanging out and he was in the green. room and and then he was like and then he asked me. uh and then he was like so uh so what do you so know. this is the first question he asked. me so what kind of music. you listen to. and i'm like i said i literally said what. kind of music do i listen. to and he said yeah. like what do you do. and i was like i don't know i kind of just chill. and like i listen. to hiphop and he was like oh and then he said so what do you so what's your show. like and i said um i just kind of go. out there and tell jokes you never saw my stuff and he says oh you're a comedian. and i said yeah you're opening. for me right and he said i thought you were a musician or something. google me i wasn't even. offended i don't look i don't get offended. at that but like no homework he was like oh they just asked. me to open he was like they literally just asked me. and i don't know i did. just ask me i said when did. they ask you he said two. days ago had time i said oh where you're from he's at. saskatoon ah that's two hours from here. ah google it on the way. he was like oh you're a comedian. oh i'm gonna stay and watch your show. pay for it now dude. and and he was like i'm sorry. man i don't know i was like dude. i don't give a like whatever. and then after the show he's like dude. i've seen you i've seen you i've seen you i've seen the drunk. girl stuff and i was like okay. it's like i'm sorry i don't i was like i don't give a what. but like for your own. sake know the business a little bit you know. it was really funny i mean. nice enough the nice nicest it wasn't. malicious or anything i liked the guy. [music] yeah and and was like i seen. you i see the drunk. stuff which means he was only. googling me during my show which means it's disrespectful. watch it but it was funny and then so afterwards. so so let me tell you let me. give you a little background about. north battleford so north battleford. a lot of people in canada. know about this i don't know if people in america. or around the world know about this but they're going through. something that's really a dramatic. thing so a white a white guy. shot an indigenous guy that. i broke in to. apparently was on his property. or broke into. his house or something like that. but the white guy. shot the indigenous guy. in his head so they had a whole they had the the the what. he call it the the trial. during the time i was there. like the week of that time. and so you know the a lot. of people are saying well he shot him. in the head it wasn't selfdefense it. was sounds a little iffy it. sounds shitty it sounds like he just killed. the guy and then a lot. of people are saying well he was on his property. and this and that he was threatening. him so you know that. that little law is. you can shoot the guy i don't really know. much about the case. so don't bombard me with facts. about it i'm simply. giving you a little background. so i can tell you this. story when i got when i what happened. with me when i was there. i don't know what's right. and what's wrong in this. case i didn't really look it. up because i'm an idiot all right. but when i got back. to the hotel after the show. i get there and the manager. was like oh hey um can i talk. to you for a second. and i was like sure and by the way this is what this. place is like think twin. peaks okay that's what it's like. you've got people they're so friendly. but it's also s super weird. cuz it gets dark. at 3:00 and the sun comes. out at known there's three hours. of daylight man you can't. there's nothing there like i was like is there. a coffee somewhere and they're like oh we could. make some for you like as their starbucks. somewhere oh there's a there's a tim. hortons down the service road hey man. if you're saying service road to. me it's too far. the are you plopping down settling off a service. road look it over. hey use your getaway sticks and. park it in saskatoon ice i heard a girl. call her legs getaway sticks the other. day and i wanted to. sit on a dildo get her. what sticks i wanted to. sit on a dildo so something. else was happening she's calling out. people on me too if she was like look. if a guy's sexually assaulting you. i'm gonna use my getaway sticks and. leave the situation i almost drove directly to. a sex shop bought a dildo drove home. parked it none on my chair. and bounced up and down on it. so i didn't have to. think about someone saying getaway sticks not. ironically so i get back to. the hotel it's like a fifty second walk. from the casino to. the hotel i'm frozen coz. it's one all right it's actually less than one. but one i was you know saying it again. because it was funny. okay so i get back to. the hotel and the guy says oh um so uh hey can i talk to. you for a second and i said sure what's up. and he comes up. real close to. me like i'm talking about if he was any closer. he'd be me all right. and he's and he talks to. me and his breath was good. as i think i feel like them. when you get north those probably i know honestly. in northern territory i guarantee those. bearded like nice pasty. white i bet they have. good his breath and this. guy did he was the beginning. of it so he comes. up to me and he says do you know. what's going on around. the north battleford right. now and i was like yeah i know a little bit but he says ok so you know. about the trial and what happened. and how the guy got shot. yeah and i said i dunno yeah yeah so it's a crazy. time uh he said ok so the trials. going on and um just to. let you know nothing nothing is. it's all good but the the jurors on the trial. are on your floor. and they're staying on your floor. and there are sheriffs out there. and there will be sheriffs out. there in your hallway. but they're on the other side. so don't worry it's totally safe. okay but just letting you know. that the jurors to. the case where a guy. shot another guy and people are thinking that. it's very racist and there. will definitely be death. threats to the i mean. i didn't say this part. but i mean like what am. i in a john cusack movie. oh i'm jeff so i looked at my own. oh i'm john cusack like i'm all of a sudden i did a show for some guys for 400. people at a casino and now all of a sudden i manage. enoch i'm in movie dudes is how gene gene hackman. picks a movie hey gene hackman's. agent hey gene hey how's it going. hey so they want you to. do another movie how cool is it. about a juror is it. about a jury no it's like thinking if you'd like to. make a call please hang up. and try again message. see five remember that do. you remember that when you used to. leave the phone off the hook for too. long and millennials don't owe this. barely but it's like well i mean i'm a millennial. i guess but like right. before me dude with no cell. phones usually hang up the phone. and you leave it. off the hook and it would all of a sudden. they would go aang aang aang. aang aang aang aang aang aang. aang aang so you knew it. was off the hook and then you pick. it up and if you left. it it would go and aang aang. aang aang message c25 please. hang up and or some who was that. guy message c25 so now i'm in a twin. peaks lodge and the juror. for the trial of the century. in north battleford the jury. is there and i'm like i'm gonna get murdered dude. anyway it didn't happen and oh and then the guy says oh by the way. when are you leaving. tomorrow and i said oh really early and he said oh okay i was gonna ask you if you wanted to. go ice fishing ha ha snorin i said oh yeah he said yeah i wanted to. see if you wanted to. go ice fishing gets warm in there. huh i said what and he said it. gets super warm in the cabin. there in that little shed put on a. fire and you just sit there. nice fish it's to. you it's tshirt weather ah snore then hey man are you up. penguin hey dude real quick are you santa. hey i got a quick. question are you three feet. tall the are you doing up. here use your getaway sticks i. was like ah part of me. honestly and i know you know me. babies i know you know ah dude. you probably would never go ice. fishing i swear to. god if i was there a full day. i would have went that's so so weird. and it's so not me. i would have had to. go and then he was showing me. pictures he was like oh check out. these pictures huh. look look i want to. show you what i called. last time and they pulls. up picture i swear to. god it's a chick with her cleavage. out and he was like look that's the wrong. picture and i i was like i don't he by. the way wasn't embarrassed at. all well he wasn't embarrassed. at all but just to. make sure i just said i it's cool. i got those pictures to. men oh yeah anyway and he kept swiping swipe and swipe in hey dude what kind of sociopath. picks up their phone to. show you the pictures and doesn't hide it. first and get to. the picture and then show you you know. all the crazy screenshots and screen. grabs screen grabs i got my photo. deck did i got pictures of like crazy taking pictures of my taint you know sending them to. bryan callen come on and this guy oh oh i'm sorry. wrong picture just some titties. out there's the fish. hey you know what he is. honestly the most normal man. in the world that's who he was you know. how they used they had that. he's the most interesting man. in the world he jack bauer. when he was 12. on the dough sake this. guy's the most normal man. in the world he'll pull up his camera. roll and it'll show you he'll you'll see the pictures. that he asked to. be sent from a girl. in saskatoon and swiped right. by it and show you his ice fish. he caught he's the most. normal man in the world. in a good way he's got a family. he lives happily he warns you about he warns you about a jury. stay stayin on the fourth floor. he warns you he's a good. guy he'll make you coffee. if you need it he's the most normal. man in the world he were guess. what he wore a blue. buttondown and khakis that's what he wore. of course he did the nicest kind of where i want. to hang out that i would have a nice. q fishing with him for sure. anyway so i got through that. did the show it was a little weird. it was all set up like a wedding. banquet it was fine. i think they had a good time. i had a fine time. it was good i kind of just trailed. off and did what i did. i did what i do. sometimes but and then on the show. and then i went to. calgary again i went to. the same spot that two shows. this time that one show last time. dad come i want the world. to know and make it so i'm coming. up yeah i could ask him. how he wants each cut. of his body to. be done and label. it for him with a black marker. yum oh hell we live. in hell dude this. is from episode a throwback. from two episodes ago. when i was talking about the episode. and sword in the scale when the kit when when the guys. are talking about eating children. this is what the guy. says i could ask him. how he wants each cut. of his body to. be done and label. it for him with a black marker. yum i mean the yum. dude i could ask him. dude how he wants to. be label each of his body. part and how he wants to. be done yum yum oh. babies oh babies oh babies mmhmm you guys here we go. square cash look if you haven't heard we're switching. to the cash app it's the simplest. way to pay people. back friends family very thoughtful wedding guests. anyone really setting and receiving money. is totally free and fast. and most payments can be deposited directly into. your bank account in just a few seconds. you know the cash app lets you do way more than that too now. you can even buy and sell bitcoin. instantly get your paycheck deposited right. to the app pull money out of the atm with the free. custom cash card or use it. to spend anywhere you like you really won't find a more useful finance app out there. and that's chris d'elia. telling you that and of course when you download the cash app five dollars. goes to you and five dollars. goes to time's up legal. defense fund it's great. i use it i've switched over. to it i use the cash app for mostly everything. and i like using it. and when somebody doesn't have have it. i make them get it. cuz i'm stalling and then it's easier to. just like pay people back. you know you go to. dinner with friends and then you afterwards. you sell let me just catch up. you the money for the sushi. it's great download the free. cash app for ios or android now look you heard about clip. you have if you're a baby. if you're a person with a mouse which yar unless you're neo in that. scene in the matrix when he's like mmhmm. it's likely that you don't. brush your teeth for a full two minutes. change your brush on time. or brush twice a day. clip gets that so they designed the perfect electric toothbrush the quip is the new electric toothbrush that. packs just around a mind. of amount of vibrations into. a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost. of bulkier traditional electric brushes. it comes with a mount. that suctions right onto. your mirror and on sticks to. use the cover look it's just it's great. i use it i have it. i take it on the road. it doesn't make my gums. hurt like a lot. of those other electronic electric electronic toothbrushes it. looks like apple designed it. it's sleek it's cool if a chick sees it. she's gonna hang out with you again. it's backed by quip is backed by a network of over. 10,000 dental professionals including dentists. hygienists and dental students. and it's it starts at just $25 and right. now when you go to. quit get qyp comm get clipped comm / congrats to. get your first repo pat pack. free with equip electric toothbrush that's your first refill pack free. at get clip comm / congrats spell ge t qu ip comm / congrats it's great. delivering a new brush head ever delivering. new brush heads every three months. for just five dollars. including free shipping. worldwide so get on that. guys blue apron is the number one. fresh ingredient and recipe a delivery service in the country i love blue. apron i've been cooking with it. and i eat it it's always good. it's always different its mission. is to make incredible. home cooking accessible to. everyone it is very easy. if i can do it you can do it. trust me they offer three plans. the twoperson meal plan serves two people eight. recipes per week choose. from that family meal plan. meals that serve for people choose. from four new recipes per. week with the choice to. receive either two three or four recipes any week. and the wine plan six bottles. of wine from renowned wine makers delivered monthly upcoming. meals are great strip. steak and potatoes and spicy. maple collard greens. again hungry yet creamy fusilli boosts bukhari pasta. with fried rosemary and walnuts. what is it if you don't know. what it is you know. it tastes good customize your recipes each week. based on your preferences several delivery. options so you can choose. what fits your needs needs and there's no weekly commitment. i get your deliveries when you want them. blue apron is treating my listeners. to their first three meals a $30. value with your first order. if you visit blue apron dotcom / congrats. so check out this. week's menu and get your first get your $30. off with free shipping. and blue a blue apron calm / congrats. blue apron a better way. to cook so i was in canada. and then i went to. so i went to. i did the north battleford. show than i did the calgary show. and then in the winnipeg shows. and i came back and i have never been so happy. to come back from the road. it was just too cold. i don't know how they do. it man i don't know how they do. it it's so cold. it's so cold but they do it. and they love it maybe it's it's it's better. that way follow the leader. tour go get your tickets. i just love la i love. it like because of the weather. people some people i get it. i get it why you don't like i get why. people don't like los angeles. but it's just it's just how it is every time. when i was on the fly. i tell you what man. every time i sat down to. eat in canada whatever i don't know what it. is maybe was just where i was every meal. was like and on the side. bas amati rice and i flew home chicken. ba sumati rice basmati rice. sucks it's not good i eat. it everywhere i eat it. in winnipeg i ate it. and everything was with basmati rice. is just regular rice i know. i'm not in a bas tamati. rice dude um i order sometimes. to meals because i don't know. what i want when i'm at a restaurant. sometimes over two meals and also let me tell you something. most portions aren't enough like we've talked about this already. on this show i have and like when people are like oh how much i can't. remember i was like a clip. that i put out there. was like how much did you make but like dude. most of its it's like i or sometimes. were to like it. when i was in vancouver. i go to this. place i get the i got the salmon rice. bowl and i would get the pasta. and i would eat that. and and here's something don't ever. do waiter if you order. two meals oh satan. say this oh you're hungry. huh you're calling me a fat. that's what you're doing. i don't need to. have any kind of cordial. oh ha ha ha yeah what am i gonna. say to that yeah uhhuh. hey go get it oh you hungry. huh or when you eat and then you're done. and you eat quick. and they're like oh you didn't like it. huh yeah yeah take this. plate in the kitchen oh you were hungry. huh yeah that's why i'm at a goddamn. restaurant what's this plate still. doing a front of me. i don't like when waiters do that. if i was a waiter i would act purposely. more like a robot because that's how it should be hello. how would you like your meal. hello i am here to. help you yum then they'd order. whatever they ordered i'd say yeah. may i'll be right. back with your order and then i would be like hello. can i take your order. and they'd be like yeah. sure i'll get meatloaf and i'll say that. is beautiful it comes with. a bass omaha tea rice. yum would you like anything. else and they'd be like yeah. a coke beautiful we have. pepsi instead would you like pepsi or would you like water. will you like water. as well yes yum would you look. and then have you like hey what would you like and then they would say i could ask him. how he wants each cut. of his body to. be done and label. it no that's what i would. do i was in the back. in the back in the kitchen. i'd be like there ordering food. and they would say what would late. what would they like no they would say because they wouldn't be a robot. i'd be a robot i'd be like i'll take table 9. and they'd say okay. cool and they'll be like i'll go. get their order right. now and then they say ah sounds good. thanks for taking the table. and then i'd say no i'm gonna go take their order. and then they say oh cool. and then i'd say i could ask him. how he wants each cut. of his body to. be done and label. it for him with a black marker. yum i would say you're fired. would you like me. today cable darn yeah sure. that sounds good great i. could ask him how he wants each cut. of his body to. be done and label. it for him with a black marker. yum i'm going to. talk to the manager. wait that's my favorite part. i could ask him besides the of his body. to be done that's besides the embody. to be done i could ask him. how you want each part. of his body to. be done that's my favorite. proper size the young. i mean black marker you. know i don't need to. be specific just say write it. on it yeah but i don't like when when waiters do that. i have a part of my act where i talk. about how what about waiters. so i don't want to. get too into. it you got to. come see the followtheleader tour. yeah it's actually hard not it's hard. to not burn material on. here when you're when you're doing a podcast. but i do come up. with a lot of material. on well not a lot. but some of it like i talk. about australia in my new act. and i did i talk a little bit. about that here mmm oh first but anyway how about hangry no you don't. say hangry you say hungry. that's it dude you know what happened. first of all here's another thing. too i don't like when people people talk. about spirit animals hey no you know. how many people have how many like 16. year old girls say like oh that's my spirit. animal not about me but like i mean. they do it on me. sometimes but like just like ah my spirit animal. john mayer is my spirit animal. know john mayer is john mayer there's no such thing. as a spirit animal there's an animal. and guess what there's no such things. about spirits there's no such thing. as a spirit it's an animal. that's it i i don't you know. what actually also is like that this is what happens. so much this is what happens. to me a lot people. will say ah you're literally me. you have this we have the exact. same sense of humor yeah. not really you know. why cuz you're probably not that. funny and you don't have to. think i'm funny but it's what. i do for a living yeah. you know i don't mean to. sound elitist but that's like me going. up to elon musk. and saying oh dude. we build rockets. the same way say yeah oh did you ever build. a rocket though oh but i'm just talking about. the way i would build. rockets though just like you we have the same. sensor it's not the same. because it's a little tricky because the sense of humor you. can have a sense of humor. without being a standup comedian i get it. but like all we have the same. sense of humor like. prawn not really would you talk about robots. nah nah you wouldn't talk about robots. in front of thousands of people no. really you don't have the same. sense humor um how about that. rocket launch dude i mean. elon musk first of all names. elon musk hey he's batman. and that guy launched a rocket. and put a tesla out orbiting the earth. that's like already that was the most. classic picture like that's the craziest classic. picture and and any and and the orbited. the earth his tesla it's a good branding um it's funny. though cuz the car was just like floating. around it wasn't really like like so it like had a spacesuit on you know. so cocteau put your car. out in the heading to. mars and then what gonna crash. into mars and it's not gonna it's not gonna be able. to drive aliens in the back. what is it aang aang. aang aang aang who's matt. damon on that thing what. is that tesla yeah yeah shrinking it. all the way down to. size bring it and then but yeah that's crazy. to to have a rocket. launch into our musk. how about did you guys. see the thing where it was like we're like now. of course negative shits. coming out about elon musk. because it has to. because he's gotten too. big i hate that. dude and they're just looking for and some guy. was like retweeting this thing about this. lady wrote how she was like his starter wife. and he was like she told me. on he told me. while in our first dance at our. wedding he was like just so you know. i'm the alpha in this. relationship and this and that and that in this. and somebody was like hey this is a totally weird. thing for a guy to. say and it's on his first wedding. on his first dance as a at his. wedding and yeah that is a weird. thing to say but also hey chick. you didn't know this already you're a you. didn't know that this is the kind of guy. he was and then they were like oh yeah but that's typical of south south african culture. and it's like dude you didn't know. who you were marrying dude. let me tell you something. man when i'm in a relationship with someone i'm the alpha and she knows. it mmediately i'm not telling him. on her it's very weird. that he told her that on the wedding. day but also know that. you're with a guy that builds rockets. and shoots them to. mars the you don't think he's an alpha and then she was like and then she was like yeah well i would say i'm your wife. not your employee like she would say that. all the time to. him because she wouldn't let him. play and he was said. oh i know if you were my employee. i'd fire you oh damn. it slam dude that's a grand slam. he knocked that out of the park. granted for saying it if it happened. but dude that's hilarious. i would say that in a jokey way. though yeah dude how about the way there's rocket landed. you know that's baller. gosh you know muskies husbandmaterial someone. i saw someone on the other line. online the other day. that said i have a crush on elon musk. oh really you sad. a housewife yeah oh really. i have a crush on megan fox. no oh the billionaire. that shoots rockets into. the plane to mars. dude i was in when i was in canada. they should they the nonstop curling. nonstop curling you know what curling is. i'm gonna talk about curling. in a little bit i got to. do this beachbody on demand is an online. fitness streaming service that gives you unlimited access to. a wide variety of highly effective. worldclass workouts personalized to meet your needs it also includes extensive nutritional content all proven to help people achieve their health and fitness goals they got familiar brands on a p90x insanity 21 day fix threeweek yoga retreat you guys got to get in shape man don't be a fat baby right come on health is wealth as they say even though wealth is wealth but i can set this up in my house you can to stream it on the apple tv app and get an incredible workout right in your house just like i do i like to focus t25 that's been my thing it's an hour worth of intense workout in 25 minutes it's how i'm getting shredded that's why people mistake me for tarzan is so much variety and beachbody on demand is convenient accessible on your computer or whatever your no need to go to a gym or a schedule class everything is right there on your personal device man it's so easy plus your annual subscription is cheaper than a gym membership beachbody on demand has programs for any fitness level from starter to heman there's over 600 different workouts so you don't get bored if you need help finding a workout style to match your interesting goals you will find something there meal prep information variety of recipes and eating plans are all right there you need to give this a try right now my listeners can get a free trial membership when you text congrats to 30 30 30 you will get full access to this entire platform free all the workouts and nutrition information free just text congrats to 30 30 30 hairy's now i'm a hairy guy but when i was i did this movie where i had to shave my chest and my arms and everything like that and i used harry's harry's is it an all about great shave and a fair price which is why over three million guys were switched to harry's i like it because you get a good clean shave i shaved my chest with it and i would never do that but i did it for a part and it was great it got real close the quality of the blades were great didn't cut myself that hair came off like bud was comfortable so jeff and andy these two ordinary guys who were fed up with getting charged an arm and a leg for razor blades started hairy's to fix shaving. it stripped out the unnecessary. fixtures features and and the unnecessary cost. to deliver customers one perfect razor as at an amazing. price it comes down. to good blades man. harry's owns their factory and they're able to. deliver amazing quality blades for just. two dollars a blade compared to. four dollars or more they pay. at the drugstore and it's got a 100% quality back. guarantee a quality guarantee harry's is. so confident that you're going. to love their blades that. they'll give you their trial. shave set for free when you sign up at harry's com. / congrats just pay for the shipping. claim your free trial offer from harry's today. $13 value for free when you sign up just cover shipping your free trial set includes awaited economic razor handle 5 precision engineered blades with a lubricating strip and trimmer blade rich lathering shave gel a travel blade cover so to. get your free trial set go. to harrys dot com / congrats. right now that's harrys. dot com / congrats we used it. on one fires head and it worked. he loved it he worked. one fire loves his close. shave but what was i saying. i was going to. talk about before i uh curling. thanks 1 higher so. i i did i i'm sat. i watched curling and guess. what i don't get it. you know why cuz you're sliding. things around the ice and it's a game where you try. to they have it at bars. like the mini version where you. just what do they i don't know. what they call it. but it's like they put this sawdust. down shuffle what puck for. puck one higher and but yeah man they do it on ice and these guys do it and they let the thing go the little disc and then they sweep in front of it. to let it go faster. or something and the the interesting. thing about it is. it sucks fat donkey dicks that's the interesting. thing about it and it's a huge canadian. thing that canadians love and there. is strategy there is a certain level of skill. level but the interesting thing about it is that it sucks. enormous donkey dicks now that's the interesting. thing about it so uh you know. a lot of guys who do it. are canadian pasty white. same there you go there's that guys working. completely pasty white and it looks like they're basically when that. when the little puck. thing whatever you call. it is going and there it. looks like they're just trying. to clean up before. they it gets there. like they use brooms. and they and they sweep like i just every time. i look at that i just think i do beforehand. but there's like little snow. pellets on there or whatever. the and they're so serious. doing it like nobody's laughing. when they're playing curling. which sucks if you're playing a game. smile and laugh cuz it's a game. not life you know. there's a shirt out there. that says curling his life. you know and i'll use it. to wipe my with it. i'll go out and buy it take. a huge dump use it. to i'm with it then wear the shirt. around town and people be like out what the that and i'd say and they'd be like why i say oh because they're most interesting. about the thing about curling. is it's a donkey dicks. yeah i don't i don't get it. but you know i don't get a lot. of sports so i'm not the guy. right i'm not the guy i'm not the demo. there i mean look i just want fire. pulled up a shirt that says the good. life and then the three images under the good life. is one guys curling. and then it shows a beer mug and then it shows. a guy a girl doggy style. hey not the time and imagine wearing that. shirt out imagine wearing that shirt. at like during the day. like going to pick. up at your peel box. just the good life oh you like curling. drinking beer and doggy style one of those things sucks doggy styles cool beers cool if you like beer i saw a guy online that was talking about he was so passionate about he was like i saw game of thrones and i loved game of thrones and now i've learned that the writers from game of thrones are going to. the writers from game of thrones. are going to. start working on the that. star wars next star wars. movies right now right. one hire and and dude. they were like but then i realized that. these guys were two straight sis. white guys and i would love. it if went to. explore the you know he's like black panther. came out i would love to. explore you know and it was great. for african culture and i would love to. have like you know writers of color. or something you know. not white guys writing the next. installment to the star wars. movies because i wanted to. see explore that the africanamerican per. se the africanamerican culture in the star wars. movies and like that now guess what this. guy was a white guy. saying this and and it's like what the are you. talking about man hey man. what the are you talking. about dude they got writers to. write the show write it there's gonna be white guys. black guys there's gonna be indian. guys and asian guys and there's also gonna be aliens. in the movie okay just stop this. guy i stopped the thing about the online. is is like you're just trying. to look like a good person. dude you don't really give a you don't really. give a if you're just saying hey we need to. give more jobs to. to whatever asians and latinos online. if you just tweeting it. you're not really doing you're just trying. to look like a good person. and get some you you know. you betta the dude. do something about it. then man also it's a star. wars movie what i love. how people are talking about how no i didn't see. it so i could be completely. off about this but people are like oh man. it's so awesome black panther is showing it. african culture and it's like we're talking about the movie where the guy transforms. into a panther right. and they're like it's like a thing. that everyone's talking about and the what and then i'm like well. hey what about the movie. hidden figures nobody said anything. about how i'm so confused. about this whole thing man. i don't even know how to. talk about it like i don't even. know i honestly i don't even know. how to talk about it. i got i'd i can't wait i am. gonna see black panther this week. though because it has 75 characters on it. they were talking about it. on the news the other day. in canada about how like about how its it showed african culture. and like that and then the clips. that were showing was a guy. shooting laser beams at another guy. and it was just like hilarious. i was like well this movie is great. because it shows african culture. and the clip they were showing was. a guy transforming into. a a panther ish type being and then shooting laser beams. hey reaching also was definitely a white. person saying it these people man. you know he was throwing like bald. disks at cars that like blew the cars. up and this movie really elite african culture. is and then the guy flying. through the air shoots glowing disks. at vehicles that blow up. i don't know i didn't see the movie. i mean i didn't see the movie. so i'm definitely talking out. of turn but i'll rip this. michael basketball jordan michael b jordan dude. somebody called him michael he's the b. for basketball that like years ago. as she killed back here. member who was anyway what about the hashmi. thing you see that thing. that i posted on an internet. hated on the on the internet. on on on instagram it's called this. device will keep your phone calls totally private and then you put that beign thing over your mouth there's a device where you can put it over your mouth it's called the hush me and while you're talking on the phone you can talk and it doesn't and it muffles the sound so you can be in public talking it is the single ridiculous will put it on the video podcast but and this guy is talking with imagine having this thing you got a look at it you look like a stormtrooper that isn't ready yet that like just got out of the shower and is getting ready for the night and you put it over your mouth and you're still gonna put the earphones in i mean how many accessories do you need above your neck god damn it if you have a hat on in earrings too and and and here's they got two modes one mode which is the hush me mode which it muffles your sound and then they have another mode that plays music out of the speaker while you're talking so people hear the music and not what you're saying oh hey if you need to. take a phone call that bad. and you're in public. go away walk away you know what use your getaway sticks and walk over near. a tree goddamn it i mean. come on dude what the yui. they spent millions probably making this. stupid well definitely making this. stupid thing if i saw a guy wearing that i'd go. up and start talking on my phone. really loudly him hush me. has two modes active. and passive mode i like the mode. where you throw it in the trash. that's the third mode third. mode with passive mode hush me. muffled speech okay the decibels are. reduced from 60 decibels to. 30 decibels not that much just talk quieter people talk loud as in active mode speakers will play sounds that mask your speech what are the sounds i'd love it if it was hardcore porn just like oh yeah that was the that's my favorite noise in porn is when the girl has to. let out how good it. feels but like swat just like swallowed and wasn't ready. and and it's just like oh yeah. that's my favorite that's my favorite. that's so funny to. me like yeah that's my favorite. one time i was at starbucks. and i opened up my laptop and porn was on and it was and it just goes oh yeah. and i closed it. right back up and left. whatever bro you know what i didn't. give a you know why. cuz he's the most normal. man in the world then i asked everybody. to go ice fishing but yeah i mean hush me come on man. hey invent hey hey cure cancer. hush me voice silencer people talk. loud dude people talk too loud. man just some girl came up. to me i was in a restaurant. in the mini annapolis frizzy frizzy mini annapolis. airport and this girl comes up. to me i'm just by myself. and she says are you chris. d'elia so loud and i said yeah and she said oh man i'm a huge fan. and now everyone's looking over. and here's the part where people look. and i'm like oh yeah it's that. guy huh some people oh my god that guy. and then some people don't even know. who i am so there. that's embarrassing and she's like oh can i get a picture. and now how about now other people who are fans. look over and see oh yeah. that is chris lea and then they want. pictures and then more people came up i get it. it's the price but also just talk quieter i said the uh austin. powers we can't control the volume. of his mouth i've done. it to people before. where i'm like oh yeah. but you're too loud. though i say that and they don't know what because i sound nice oh yeah. but you're too loud. oh yes yes but you're too loud. and then some people are is quiet. as and they've come up. to me and i say what are you. saying you got to. talk louder otherwise i can't hear you come on let's go let's go you're a person. let's do it come on how loud you got to. be this is too loud. this is too soft. get in the middle hey hey come back. what do you want what's up. do you mind if i get a picture sure you're holding your phone. no where is it. oh it's in your bag. cool i'll just wait here like a oh while. you go dig for it. in your bag turn it. on camera and then look for somebody. to take your picture hey person. how about when people this happens. sometimes when you're walking across. the street and they're walking. across the street towards you and they say oh. chris d'elia can i get a picture you got to. come you gotta come. you gonna come on my side. what are we doing we taking a picture in the middle. of street are you coming back. to my side or am i going. back to where i came from. one time a girl goes like this. while it's happening we're both doing. it like this walking this. way to each other and just uh chris. d'elia can i get a picture i say sure you coming to. my side and she goes. uh and keeps walking how you i'm not worth. it then don't ask use your brain. it's located four feet above. your getaway sticks and walk. with me people ask. for pictures and their phones. not charged ah you know. it is what it is and also also i want you. to know if you do ask for a picture. i do love ya. and i do appreciate the support. i really do i really do every person. who ever listened to. my comedy or ever listened. to the podcast or ever. told their friend about me. that man you guys are awesome. you know do a lot. of jokes and up. here and i around and i'm silly. all the time but that means. a lot man i love it. i love it it's coolest. it really is being a comedian. that tours and has been people show. up like i think about all. the time how lucky and fortunate i am. and how cool it is and it just makes me. want to work harder and reach more people and you know. i'm doing another tour. now it's just i try. to get to the cities i go. to the city dude. i go to the cities. i don't want to. go to man. i do that because i want to. i want to. i know there's people there. that you know ask me. to come and so like i'm going. to boise i i'm gonna boise. do it i don't i never wanted. to go to boise. uh no knock on boise. i'm sure it's great. i just like i'm going because look i'm going. because i could have went it. somewhere else but i want to. go there because i've never been there. and in others people there. that want to. see me and i like to. do that i like and i cuz i and i do that. and yes i'm making money and this. is my job but i do that. so i can because i because i want to. reach i want to. i want the people don't want to. see me to. come see me. there too anyway um that's what's up. what is this here this. thing is that funny alright twitter questions. chin from taiwan at. chin from taiwan it's funny. name there is so much. going on here the name. of the crimes the mug shot city. of multan police five nine. barry larry terry that's his name. because they're three first names. unlawful possession of a wild raccoon no head like paws. bicycle and the guy's face. does he have shoulders or does. his neck just keep going. we got to show. this in the video podcast. this guy was arrested. for unlawful possession of a wild. raccoon wow wow oh let's do it. we haven't before we'd finish that. we have an older right. elder we've got a new elder we have last one. we were last elder we have. i think i'm gonna go to. his podcast sue and bryan. bryan callen i'm gonna give him his pin. he's an elder i'm gonna personally give it to. him so thanks thanks bryan. callen for being such a good. listener for our podcast but this is the next elder. and man or woman it's a guy. i think taylor p at tlp. 3 4 2 4 crazy change. it went back through episodes. to compile this this is why. he he has it because he went back. he went back through episodes. to compiled comprehensive list compiled. a comprehensive list of all things cuda. and you can check him. out but we will dm you the the details. you are an elder now. and you're invited to. the log cabin when we get it. also we're going to. let another person that supports me tremendously. that is a great guy. and loves my podcast and loves my comedy. and looks up to. me brendan schaub becomes an elder. today so i'm gonna give him. his pin to. when i go do the the fighter. and the kid next time. bryan callen and brendon shop you can congratulate brendan shaw for becoming an elder on on for congratulations so anyway what else we got here so here's a good question valerie smith at sea crow we'll be lady cecropia lady is that i don't know anyway what clothes did you bring to. canada in anticipation of the weather there so i wanted to. bring my heaviest jacket but i didn't i just brought a hoodie. i brought a real spicy. hoodie that had a camouflage on. it was a champion hoodie. hoodie and it was spicy. ship and i wore it the whole time. and it's probably very dirty but whatever. i don't get i don't really smell. all that bad i never really. smelled bad but the eye. so i brought this spiciest. hoodie dude i was lighting it up. walking everywhere the snow. was melting it was so goddamn spicy. but and then i had this aviator jack aviator jacket or whatever. the they call him. and on top of it. now i really went outside. cuz i'm not gonna go my mom. was like bring a scarf. bring mittens bring your muff so my mom. i'm not gonna go outside. i'm not gonna do all the you know. bring boots bring socks. you got to double. up make sure you wear two pants. no i'm just gonna but i've walked a minute. i was outside for at the most i was outside. it was maybe a minute. and it was a riot at the time. where you start getting pissed. off so i brought that and pants. and that's it and my jordans that's about it. moondog at i am the moon. dog hey at cresselia what are your thoughts. on dog shows i mean this. guy's got a moon dog this. guy loves dog shows obviously. or maybe not but one. of my thoughts on dog. shows i mean it's the richest. whitest stupidest in the world. you got a dog it. looks fine guess what it's either. cute or not that's it. it's a dog pedigree is a beautiful cool. give it a treat put it on a goddamn leash. don't walk it around. like a in a field. where people are clap. in and guess what those. african dogs they're all ugly. take that out of the category poodles. with it all done. nice the out of here. so gross some of those or you know. a lot of people think oh yeah. what are those frenchie with the smashed in faces i can't. look at those dogs without thinking how miserable they must be. they were bred to. breathe up because they look cute. pugs and just always sitting around. like like they're getting choked on their own. face gross the thing wants. to die breed them better. jessie's i barth that dr. underscore. feel good no i will not. rest until act crystal your comments. on planet fitness is lunk. alarm first of all what the i'm looking at the photo. here lunk alarm lunk. noun slang one who grunts. drops weights or judges rick. and then it here's ricky is. slamming his weights wearing. a bodybuilding tank top and drinking. out a gallon out of a gallon water. jug what a lunk alright alright planet. fitness planet fitness you know planet lunk alarm and then they hit the lunk alarm it's like a thing that you can press. i would like it if i only would think this. is okay if you could hit it. and it goes ahh bar. and people in uniforms come. and remove you we have. another lung we need to. we need we need gas. your belongings you need to. leave we'll get your has water. i hate when people break. i've talked about this before. when you people i've got a gallon jugs. working out like bring a bottle bring a bottle or bring one. of those you know but where does it. stop though the making it nice. making the making the the environment. having to think about it. like i saw vegan. four periods they have vegan. cups where you just it's reusable. you put it in your how do i say a politically. correct hatchet wound you put it in. your fried butterfly and you what you bleed. in it out of your walled. up used never mind. so gross and and you bleed. in it and then when you bleed. in it you empty. it and you wash it. out i mean you put it back. where does it stop huh. this blood coming out ship. bottom how about this instead of that. dhoni don't eat meat. or don't or we bring a fork. to a restaurant or some herb you. know don't use a plastic. fork or whatever where does it. stop that's the same thing as the old. grandpa this handkerchief and then blowing his nose. in the handkerchief and then putting it in the pocket. ah you got snot in your blazer. now i'll wash it. i'll wash it later and then use it. again use a kleenex use. neck's you know that's you. know what's grosser than that. one thing one things grosser than that. one thing and one thing. only i could ask him. how he wants each cut. of his body to. be done and label. it for him with a black marker. yum dude it's funny. out of context but it is not funny. in context if you think about it. jesus christ going to. hell uh whatever you're all. coming with me all right. all right that's i think that's it. that's good for today yeah. all right you guys was. a great one there was a long. one we had some ads. here so i was good thanks. for sticking with me you guys. what's up first of all. get the chris d'elia app if you got it or not got to. do that i put other on there. that i don't put any other places. any other places on social media. so but this is the thing. for the first leg of the new tour. announced today follow the leader. the tickets go on sale. to the general public on friday. on friday buy tickets on chris. d'elia calm i'm going to. tallahassee orlando charleston pittsburgh dayton huntsville nashville. denver boise cleveland and i'm adding other. ones subscribe to. the youtube channel and rate and review the show it. really helps if you are a true. baby it really helps. us do that you know. because i'm not gonna do this. if i keep it it doesn't keep growing. that's what happens with businesses. and cults the same thing. if it's not grown if you're not growing. you're dying watch my specials on netflix. and video episodes go up tuesday's. or wednesday so be on the lookout. for that square cache have you switched. yet download the free square cash app into. rewards code congrats get $5 give $5. times up and get it for ios or android now. and blue apron check out. this with menu. and get your $30 off with free shipping. at blue apron [music]. [music] 