 [music] runk dude. welcome dudes and chicks no i should say men. and women males and females. welcome to the new episode. of [music] congratulations i leave the country. for 13 days 13 days. i leave i leave the 13. i leave the country for i leave the 13 i already. messed it up real bad. listen i am so jet. lagged i just landed i. just landed from new zealand. and i was in australia. i was in perth. i was in adelaide brisbane. uh uh melbourne sydney and then i went to. auckland new zealand now let me tell you something dude i was there for 13 days. when i left everything was. not fine and then it got way. worse okay look the pre the the the the president. the former president got studded up. the former president got almost his wig. pushed back dude and that's crazy. okay we don't condone violence. here at the congratulations. podcast uh and then the the president. the sitting president even though. he's a hologram and isn't actually the president. because donald trump is still the president. because it's a hologram that joe. biden is a hologram. or someone in a mask. he dropped out and i'm just like what dude. my commentary on that. is just like what come on. dude so now i'm like okay. so this c this. sitting president who's not even the president. president because it's a hologram. or somebody with the mask. on is not going to. be doing the presidency and then this former president. got studed up i mean. the guy got sh. sh the guy got shot dude. that's crazy uh and you know. now here i am johnny. comes lately johnny comes late. to the news but it's like i can't. now i'm like the kind of guy. who like i'm too late. because i i banked all these episodes. and you're going to. go shoot the the the former president. and have the guy drop out. the president drop out and now i i got to. do something and i got to. talk about stuff that's like current and it's like that. happened two weeks ago. so i'm just like world. will you wait up for. me dude the boy goes to. australia and then the boy goes to. new zealand and then oh hell breaks. loose uh but we have nobody seen joe biden in like 10. days so now he's definitely i don't. know man we we don't know what's going. on but i don't want to. get too political but it it's crazy. we do not condone violence. we think violence is. crazy bad uh it's basically like racism. it's just so bad um and slavery and violence. is right up there with slavery. and uh racism and um you know. biochemical warfare it's all bad. and we shouldn't do it. don't be them don't be shooting president. dude but i will tell you this. much i am but and you know. the guy who did it. the tim uh anthony michael crooks. or whatever his name is i he he michael taylor. johnson what the [ __ ] is his name. i don't know he could he look. more like a hey it's that. guy you know before he went oh that's the guy. you got to watch. out for oh no but look at his face i had the hair length the color. of his skin not. that he's white that he's pasty. white he's translucent. the mouth is too small. for his face that guy's obviously. a guy that's going. to shoot the that's going. to try to. shoot the pres so let's let's go. ahead and wrap him up. there oh he's climbing. on the building let's get him. down hey he just brought a ladder. to a convention. get him out of here. what do you bring an ak. and a ladder get him. out of here is his mouth. too small get him. out is his hair too weird. get him out is he translucent. get him out hey who's climbing. up the ladder can't see him. cuz he's translucent get him. out dude hey two things you should go to. jail for if you buy them. an ak47 and a ladder. together you're only doing bad things. with them okay listen dude. get him out so they studed. him up instead of him. stutting the president. up so they split. his wig they pushed his wig. back instead of him pushing. the president's wig back. so it's like you know so now he's in uh hell because that's were people. who shoot people go to. and he's doing all of his stuff. burning up you know building. walls and digging you know. whatever he's doing for satan. and it's like these people need to. think dude you're g to. go to hell don't try. to shoot presidents you're going to. go to hell man somebody's trying to. absolutely [ __ ] his small mouth. with their red demon. penis dude and it's bad. it's bad it's bad all around. it's except for the demon. um but yeah the whole country. is you know it's not it. doesn't get any better. you know i ris i i talk. about this a little bit in my act. but i risk myself you know i'm 44. i risk sound i risk. sounding like the old guy. who's just like ah this everything's going. to [ __ ] you know our our uh our our uh our our country's you know losing its mind. because that's what everybody. says about the new generation. coming into the world. that's just like oh they're ruining it. and we're all still here we're all still still. chilling and yeah is stress level high is anxiety high am i watching gutfeld yeah but it's just like you know it gets it gets wild and still you think about it dayto. day and as long as you don't have to. go to the grocery. store because groceries. are so so so expensive. you go like this i guess. i'll just chill and see what happens. you really do dude. yes it sucks some people can't pay. for the medical bills or. whatever it's hard to. get you know a house. but when you really come down. to the day and day the day. to dat of it. the day the day the day. to day of it. i don't know i guess. what i'm trying to say. is we're all i'm a nihilist. we're [ __ ] and uh it's crazy that they tried to. shoot trump it is crazy. they tried to. shoot trump and what is even crazier. is that there are people. saying it was staged dude. there are smart people in my life. saying well you know it's staged. excuse me for sounding. like an indian chief. but how hey how okay how is it. staged okay what who what's staged. hey either uh the democrats tried. to do it okay. that's wild it's a wild. accusation or trump set it. up this is what a lot. of democrats are saying trump. set it up so he would have sympathy. dude 130 yards out try to. sh hey 130 here's the thing. i want to. gain sympathy sympathy for myself. 100 30 yards out shoot. my right ear hey hey dude the translucent. smallmouth guy hey hey hey i need somebody to. shoot my right ear 130 yards. out find a translucent. guy with a mullet and a and a mouth. that's too small can you. yes does he have a ladder. no but he can get one. let's do it up i mean. dude or or or completely missed. and then goes down. wiping ketchup on his hand. gets up i think it's crazy. trump went black power right. after that um what if after that he did. the nazi one that could you bro. i i wonder how many people after that. happened just go like this. okay my m vote for trump. i i i just it's so i don't it. this is you know this. is a political i'm really politically. minded these days you know i really have an agenda. to push my agenda. is don't vote and uh everyone's lying. anyway um but anyway i'm just like okay. so now so now you know you one. thing i knew was going. to happen after trump. got hit with that with the with the with the with the with the bullet. it and had the little pampers. on his ear i knew everyone was people were going to. be wearing that to. the conventions now i would if i was going. to that convention. i'd be having two pampers. on my ears like that i'd be looking like princess. leia princess hurt leia and um this is not oh there we go uh it's a wild. time to be alive dude. it's a wild time to. be alive san diego i'll be in san diego. uh next this weekend the 26 27th. at the la factory memphis tennessee. august 10th dallas august 16th witch. then we're to. witchita kansas uh august 17th. oxnard california got some dates mcallen. texas and bowmont texas and then we have a bunch of different. ones uh so go to. chris lea dot com to. get ti thunderbay ontario some. place called sudsbury for sudbury for some reason. what is it um sudbury yeah fake place. we're going uh and sou. falls been there before let's do. it dude i would never lie. about where i'm going. to so um a bunch of things. happened right and that's a bunch of also i was how about this i was in australia. dude and i stand. by this 100% first of all a australia is like you go to. sleep and dream of america. and that's the end of it. there's things that are a little different. like you drive on. the other side of the road. and burger king is called. hungry jacks trademark was taken. just don't have it in australia. you know hungry jacks dude. um but they they it's called hungry. jacks the guy was like yeah. because the tradem mark they had the trad mark so they couldn't do it. so they just called it hungry. jacks oh yeah yeah and then i went to. new zealand and they had burger. king so only in australia. do they not have burger. king looks just like burger. king but it's called hungry. jacks dude burger king is the [ __ ] that that name they really nailed it with that name burger. king and hungry jacks. is very bad you know. why couldn't they just do you know. beef king or something or like cheeseburger king [ __ ] that's better. than hungry jacks but anyway. um i don't uh i had so we did shows. in first one was perth. perth is too far from. anything yay welcome to. the game show too far from. anything where the answer is. always per yes. ding you win ding ding. ding ding dude h perth. is so far from everywhere. it's so far from even australia. yes it's on the left. side the west side. of australia it's a city. in australia called perth. that's not around other cities. y dude and it takes four hours. to get there from any other place. and australia dude so here's the deal. if you're gonna do an australian tour. which you won't because you're just a person. you're not a touring comedian or a rockstar. okay listening to this. don't travel from america. straight to perth it is 31. hours bro the first i didn't know it. was okay the first flight. was 12 hours now i've done. it before i had a whole bit. on it in the comedians world. netflix go watch it. okay i had done it. before i'm good now i don't take medications. you know this about me. i take my prozac. you know i take medication. i take my prozac. and i take my um faster. ride because somebody tricked. me into taking it once. i don't know but now my hair's. still here so i just keep taking it. right that's for that's basically propa. but i take it just in case. my hair is fine. but we'll see right. now i can't stop taking because it's you know. they say that whole thing. about propia they're like well yeah but you can't. stop taking you stop taking it then. all your hair falls out. and it probably doesn't okay. and and and and uh if i do go bald. i'm not getting hair surgery. so that's it that's it. when i go bald. that's it that's it it's over. at maybe i'll cut you know. take pubes off and maybe i can like just kind of like hot. glue them on my head. uh just different hair in the front you know. and um just long flowing in the back. and different in the front is. he deleted lately yeah. he's got different hair. in the front yeah oh yeah. yeah it smells like a [ __ ] um so what was i talking. about wow i have no idea. uh i was in perth. uh oh yeah i took the first flight. i i took a oh [ __ ] he went to. zy island he didn't. mean to but he but he had it. so he did it and he's like you know. what i'm not going to. stay up i'm going they you. fly at 10: p.m. and they say like you. know you get up in the air. and i'm already pretty tired. they're like would you like dinner. and i was like can you can i actually. hold it for a bit. they're like well this is dinner. time and i was like all right. just give it to. me man i'll eat it. real quick and i ate it then. i took a zany dude. not sleeping wake up. every 3 every every little bit. oh i'm not sleeping well. i'm not sleeping well am i i. w then i wake up. wake up he slept. for eight freaking hours dude. had no idea dude i had no. idea and then i woke up and i watched. kong versus godzilla dude what a day. you know what i mean. wake up bright and early. watch kong versus godzilla sucks. donkey balls dude hey the the the the the kong versus godzilla [ __ ] is so bad they're in the middle of earth um kind of kind of kind of cool. but no dude you're not g. to get me with that okay. now i watched it it's a great. movie to watch on the plane. okay landed 12 hours now. i'm in auckland which sounds like it's the last. part it sounds like there. needs to be another letter. in the front of that. city by the way it should be called. like you know suland or something or gawand or cockland. fauland and uh so then they then my the uh i they say did i meet up. with the tour manager. no then they say uh all right. you got a uh seven you gotta you got to. get on you got to. go to perth. now from auckland now i know perth. is on the west side of australia. because i'm knowledgeable i know. geography i know it very well all right. but i don't know how long perth. is from auckland i asked. the flight attendant when i board the next. plane 7 and 1/2 franking. hours dude the flight's too. long t we catch up. with someone who goes on. a flight that's too long. he goes to new zealand. he goes from new he goes. from los angeles to. new zealand and then he goes all. the way to perth. now what he doesn't know. is uh it's it's it's it's 12. and a half hours and then it's 7 and 1. half hours dude with a five hour. layover 5 hour layover let's just do the math. let's see let's just do the 12. and a half 5 hours. h okay that's 7 and half. h so 17 and a half h. and then another half h. so that's 18+ 7 so h. that's okay so but he started on a travel day. he starts going 3 hours early. to the airport cuz he got to. go to tom bradley so hm. so i had 3 hours so hm so. it's 28 so then 3 hours. to get home after that h. so about over 30 hours he traveled. dude and i'm just like so the flight. to perth dude from auckland first of all. i flew first class. okay obviously because you know. okay when i went to. auckland it was a lay down. bed dude they don't even [ __ ] around. you don't even hit the button and have the thing. go back they they go. let me know when you want us. to make your bed. when when you're going to. go to bed let us. know we'll come make it and i'm like okay. bring the dinner home bring the dinner. house it down stand up. hey bo bo. hey hiy how's it going. can you do my bed. thing sure why don't you get up. for a second i get up. go to the bathroom. come back it's like they brought out a lamp dude. it's like wild they they unfold. a m where do they keep it. where is it where do they keep it. they bring out a mattress dude. it's laid on your seat. flat two pillows dude. i go oh zy island. sleep for eight and then dude. and then i i get bro. it was awesome all right. wake up fresh needed to. brush my teeth they had it. for me i go yo. i'm living the life man. so land then get to. birth then they sat me on a shitty plane for seven and a half hours and i had to. sit up and i watched. this movie called tar. you seen it oh dude. now let me tell you something. man cap blanchet all right. or whatever you want to. say if you're if you're a dick. you if you're a [ __ ] you could say kate blanchett. but we say kate. blanchett here at congratulations. i watch this movie tar. cuz this is a movie that. i go like this it's a plain. movie you know why it's a play. movie you know what play movie is you turn. it on you go like this. this is the best thing. about this movie i could turn it. off whenever i want and turn on something. else whenever i want because it's the plane. so i turn it on and i am immediately. arrested by kate blanchett's freaking performance dude. she plays a conductor now here's the thing. boring movies to. me are the best movies. period there are no better movies than boring. movies okay none none none dude. my favorite director is my favorite i always say. my favorite director is david lynch but my favorite director is john cassavetes. well you know what you watch. david lynch movies some of his. [ __ ] is real boring if you watch john cetti's movies they are so boring they are my favorite movies. i've ever seen i love them. so much i can't even believe them. okay now you watch some foreign. movies they're boring as [ __ ] now you watch them look i i'd argue say kate blanchet she's kind of a boring. actress and that's fine. dude you know who's the real. boring actor tom hanks he's awesome. you ever see him. in sully he literally plays a boring guy and you're just like this. amazing okay hey the movie sully sucks and it's great all right it's so boring it's about a guy who landed a plane so what all right so i'm watching tar oh a movie about a conductor and kate blanchett hey dude i can't even name a movie kate planchets in and guess what seen all of them you know what i'm saying she's one of those actors okay so i watched the movie tar it's about a [ __ ] dude it's about uh a conductor and it's boring and it's two and a half. hours so i go like this. oh uh there were two and a two hours. and 20 38 minutes left. on the flight thear is 2. hours and 39 minutes. i go let's do it. let's do it let's [ __ ] do it and the movie's. about me too so it's going. to trigger me let's do it. so i watched the movie dude. cap lanett is so good in that. movie and she was nominated she maybe should have won. but dude she's a conductor in that. movie and she's so boring and she talks. about boring [ __ ] and the movie is so boring and i loved it dude. whoa dude she's talking about conducting like how i talk about either. standup or making love with my. wife it's great dude. she's doing stuff like you know. cuz when you got the the right. hand does the motion then the d dude. i'm just like plet what can i say. and she put a lesbian and she was. so hot but it's all good. dude anyway i landed in perth. perth show was fraking amazing. perth might have been the one i go. i got on stage. at perth i i like this. the one to beat sold. out at perth did it. then we did brisbane did two. shows from brisbane did adelaide adelaide. was man hey i know some people listen. to the podcast from adelade hey guys what are you. guy came up to. me at the meeting with one. eye and it wasn't even like his other eye. fell out it was like nah. god just decided not to. make it you know. some guy and another guy in adelaide. came up and he was like dude. i'm such a big fan. thank you so much. thank you for for coming. ad i can't believe you me. adelaide then he left. then he came back and he said my brother. made you this box and handed me a wooden box. and i said oh really and he said yep. he wanted you to. have it i said okay. cool and i opened it up. and there was nothing in there. and it was just a wooden. box i said said your brother. make stuff he saids no swear. to god said oh okay. thanks so that's the thing. i was so jettied i forgot. my act on stage i had to. look it up on youtube. they were with me it. was funny we were laughing. um so yeah so i was in australia. and new zealand new zealand. is i was at a casino you. know i won like 1,000 bucks. at in new zealand. and i was like oh hell yeah. cool i i left and i went to. exchange it it was like 500. you know so god casinos really bring out. the weirdest people and then also asians you know. like for every 25. asians in a casino there's somebody with one. arm and they're using that. one to dude. what is uh i just my wife. joined me halfway through she joined. me in melbourne mel mel you supposed. to say melbin but that's there's an r. in it you know. uh and everyone would kept talking about. i when you get when you get there. it's so cold everyone was saying. it's so cold it was just straight. up not cold so figure that. out um shout out to. ali the tour manager. out there that hooked me all up with everything. absolutely awesome uh shout out to. nicola who took me to. his restaurants um uh he came to. the show and it was awesome. shout out to the sushi. mango guys who came out to. the show those guys are nice as [ __ ] uh and very funny and big big big in australia. these guys are huge in australia. um ban you. know they're uh they're australian italians. and they uh they play these arenas over. in australia uh they sell like 45,000. tickets like a weekend it's it's insane. they're insane they're great uh and they couldn't it. couldn't happen to nicer. guys and right there co. shout out to cody smith mc. who came out to. the show a buddy of mine. um is oscar nominated lost to. the de guy go. figure you know how it goes and um whatever that year. was and then uh well who else it. was just fun man. my tour manager bro. he wore so much. cologne and he's also iranian so. i'm like okay of course he wears so much cologne. because iranians just can't stop with the cologne. you know like one pump is 10. pumps like hey you know. what an iranian has never done. this if if if one persian saw an iranian. do that or vice versa. they go like this what are you doing. why not more why. not more this this is my impression. of of an of an iranian. or a persan watching a persian. iranian whatever [music] here's and then here's my impression why not more hey look here's my impression of a of a of a persian here my impression of a person [ __ ] this the other one why not more dude i can't believe so so okay so here's the deal dude so and whatever it's so here's let me just tell you guys okay people in the middle east who douse with cologne all right and for some reason it's a middle eastern thing i don't i i don't know why i i don't know why it's a thing in the middle east where you go like this with with with fahrenheit and then you get some hugo boss in here like the porns when the guys are real disrespectful with the mouth and and what is that in the porn when the guys are doing when she's when she's you know giv. the bjs and the gu just like yeah. yeah and then they stick. their hand in their it's like what. are you bro come on no no no no a chicken. and so um so uh i don't know what it. is but dude my tour. manager shows up and his smell shows up [ __ ] you know 90 minutes before because he's got so much per per oh call perfume and i had already dude i was such a a dick look i love the guy i love the guy we had he's actually one of my friends now so this was so funny though dude so he's so funny so we uh i get to. the airport going to. australia uh new zealand first. new zealand and then australia. per right and the guy behind the counter is like hey um you don't have your visa yet. and i go i almost i almost you know how like when somebody says something. and you realize that like something. is going to maybe be majorly [ __ ] right. you know what i'm saying there's a part. of me when i sense. that is about to. happen i just want to. go like this i give up i'm i'm going. home and just cancel everything. you know what i'm saying like i almost s like ah i just won't do. the whole australian tour [ __ ]. it i'm gna go home. right so i get there. the guy at the gate. the you know check in he says. don't have the id. don't or don't have the uh the the visa. the work visa whatever the [ __ ] he says you have your new zealand one you don't have the australian one so i call ali i've never talked to. him before i sayb buddy. i don't have the thing but i don't know. what's going on he starts. talking he's got this australian iranian. accent that i can't understand. and i'm like i i think i'll just cancel the whole. tour i'll go home sorry. thousands of people and they're like they explain. i could do a temporary one. but when i get there. the other one has to. come through so i got to. download this app i got to. fill something out i haven't filled. anything out since i was like 16. and then i go on the plane. i get there uh i don't almost miss the play. but flight but i'm there. way later than i want to. be you know i like to. get there like nine hours. early uh i land. and i get through everything. customs i get to the last. thing where they got to. check to check the bag. and they say give me the passport. and let me see the phone. and then let me see the uh all the stuff. in your bags they check my bags. they got the dog sniffing. in it you know. they got they they take my phone. they take my uh my passport. they leave and i'm just in my only my clothes and just waiting. they have my [ __ ] for 25. minutes and i'm just like this. with no phone just in australia. just i hope my wife. doesn't text me what and by the way. what if she does hey sorry. we're in australia checking your your your uh husband's phone chill you chill. mate you and so um they come back. and they're like well you know. your visa just came through a few hours. ago and if it didn't you. know we would have had to. turn you back and i go what. he says yeah he says so i suggest you try. to get this all done. a lot earlier a lot. earlier next time and i go. early dude so i was a bit shitty. to not i wasn't shitty. but my wife if she was next. to me hearing my phone. call she would be like you're [ __ ] being shitty so i'm like that like a woman would be like what are you doing but a guy would be like let him figure it out you know and so uh but in my head while i'm even doing that that argument on the phone i'm thinking like okay i'll be with this guy for two weeks he'll know i'm a nice guy i'm goingon to. make it up to. him but i got to. get this [ __ ] rage out dude i get there and i you know he's got the the cologne on and then the next day he's got the cologne on and we got to. take a flight the next day. too and on the plane. he and we're like in in an enclosed tube. so i get out of the plane. and i just fire. i'm like this is how i got to. deal i got to. [ __ ] i got to. do this this is how i real this. is how i find out. if we're going to. be friends or not me. me and olie i say what' you do jump. in a vattic cologne he says. oh w what and i said you what. the [ __ ] did you drink. it he's like what i only did. like three sprays on the plane. and i'm like bro then no this. is too much and then he starts. smiling and then we get in the car. and i was like yo you got to. go on the top you. got to go on. the roof tie him. to the roof and where he's laughing. and from then on dude. we had a good time. and and it was cool. and then he didn't even use. cologne the whole time and then i felt bad. kind of but uh it was was funny. he was so nice dude. i had such a good time. with him one cool dude. and denny came denny was awesome. all the stuff killed i said you know. there was one joke. where where i said tide one. of the things is tide where i say. tide the company that's detergent. you know and it gets a laugh. in america and it wasn't really getting. a laugh in australia. and i realized that i don't think tide is. all that big in australia. and i didn't change it. because i'm raw dude. and what you see is. what you get man. i didn't change it at all. so um that was it then i flew back. and dude just all right. i had to take a pee pe. break guys sorry about that. i love this guy dude. how about the fact. that can they make i saw this. one robot that they made of trump. and it like looked just like him. and he was just sitting there. doing his hand thing and i was like oh my god that's crazy. it looks so good we're [ __ ] and so um i started looking at robot. stuff was it what's that. boston what is dynamics boston dynamics and stuff. and then the robot here's the one. they were always doing [ __ ] like this like pushing them. and stuff such dicks. dude i'm just trying to. get to school guys guys guys guys please. please i'm i'm trying to. get the third period. that's what the robot is. saying that's what i wish. please please i'm trying to. get to third period look. look oh dude i wish imagine if it. just attacked one of them. see this what's going to. happen one day you're going. to keep doing this keep doing. it it's going to. study humans and what they do. how is it standing up. like that that's crazy oh dick. that guy has real problems that. guy pushed it hard dude. i i actually was thinking about this. like cuz billy is standing now and he's almost kind of walking. walking like a few steps here. and there and um i was thinking about how hard that. must be and then i was like hold. on we only use two legs. to stand we should have to. use three what the [ __ ] you can't. you need a tripod you want to. set a camera up you. need a tripod you can't have to. i guess it has to. do with our um balls. or our feet and the way. we distribute their weight. but it props to. us humans man anyway my son's figuring it. out um but yeah every time you see a a video of of robots. one of the main things you see is people. pushing the robot to. see if they can knock it down. and they're like look how good we can't. knock it down yeah dude. i cannot wait until the robot's. put in a just like a a a uh what do. you call it a montage of all. the different times we bullied. them and then and for this we will explode. you and just boo immediate lasers through. our heads because there's no way. that in ah [ __ ] it whatever at that point. i no it's going to. happen in a few years. i was going to. say at that point i'll be. dead anyway but no let's look at these okay. let's look at this uh misconnections. here uh i need landscaping down below lincoln heights dude. anytime it comes from heights you know it's going. to be so janky um it's not. a lot of work but i do have some grass. pulled not cut gross dude. dude i what bro i need landscaping down below then it's not a lot. of work but i do have some grass. pulled not cut oh he wants it. it's like a kink. like ouch like a like a pain. kink once it pulled. oh my god dude that's hilarious. my son does this. new thing where he pulls. out my chest hair and i'm like ow dude. and he laughs like hell and he pulls. my hair and just pulls my beard. hair here's another one any plans. and then it says any plans. for today no let me know. sad dude it just how is there still [ __ ] craigslist dude. are you going on craigslist. to die there's one reason. why you should go on. craigslist because it's your last few days there's no reason. to be on craigslist. what are you going to. get a [ __ ] tv get it some go to. it there's so many other craigslist. you're going to get murdered or [ __ ] unwantedly. um oh i love this. this person writes need release asap. from monrovia and then he says i'm a male that needs. release bad can you help. be close to. monrovia i well he needed it. quick then i wonder what the time. would you wait 45. minutes or would you release. yourself unreal dude. the these this just the depravity here we go. friend wanted and under that i am. a hispanic male i do. not speak spanish short. only 5'4 150 in my 50s looking to. make a friend to. hang out within my area. a female or male make out. friend would be nice but tell me. about your self or do not respond. i guess when you are on. craigslist you could just call the shots. cuz [ __ ] you could be 5'4 in your 50s 150. lbs as a man. and be like listen. don't waste my [ __ ] time cuz there's no no no no cost. uh it's no it's low. cost you're just posting something here's another one. banana nut bread wonder where this. is going lincoln height. so you know it's going. to be janky i love banana. nut bread i haven't had any for a long. time if you have a big. loaf i would love some i would i'll gobble a big loaf i mean is like a high coup dude if you have a big loaf i would love some i would i'll gobble a big loaf gobble dude hey let me tell you something there's nothing sexy about goblin hey gobble it oh gobble it up no way dude you ready to. gobble i mean you know. guys are so disrespectful. when it comes to. sex though a lot of guys like like that [ __ ] hey you know it. is what it is as long. as it's all consensual don't king. shame huh um all right. you guys that's it for the end. of this episode of congratulations. if you want the raw. uncut go to uh the patreon patreon. dot com christalia thank you. very much [music] [music]. congratulations congratulations conratulations 