 hey guys and welcome to. another episode of congratulations. [music] we're here and by we i usually. mean just me but this time. i mean us me and my wife. kristen she's here dude and we brought her. here because of first of all actually let me just since the thumbnail is going to. be popping and we're going to. get a lot of views. and it's going to. be absolutely we're going to. do stupid numbers uh let me go to. my tour first before we even. get into it. before we get into. it let's get some this. is what they do. in the radios they say. let's pay some bills so we're going. to go to the tour. section of my podcast. grand prairie coming for you. chrissalia dot com i'll be. there that's the dallas. play uh i'm doing it. there wichita kansas atlanta georgia washington dc. these are all the places. that i'm going to. be going and touring and [ __ ] chris leah dot com stockton california oakland. california bring your heaters uh peoria. illinois and every time i think of peoria. i think of that [ __ ] song. and peoria and new york. it's a little shop of horrors. did it didn't get the part. i wanted in high school. all good rockford illinois. raleigh north carolina which is. where she's from uh chrisley dot com. october 22nd to be in savannah. georgia then denver colorado november 5th. 2022 cheyenne wyoming boston massachusetts. we're doing two shows. at the wang you. boyfill seats in the [ __ ] upper east side. and uh albany new york. lakefront florida and jacksonville florida chrisley. dot com for tickets. and that's where we're going. and also uh let's play some let's play some bills. this just came out this. just came out today so go get your periwinkle. shits i got the shorts. on two which look really good i'm not. gonna stand up because it's too. cumbersome back here oh wait we got the shorts. here dude check that out these are for you. babe thank you life. rips you're welcome so grateful. um and then we got the hoodie. we got it going right. here with the hoodie. that's for you babe thank you. so grateful robot thank you um so. yeah so chrisley dot com. and go to. chrisley dot com to. get that periwinkle [ __ ] and i don't know if you know this babe because i'm high on fashion. and you're probably high on fashion. too but dude. the periwinkle shits that's the color. that's popping this summer oh. is it and i can't help. that but what i do. is i've been with the times right. i've been with the times and that's what. i did here they said periwinkle's. pop and [ __ ] and i go let me take a look. at the pedro winkle and they say okay. and they take a look. at the periwinkle and they say how does life rips. what and then i cut myself off and they say how does the puffy. print look and they go. we didn't even think about that. so we put the puffy. print on the left. rip [ __ ] and it's periwinkle. and whoopsie daisy we stuck with the times. but we're still keeping it. raw and real and uncut speaking of raw. my nose hurts like [ __ ] yeah yes dude but this is the reason. why i brought her on the podcast. okay i did surgery. i don't mean i did surgery. like i was the guy. who did it with the steady. hand like the doctor i went to. sergio as you could tell because of my nose. okay now i said i got a nose job. that's not entirely true. i mean i did get a job. on my nose sure. and it was a deviated. septum because i couldn't breathe. for a long time yeah and i didn't know that. okay um first of all give it. up for my beautiful wife. kristen now i didn't know i could breathe. not breathe that well. you were hiding it from me. because she didn't want me to. feel insecure about my snorings. yeah well it has to. be my fault no. it's no it's it's it's not your fault. this is me showing you. what a [ __ ] large heart. you have oh okay like when they say the grinch. uh hard uh it's two sizes. it grew two sizes. too big or whatever. how many sizes too small. is it who knows. you know because you've seen the [ __ ] thing so many times sure how many times is it a lot okay so don't know a specific number though. but but so that's your heart. normally right that's your heart. normally is at the end. with the grinch okay. and yours is the little bean. now i was going. to say that you took my slam boyfriend it's going. to be a selfslam you took that and that's unfair. because it's my show we'll be faster. all right so so we're gonna have her on because i don't remember this. i got i had a deviated. septum you were being very. sweet about it right. about not uh being shitty. about my snoring yeah and i talked to. the nose doctor yeah the ear nose. and throat the nt and he was like you probably. snore a lot right. and i was like you know what it's funny. she says i don't and then i look over. to you and she's like actually uh yeah you know. what i kind of you do. snore a lot because i just don't say. it because i don't want you. to feel bad yeah by the way. if you don't get good sleep. you die early so basically. you were contributing to. my early death yes nice well. i am agreed on. it with that okay i'm a heavy. sleeper to begin with but it's only when you would do. these um it it seemed like you were dying. you would go like in the middle. of the night and that you know. what i was dreaming. that was my love for you. it was a good thing. so much did you hear me. sometimes i would say that. when i wake up so much. though no i yeah i only heard the um scary. breath cool and then it would you would fall back. asleep and then you would snore pretty. heavily okay well you should have been on upfront. with that in the beginning. maybe i would have had some better. sleep we learned to. be upfront right okay do you want. me to tell you from now. on all the things that irritate me. no no no okay no no. no this is an hourlong show. so uh so so she's here because i got the surgery. and i and she was telling me. [ __ ] that went down that i did not remember because i was under no i had gotten general. anesthesia before for my leg. right because um on my knee. i got i got um uh what do you call. it i had a bucket. handle tear um what. do you call it meniscus meniscus. yeah and uh and i had the meniscus. and uh the doctor tells me to. put this on i'm not gonna have this. on i don't need it um we do our. own i prescribe my own. [ __ ] um yeah so um so yeah uh i mean last thing i want to. do is get blood on this. periwinkle [ __ ] but right wait what was i saying so i got the so anesthesia well this is good to. have you here yeah you remind me. of [ __ ] okay so anna sees. it so i got anesthesia. and i got on my leg. woke up and i was like smooth. sailing i don't know what was up with the anesthesia. i don't even know if they really did. it to me but like i woke. up and i was like i didn't feel. weird at all this time. some very weird [ __ ] went down i had no idea about that it was gonna be going down. and i don't remember it. and she does and that's why. i brought her on the podcast. because she's going to. tell you what the [ __ ] i did now i don't believe a lot. of this [ __ ] wow because you know i'm a real man. dude i'm i'm a [ __ ] i'm tough dude. okay well before you were even. on our way to. the hospital you were saying i will absolutely. remember everything i'm going to. wake up and remember every single thing. you wait and see and i said okay. okay well talk to. you later babe isn't that true. i don't even remember that. baby i don't even remember saying. that i i'm not saying i didn't say. that i'm saying maybe the anesthesia. was already in effect. in my mind i don't even remember what road. we were on okay. well don't say that people will know. where we live okay. um so so all right. well first of all let's just back. up even to let's we're going. to tell the story but that cup. is the most annoying cup i've ever. seen in the world now that mug right. there no i know i know i get it. dude i can't even make fun. of it i think because it's a lovely. thing so explain the [ __ ] cup first. of all it's taking up. too much screen the amount of like we're going. to put graphics in this. [ __ ] we're going to. put them over your face. because this it leaves. no room for the [ __ ] put them over your face we you gotta don't bite in the hand. right okay so what's the [ __ ] so just explain the [ __ ] cup it's so tall. and there's no explaining it's a it's a coffee. mug that i got at the tower. of london what was there. to say so cute. all right but it's so tall. dude you don't need it. that big it's like you might as well. be saying huzzah every time. you drink out of it. i like drinking my coffee. immediately so i put a lot. of milk in it. to cool it down. and so i need the extra little bit so. big dude you're one to. talk look at yours. it's off off to. the side though i'm good with it. like off to the side. also you could see through mine. you know what i mean. so we could switch. the cup we bought another mug in. case but we don't need to. do that so all right. so listen dude so i get to. the [ __ ] i get so i'm gonna get this thing i don't wanna i don't like i don't do drugs. right right i don't do drugs. i've taken a few trips. to any island and you know. i get nice with the vive ants. when i'm on a boat okay. yeah and that's four said yeah. i know she's like come on you. don't need to. be a dick to. my friends take some vivants. and i'm like i'm a five advanced boy. if we're going to. be doing something like go. to sea right if i got to. be really i'm going to. go to an amusement park. i'll snort vivants right. how many times did. i ask you to. drink on her oh in london. ten times i counted she asked. dude she's a pusher. dude i want him. to be not so square. like i think that broadening his his mind. opening himself up to. experiences that he has admittedly never done. on purpose i think it. would be really really good. for you honey wow dude. you seem like such a nice. person dude and that's so annoying. because you're a pusher. dude yeah you're a drug pusher. yeah dude i don't i get nice with it. on viva it's only because of you. you asked me to. do violence i was like all. right i'll do it i had a [ __ ] blast i think you might have given me ecstasy. but what came out of it. you had a great time. great time great story i did have a great. story all of my friends. were like who is this. charismatic charming man that. we've never met i'm good. with your friends man. he's i mean that seems like abc. check check check i know but it's just like what's next cocaine. no dude i can't wait with my nose. it's true all right dude. if you see me in a few. weeks and my teeth. are looking real ragged you know. she pushed meth on me. so listen um so i'm not good. with the drugs i didn't want to. do it i never really i never do. it and i i had to. do the uh uh anesthesia. they can't any time they go. local i'm like do just do it. local like my people are like oh yeah i got my my uh wisdom teeth. out and i said oh yeah did you get put under it. they go of course did. you i go [ __ ] no dude if the shit's lo i would have done it with my i almost did it with my neighbor you're saying local is in local anesthesia. yeah okay no in my house. i mean yeah so so the doctor was like in your knee i'm just going. to do it local. i'll put you on a little bit of a twilight. in an anesthesia. and i was like good i'm up. he put me out completely. because he thought i was going. to be he's like you seem too. nervous hmm something to. think about prequel that was the [ __ ] jar jar binks. episode of what has come in the star. wars franchise okay because what we. do now is we go. to the place now. i don't want to. do it i don't want to. get my [ __ ] my nose. done right but i have a deviated. septum and i'm going to. die early if i don't do this. okay it's dire even though. she's lying to me. she's saying i don't i don't snore. right i'm a liar. so so so i get to. the place and what what happens. why don't you go ahead. okay what point do you want. me to start. at well okay we get to. the place is that where you want. me to start. i get to the i got to. put the stuff on yeah. the what do they call. it very cute all right. and you said what i look. what undercover section alert no. okay but don't emasculate me. cutie alert all right dude. we don't we do all. right so what what do. i look like though you said strangely sexy. is how i look in it. yeah strangely sexy describe it please. for the audience genie tiny. legs huge broad shoulders. though very sexy and a hairnet okay but why strangely sexy because i don't mysterious handsome no but you said no this. is what i remember you see. you're using the anesthesia. it wasn't kicked in yet. i didn't use it. what you said was because you look so big. in it and it looks like unnatural. that you look strangely sexy. in it yes i did. say that okay and i stand. by it okay so i had to. hand it in too like i was a lunch. lady yeah all right so i looked like a trans. lunch lady so so i was in the thing. right and um i was very big and beefy. right and she puts the the doctor the anesthesiologist so the anesthesiologist is the doctor's wife. very sweet she comes. in so sweet and she puts. the iv in your hand. yeah and from the two. days prior you had been quite nervous. i said very nervous last. night and you stopped me. and you said i was nervous. wait wait wait like i was retelling. this to our friends. no mike and haley last night. and i said you were very nervous. and the day's leading up. and you said no just nervous. i was okay it wasn't very okay. was it kicking i'm clarifying okay. telling stories around you is the hardest. thing ever you're such a stickler for keeping you. accountable thank you okay. okay i wasn't shaking sure i was he wasn't shaking put a pin. in it okay he wasn't shaking i'm a man. and you described that that i look like a [ __ ] trade lunch. lady when i had the [ __ ] hair net on okay okay so she puts the iv in yes and he keeps asking her questions about the procedure to. a point where i knew that. he was getting nervous he was like is it. okay i i can't remember but he's getting. persecuted for it but okay. that's fine but he wants it. for johnny wants info. but they're gonna they're gonna put him on the cross but okay. go ahead that's fine. why don't i do this. while you tell the story the only reason. i'm even bringing it up. was because i could tell he was getting nervous. by the way that he was talking to. her now we dropped the extremely didn't. we because we realized the truth. go ahead you're right. because what happened next wasn't the most. extreme thing i've ever [ __ ] seen hurts when i left all good worth it. just the whole thing was like such a crystally. a surgery experience you know. so anyways she says why don't i give you a little something. to ease your nerves because i can tell that. you're nervous okay and you said nah. yeah i did and that's when i said uhoh. okay but what i did. in my mind was because you wanna. oh in your mind what i did. is i'm gonna get [ __ ] anyway i might as well just ride this out and experience it while i can sure because the doctor doesn't know best no no she does know best but you know what she doesn't know inside my mind. right right okay now i don't want her. telling me what she thinks i should be doing when i already. know what's happening inside my mind. now so deeper yes. of course deeper okay. you don't even really know what's going. on inside your mind. who does but i have a little bit. of a gist of what's going. on better than she does. so i say nah [ __ ] it i'll just you know she says okay cool right. so then what happens. the doctor comes in the surgeon. who's married to. the anesthesiologist right he comes. in here's mr jokes. a lot the guy jokes. all the time we should also preface it. with he's like the best. is the best country he's the best. so if i if i were in your shoes. i would have been like oh he's got this. whatever he's doing to. me obviously is the right. thing and i'm fine. and you were not really in that. head space you were more. in like a defensive who's [ __ ] with me. right now i'm a ceo. technically right okay so some of of my business. so someone's gonna come in and they're gonna tell me. how [ __ ] goes i get that. i'm in your business but also i'm a ceo. too okay yeah so it's more. of a meeting of the minds. than it is you tell me. what to do now. you're no offense not a ceo. so when you go in what do i do. ceo with me it's like when trump. met the [ __ ] guy from north korea oh maybe we shouldn't be doing this but let's work on some [ __ ] together right jesus christ. so i get there and the guy. is like the guy is like uh the doctor no. disrespect the doctor is like hey what's up. what are we doing so uh let's do it. let's lean back already joking. he jokes so much. and it's great he tries. to put people at ease. but for me i already joke. a lot and i want the real. facts right because i am nervous. now let's put a pin in it. not extremely not very but nervous. right anxious paranoid but he's so he. before we even go. in we're in the lazy boy. chair we're not even in the gurney. yet right sure um and i know you have to. get to your just just a virtual class. but i wanted her to. be here for this. story okay so because we're gonna do the regular episode. after this but i just you know. i wanted to so because she remembers. [ __ ] i don't you're kind of the one that's stringing this. along yeah i understand. it's a slam but it's fine. dude let's remember who show. it is all good okay. so it's kind of our show. now right no okay dude. no okay what's your yours. is mine no dude we didn't. that's what we value. we did not actually say that. in the vows we didn't. technically say those words that's true. so uh would you what's yours. is mine even the podcast so um. so [ __ ] so we're at the uh the thing so the guy says um okay so i'm gonna want you to. lean back he takes this very long steel. i mean how long is it. but how why does this. get the very it was long. wow dude okay like if if the other thing is not gonna get the very considering what happened afterwards. i think that this should not. get the very also i i really appreciate how you're how you're breaking. this down thank you but you're wrong. and i will tell you why. i really i really do appreciate you. and that's why i love you. right but it's wrong. it's wrong and i'll tell you why. because you have to. break it down for what it. is right is it. very long if you're uh you know going. to put it next to. a cadillac no the cadillac's longer. okay especially if it's from 1978. right nine seventy eight but those are long as [ __ ] one time my buddy dave meeting was trying to. walk and turn over he was he's walking. along a cadillac and it was parked and he was trying. to take a left and it was like taking so long he was like [ __ ] [ __ ] god damn it. and he hit his knee even though. he was watching that's how long it. was he took a left. and he's like god the [ __ ] day was so long i hit my knee and i was watching bro. we left so hard. we were outside of taco bell. and um a side note. on the side note i already. decided i know but side side. note i always wonder how we get these little um like carpet. fuzzies yeah right under you because i'm like he's sitting in a chair. how are these well yeah you like really are in it. yeah dude you're moving your feet. it's like a like an exercise. yeah i buck this. is like a peloton knock if you buck. okay yeah so do you remember that. song no give you buzz she does. so white knock if you buck. knock if you back everybody. down knock if few bucks. so um [music] ship. station i want to. talk to you about this. this company ship station. when you guys run. a business time seems more. precious every misplaced moment feels like. a missed opportunity. a lost chance to. make your business better or even. just to step away. and recharge which is important. too take it from me. shipstation gives ecommerce sellers like you more. time to do what they really. really love unless what you really love. is managing every single little detail of order. fulfillment yeah not me you know. uh shipstation automates time intensive shipping. processes so you can get back. to focusing on bigger things. like developing new products. honing your marketing strategy or interacting. with customers uh look shipstation is already trusted by. over 100 000 sellers uh and to. that kind of stuff i'm like no. duh because of how great it. is okay uh my favorite thing. about ship station uh is there. are less tasks. for my team which means that happy. fans are getting their merch. fast and faster than they would. be it's just great. it's a welldone machine it's a welloiled. machine thank you thanks to. ship station all those manual shipping. tasks eating up your time ship station is really good at those so let ship station handle all your shipping and handling and get back to. what you're good at growing. your business you get deeply. discounted shopping rates normally. reserved for fortune 500 companies so uh. that's you you're basically a fortune. 500 company uh it's time. to let go of all. those shipping tasks shipstation can. do it better and faster. sign up using promo code. congrats for a free 60day trial. today at shipstation dot com. and start saving time. with every shipment what do you have. to lose that's two whole months. of shipping made quick and painless. and it's free to. try just go to. shipstation dot com click on the microphone. at the top of the page. and type in congrats ship station make ship happen. [music] anyway so he is like uh so he takes a very long thing. for what it is dude. he takes an instrument that's going. to be used obviously on my body. right that's what it obviously. he's getting right the the thing. the thing that i said was very. long sure yes how long was it. do it with your fingers. baby i would like to. see memory is so fickle. oh but i remember do you though. yes i do because before what say. with me anesthesia you. didn't say women but you know. what i was gonna say. or it was before. what your panic attack listen. which means that you were already. fading mentally no i wasn't okay. do how long you think it. was with your with your hands. i mean there's no harm. in that it's like is this. a trick no it's not. a trick at all. so show that show the show. the crowd how long you think it. is okay now where am. i gonna take it it's like i'm showing how long your deck. is no it wouldn't be you have to. move your hand a little bit. closer to. me if you're going to. do that now i'll tell you this. the other hand [laughter]. so listen so listen. so listen do do how long you think it's because this is an experiment oh who's sho. hold on let me. who show is it let me. google i gotta google this. dude can we do the experiment please. let me do the experiment how long do you think the thing. was okay now your honor. what you're also your honor. by the way okay these are a lot. of rules what surgery. what was i getting was that. was the septoplasty okay and where is that. located in your nose and where and where is that located. on the body in your butt. ma'am this is not how it's gonna ma'am. let's do this again. and do it for real. okay where where is where is. the uh the guy where's he getting. what do you call. him the guy on the stand. accused defendant defender where's. the defendant um where is the defendant. uh getting us getting surgery. in his nose and where is that. nose on his face. okay and the face would reside in the head. right am i right so so uh how large is. the defendant's uh face including the nose quite. big uh ma your honor. mark dinosaur slam i think it's objection. okay yeah but not if it goes. [ __ ] crazy dude okay so listen dude let's do it can we not do can we do it just like we were in an actual courtroom please it's your turn so where was the surgery. in a hospital ma'am and in that. hospital where was the surgery. gonna get on his what on his. nose and where does the nose. reside on his face. and the face resides in. the head now how long is a pha. how long is a head how long is a head. front to back either. way ma'am top or bottom front i would honestly have no idea how to. calculate that but i would say. like seven or so inches. six or seven inches. okay now listen uh we're talking about. the client's uh face not as dick. mark that down please uh so uh uh my hands are hurting. ma'am please just further i know this is getting. shorter what's happening there. erosion now listen what we need to. do is uh mark this. down uh is this larger than a head. i want one answer. ma'am that would be fine. one answer is that larger than a. head equal ma'am is that larger than a head. yes thank you your honor. no further questions okay. now that we got to. the bottom of that right so it's long so what so would you say it's long for what it. is so if it's longer than what it. is going to be inside. of would you say it's longer. than it's long for what it. is what do i have. to say for this to. be over yes yes your honor. mark that down as it is. uh the exhibit is longer than what it. needs to be and it is. [laughter] so he so he pulls. it out so he pulls. it out and i see it. and i go whoa because it's too long. to be doing anything. in my where my surgery. is going and he what puts. it in my nostril. all the way in it's so long. i didn't know you could go so far. back i mean it's so far. back that i mean jesus. christ it's so far. back that i mean jesus. christ it's so far. back to jesus christ. yeah i agree so then i i go. oh and then i feel a release of ants that's what i feel. now i know that's not what happened. but that's what my experience was i feel. like he released 60 ants that's how i feel okay. then he goes and another one. other nostril i feel like he released. 60 more ants so now i feel like there. are 120 ants buzzing around. in my brain now you might be like but chris what did. he say he was going. to do and i would be like hey we're in the same. boat do you know. why because we're together do. you know why because we both. don't know and the doctor's the captain now. why didn't the captain tell us. what was going on when it feels. like 120 ants are. rummaging around in my brain. i think he was just trying. to put you at ease. and not worry you by saying. too much oh i should also preface this. this might be part of the reason. can't wait to. say i can't wait to. speak okay but that's fine. go ahead no no go ahead. okay his wife was trying. to tell you things about the surgery. and what was going. to happen proceeding right. after she was going. to give the iv. she was telling him. everything that was going. to happen leading up. to going into. the or and you said this. is making me nervous and she said. oh okay i won't tell you anymore. okay and he's talking about the surgery. she stuck with the surgery. she's talking about the surgery. she was talking about everything. leading up he didn't tell. me he was going. to [ __ ] blast dance in my brain. okay well yeah because no that's not he wasn't in. the room then yes got out of that. one he was in the room. yes got out of that. one yes dude but he was still doing. the surgery so she was still telling you. things that her husband was going. to be doing so it feels like 120. ants are in my brain. my my heart's going and i say hey i'm nervous as [ __ ] right. they got my heart on the monitor i said what's what's going. on and he said oh i i said what'd. you just do he said oh i just numbed you. up there and i said already and he said oh yeah. we do it beforehand and i say. oh my god it feels. so [ __ ] weird when you're inside your face. gets numb dude it feels. so [ __ ] weird when the inside of your face. gets numb i did not like it. it feels uncomfortable as [ __ ] it felt like my brain. was exploding so i say wanting some comfort did you did. you get my brain. and he said always and then internally. hold on hold on. he said always i my blood pressure. was so low dude. i said did he hit my brain. he he says always decided to. toss a joke on out. and i go like this. oh peace out bro. hey bro oh dude. hey that's about my limit. man i'll catch you on. the flip and i [ __ ] i didn't know i did this she said i started convulsing. i didn't know i passed out. until dude the guy goes always oh you want to. oh i know you're joking. but there's a part of me. that's also a little bit nervous. because you could poke through. couldn't you you could poke through. and hit the brain. but you're going to. take that and run. with it oh dude. real quick let me shut the door. on you peace out [music]. i mean your interpretation. of that is so amazing. what if i really did say peace. out to him. that would be so amazing. well you just said i don't. feel very good yes i don't feel very good and then i was like oh here. it comes and then you started fading. yeah it was like you were acting out. somebody having a seizure like it. just like how i did right. now yeah [ __ ] yeah and i was outside of my body it was like one of those moments where i was so stressed out that i kind of separated. myself it was like i was looking for astral. projections yeah i was just like what. is my husband dying yep. i thought but guess what i was thinking. is your husband dying i knew. you weren't oh i didn't my aunts were like we'll see. what's happening yeah yeah. yeah yeah yeah we're gonna kill. this [ __ ] yeah i thought i was dying i started thinking of calvin. i got sad you did. yeah i did dude. oh i really did i got sad. but then i don't remember [ __ ] after that yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well you fully passed out. your blood pressure dropped there. were some beeps because like your vitals were going. wow and the doctor and his wife were just both. like it's okay relax you're okay. you're okay you could have been saying okay. could've been trying to. sell me a refrigerator i have no idea and i was just like in the corner. ghost and then maybe 10 seconds. later you came to. and i was like all right. there we go and that. i do remember that because then she was like the nurse. was like all right you're okay. you're okay and she was like and also i gave you something. that's why you're starting. to feel better i said. cool good i remember i went. like this yeah because i that thank you. for doing that right she gave me a little something. well you said you started to. feel better like immediately it. was like all the stress. that you had been accumulating for those. couple of days just mounted in this. weird crazy pass. out thing and then almost immediately you were fine. after it was so funny. you walked yourself to. the or i did i remember that. yeah i remember taking the thing. and i remember he said get on the gurney. and he said lay down. and i laid the wrong. ways like no this. way i was like oops. and that's all i remember i remember as i was going. back i remember oh and i don't remember [ __ ] after that then i woke up and i don't remember this. why don't you take the reigns. this is why mainly why. i brought you on. the show to tell this. part so in the meantime. you had gone into. the or and the wife the anesthesiologist yes um she came to. me and she was like hey chris doesn't have an option. anymore because he the doctor really wanted you to. go to aftercare yes. to stay for a night. and she was like after that thing. he's absolutely going he doesn't have a choice. and i was like totally get that. that sounds like a good move. so i went home packed up. a little um like baby. suitcase for you came back to. the hospital regularsized man's. suitcase but yeah yeah right. around the time that you were getting. out it was like two hours. your surgery was an hour. and fifteen is what he's told me. but oh maybe i i mean who knows the whole. day is a blur but i walked in and i knew everything. was fine because there was music. on in the office and they were all. eating and like asking each other. what they were eating. so it's like everything went fine. obviously doctor comes in and he was like surgery. was beautiful 11 out of 10. went totally great. i was like oh thank god. and then he said um i'm going. to wait for him. to wake up and then you can go. back there because i have a feeling that. he's going to wake up. real crazy [laughter] and i said what do you mean. and he was like well he's just never done. drugs in his life and like he doesn't really know what it. feels like to be under this much anesthesia. and right as he was telling me. this i heard like that in the back. room and he was like oh god. he's waking up he's going. to be he jumped crazy. into the room and i went into. the part that i wasn't supposed. to be in this. like little hot yeah oh [ __ ] this little hallway and it sounded. like it sounded like a woolly mammoth was getting into. a fight it was like and they were all yelling. five doctors and nurses yelling. chris no chris lay down chris you're out. of surgery don't hate your nose. chris and you were trying. to take out the ivs. and fight all the doctors and nurses to. get out and i was like oh my god i mean. if like if i had to. guess what you would have been. like write all the money. just [music] yeah justin wild. it wild and oh wild. animal don't you know. what that goes to. show you dude it takes five [ __ ] people to. take me down it takes. five people to take me. down surgery man. dude that's cool that i did. that okay i apologize the next. day yeah you apologized. the day of actually yeah but i wanted to. do it with my wits. about me not under anesthesiology. so i went back and i was like dude. i'm really sorry he's like dude. there's nothing you do. about it like you know. it's not you and i was like i'm just really. sorry and then he was like i i had anesthesia. and i woke up and i was doing weird. [ __ ] too and i was like yeah but you didn't try to. [ __ ] like kill everybody i like literally was like i don't know what i don't remember it at all but i was like trying to. fight them physically dude it was the primal. noises like on both ends. because i have i don't think i've ever heard you. like that i've heard you cry. i keep the beast. inside yeah i've heard you cry. in like a really primal way but i've never heard that's actually let's that's hilarious. good joke yeah no i cry. but i don't cry primal. i let it out i go. ha and then i'm all good dude. yes that's it yeah she's acting like i'm here. [ __ ] hilarious glad okay. um but you were very primal. and your noise like the just you not. knowing where you were and you trying. to get up and get off of the table. and then the nurses and the doctors that were like oh [ __ ] he could take us down [music]. yeah it was wild. just like screaming and noises and moaning and a wild. wild scene there you go. yeah well that was the surgery. chronicles and uh now my nose is all stuffed up i blew. my nose lightly not supposed. to do it but i did. it a little bit well. and then you went to. aftercare and then you broke. out yeah i didn't want to. be there he didn't want. to be there so we broke him. out he said that the doctor gave him the okay. to go home and he did not and i [music]. yeah just a menace from start. to finish when they said. well you shouldn't leave you should get the okay. from your doctor and i say oh okay. i was gonna stay the night. and they said i mean. we technically can't keep you against your will and i go. oh really [music] me. out with the [ __ ] [music] [laughter] they actually didn't say that we can't keep you against your will you just said well they can't tell me what to. do they did say that. they did they did say. that no you got class. huh you got class. babe i know i love you. i love you and you made it out. yeah and you look great. and you know what i was very. surprised by and i'll tell your listeners this [ __ ] i don't know how this is which way i was so anticipating the last five. days to be like i was a nurse. i was like he's going. to be insufferable to. be around and asking me for stuff. crying in so much pain it's going. to be a wild. experience and you have been lovely. really lovely you've been a little moody [music]. you can't take me. that one knows run up uh sign up. what they call it. yeah you've been great. thanks only complaining a moderate that's all. the time we have oh okay. cool all right well yeah so that's that. thanks for telling the story that's it. or what i love you. oh okay well i love you. too but this isn't about that. this was a documentary. oh it was yeah okay this is the document that. stuff it's good we'll have that. kevin i'll see that later. i got a headache for my sinuses [ __ ] yeah dude got a headache from a sinuses i didn't take coding today. though my man my [ __ ] man that's not something to. say to that i didn't take cody. name my [ __ ] man um all right so yeah that's good now i can do the regular episode. thanks for telling my listeners. that was for like 40. minutes they're going to. love that wow yeah it's a long. time yeah i know it. flies by it does well. when there's two people when there's one sometimes that it moves. as a snail space all. right okay cool love you. uh see you in a little bit. on the flip catch you on the flip. have fun at class thank you babe. uh take your time getting out. okay take your time. getting out take some getting. out take time getting out take a big. big challenge take your chalice see. ya hell yeah dude [music] dude. so that's what we do. so now i have a different nose. dude and it's different. now and it's all good. but it's it's fine. should i move this. should we cut and should i move. this [ __ ] or what it doesn't really matter nothing really matters. to me hey guys we're back. dude i had to. pee and uh all that dude. it's good man we're good that. was fun i can't believe i don't remember. that [ __ ] it is crazy. that that that that that's what i don't. like i never like being on drugs. or like under any sort of influence. like ever since i used to. watch those old batman tv. shows with adam west when they would reshow them in the 80s. um that like when when uh the penguin. and like joker made people like laugh. or pass out or like laugh. and gas that should freak. me out man i think it's all from that for real. uh which is insane. that that could really affect. someone just from childhood. like that but yeah man. uh i don't like that even. with the like the pain. pills i took the pain. pills because like i'm slowly. kind of like being better. about not being so hardlined you know. uh so i took coding uh for the nose it. really hurt man it really. [ __ ] hurts i don't know i saw so many like um uh youtube videos like i watched them do the uh surgeries on youtube. and do the it is absolutely. insane and everyone has different [ __ ] opinions on it like some people are like yeah like there's one guy who did a surgery came out after surgery and he was like they didn't put packing in my nose and he went home and he was chilling no blood his nose didn't look swollen i'm like this is just a little is he just lying did he not get surgery and he was like day two i'm pretty chill been [ __ ] all day like dude it's crazy they say not supposed to. [ __ ] for two weeks afterwards. uh so um yeah and then some people are like it took. a total of six months. for me to breathe. again and i'm like oh for [ __ ] sake nobody told me. that so apparently my nose could be swollen for six months. but uh yeah man they cut into. the middle part the the septum. and they it's it's curved like mine. is curved so because i can't breathe. out of the right. nostril i can breathe. here i can't breathe. here because this blocks it. right such a good diagram. and uh he takes this out takes out. the septum and then cuts. it up and then puts it together. straight and then puts it back. in the nose and it's apparently they say it's a minor. surgery but it hurts. so much because it's in your [ __ ] head in your face. so the pain is all. right here and it's just like come. on dude this is like yeah. okay but it's going. to hurt this one so come on like i can't even do a high note. like oh when i go do n. or m or p dude. my [ __ ] hurts so bad and my sunglasses fell on it like on the top. part and i go like this. oh i'm going to. pull over i'll pull over i just sat. there okay oh it's going. to hurt this much i was going. this much just gonna hurt. this small almost like this one up on my head oh these are lightweight oh these are paperweight i was gonna do this much okay hurts so much. dude um so anyway uh it's gonna be good i slowly. blew my nose i'm not supposed. to you're not supposed to. blow your nose for like a [ __ ] three weeks. or some [ __ ] i slowly. blew it i took tweezers and also qtips got the gunk. out it's gross. but so worth it. cause now i can breathe. and i still got the stents. in there when it takes the stencil dude. i'm gonna breathe like i got i'm gonna breathe. like i got a hole. just a [ __ ] straight up hole. in the middle of my face. i can't wait uh so yeah. uh but yeah i took that coating i took it for five. four days i didn't take it. today uh i took it for four. days and i think that that felt man. i felt weird after anesthesia. for like four days uh but then felt uh now today i kind of feel normal. i did lifeline uh yesterday. was it yesterday was that. yesterday saturday two days ago. i felt really weird. doing lifeline i was doing life. on the middle life and i felt like i was gonna pass. out but that episode is up you could go to. super cult studios subscribe to. the channel super cult um and uh yeah and uh and i did that. episode and i almost passed out. in the middle of it. because of uh just being so out of it. man it really [ __ ] you up it's bad for you right uh anesthesia. but i don't know uh that. guy uh tony cirico died. right uh from uh goodfellas. was it or was that. every mob movie probably he's in but he died. and i uh uh that that's paulie. walnut oh that's from sopranos. right dude i thought he already died. this is i swear to. god this is one. of those uh what do they call. them the the the mandela effects. dude i swear to. god it's a mandela effect. who's with me he already died. he died now again. i thought he was already. it was like that move. the kazam shazam everyone thinks that [ __ ] it's shazam. with sinbad somebody with shaq though and it's a genie. and they call it. shazam uh or uh what's another one. of the mandela effect. that uh do you know. what the mandela effect. is fruit about what mandela. effect okay look mandela effect. false memories can sometimes. be shared by multiple people that is crazy. this phenomenon was dubbed. the mandela effect by. paranormal researcher fiona broome that's where you get lost the paranormal researcher uh fiona broome who reported having vivid and detailed memories of news coverage of south africa antiapartheid leader nelson mandela dying in prison there you go shimaharan tony him two equally great mans uh nelson mandela and the guy from the sopranos uh what are good examples of the mandela effect yeah yeah yeah a common example of the mandela effect relates to. curious george the children's book. character that first appeared in 1940's the book. and his lack of a tale. remember curious george is having a good. tale just that's a stupid one. it's just like you just don't think. of it that much and then you go. does it retail or not. you don't know don't do it. okay the berenstain bears. is a big one. uh huh i bet. i guess everybody just this. is just i don't like this. whole mandela effect really of what it. is is just like a bunch of people are wrong. about something that's what it. is it's not there's no effect. you're just a [ __ ] idiot you know like i thought this guy tony cyriko. died i'm wrong whoops no. mandela effect just not [ __ ] informed. that's what char um but yeah that. was weird when i heard he died. i'm like again uh i wonder is anybody else. with me leave leave in the comments. so i can ignore it. uh but uh this just just you know. it's got to. stop honestly the hot dog eating. competitions stop it's so disgusting. always they look so gross. and they're so redfaced and they're you know. what they're doing when they're doing it. dying they look like they're dying and then somebody tried to. protest out there they tried to. hold the sign out and protest something. that nobody even read and then that. [ __ ] joey chestnut. dude just choked them. out like how hilarious that you you didn't even compete. in the competition of hot. dog eating and you're the one. that choked you were just holding the sign. and joey chestnut. by the way worst name dude. is he in a boy. band do joey chestnut. is that hey joey chestnut. p.i need any certainty my services i'll get. to the bottom of it. joey chestnut that's not his real. name right it can't be if it's not his real. name why didn't he just name himself. joey hot dog yeah i'm gonna eat so many hot. dogs be the ultimate winner and then also my last name is [ __ ] a different food is that even a food. chestnut it's roasting on an open fire. eating so many hot dogs. at once eat like 60. hot dogs my only competition. is kibiashi oh joey what's the guy's name. kobayashi my only competition. is that guy kobayashi. or song of all time. joey chestnuts choking out protesters never choking myself. i eat hot dogs so clean. it's like i'm sucking the dicks. i'm basically sucking dicks this is lowkey homosexual it's actually. highkey homosexual because i'm eating phallic things. in the shape of dicks. also i changed my lame to. two words that technically are homosexual. if you think about it because the only thing that's more homosexual. than the word nut. is chest couple them together. chestnuts the gayest thing ever. [laughter] i'm so dizzy for my nose. surgery yeah yes dude he can't hold a note. without passing out but he does. it for you because he is a ceo. dude oh my nose. [ __ ] hurts how many black dudes outside of buildings. that don't go in the buildings. hand people cards and say that. they're ceos of something yes doing your nails. oh holy [ __ ] dude that's blacker than the cheeky. for real dude oh [ __ ] oh i'm so dizzy. dude oh my god dude. so many [ __ ] black dudes stand. outside of buildings and don't go into. buildings and hand people cards. that come out of the buildings. and say you know i'm a ceo. dude it's unreal dude. joey chestnuts roasting on an open fire. it's so gay i put things the size. of dicks in my face. over and over again the only word gayer than nut. is chest put them together. that's the gay singing. of the world nut. on my chest [laughter] oh. [ __ ] man oh [ __ ] i wish these hot dogs squirted come out of them anyway. dude is that like a picture of joey. chestnut he's looking is it so gross. [laughter] did they drink. water in the middle of that. oh god that's so gross. bro he looks so british. too he looks like he'd be in [ __ ] what's it called uh that was that movie. with train spotting oh you got dogs. we gotta go in we got a dro. that's a [ __ ] new that's how how much does [ __ ] joy. chestnut look like you being a guy richie. movie where they're trying to. rob a bunch of hot. dogs we're gonna go in we gotta get all the dogs. we gotta go in we gotta get all. the beef franks collect. them all in these [ __ ] buns eat them. before we leave there's a number of hot. dogs and we're gonna run out. uh anyway he's a champ dude. so disrespectful to. july 4th to have. that [ __ ] competition on july. 4th dude so disrespectful. so american but so disrespectful nothing is more american. than having a hot dog eating. competition uh to. take over the independence day. holiday the only more american. than that is being that disrespectful. and they did it. so that's great so i laughed too. hard i sang too hard. and i hurt and i hurt. my nose and it's all good. and i feel faint but it's all good. definitely can't do stand. up yet i want to. do stand up the doctor said three. weeks i go like this. okay and then it's time. like these i think well that's why. i'm not the doctor paint's crazy huh. really takes a toll on you it's deeper. um hey guys that was the end. of the episode for youtube if you want to. catch the rest of the episode. the raw and the uncut version uh the extended episode. with no breaks go on. over to patreon dot comcrystalia and uh you can listen. to every episode uncut and how it was intended to. be listened to. and then also you can uh get one episode. a month extra and there's also other things like we do review mode. we do different segments. we do different shows and uh we got a a discord that we chat. on sometimes and uh so that's over. at patreon dot com that's for only six bucks. a month so go on and sign up thanks. guys for listening [music]. thank you [music] you. 