 foreign [music] hey guys and welcome. to yet another episode of congratulations. [music] dude i gotta start. making some better faces in the podcast. i know that like you know. i'm the face king but i'm saying dude. i gotta start making better. faces to. mess with this dude so we can pause. on him and you can be like what's this. episode all about so here goes one. dude and we'll use this. as as the thumbnail congratulations. no that's not good how about like this. there we go that one's killer. dude um so yeah um what's the deal. you know that's what i'm always thinking. uh uh i'm shooting my special. april 1st in minneapolis. minnesota chrysalia dot com i'll be. in austin texas i'll be in midland. texas and i'll be in uh different. places you know i never actually pull the schedule. up and i should pull the schedule. up when i start but i and it's it's respectful. that i don't do that. because i'm me and what i do. is respectful for you because i'm giving you me. oh yeah i'll be in irvine. california oh they actually that's sold. out brea california oxnard california. uh just doing the test run. there oh milwaukee's the one. before the special march. 31st and uh columbus and cincinnati. which i'll be there i'll be in boise. and salt lake city. utah ah just silly. with words sometimes you know. my son says noculars instead of binoculars he's got binoculars. and he keeps saying inoculars and it's cute. and um my nanny's like cal. it's binoculars and i don't want. her to be doing that. because i want to. hold on to. these years because i want him to. be saying noculars because it melts. my heart but um anyway uh feeling good today uh well actually was feeling. not so good at all. you know some days you just wake up. dread city for some reason. and then you you try to. focus on the positive at least. that's what i try. to do and then uh and then you watch. a few clips of stuff. online and i watched you know. a little clip of golden hour. the other podcast i do and i saw eric. and we were talking and on the clip. he wasn't talking to. the mic got pissed. off tried to. relax all good dude. still a friend uh but he wasn't talking. into the mic and i was just like come on. buddy and uh but yeah but then i came home. and the organizers that my wife. hired it's too much money all good. but she did she hired. them organized this podcast. room and dude let me tell you it's just a whole new. world in here it's amazing. we pushed the desk out now. it's a small room push. the deck desk out i. got more room back look. how far your boy. goes back i'm touching the wall. now so that's crazy. um but i feel good. and on and i even get rid of isn't even. here right now it's just one fire. and i and so it's like it's like dude. this is fit for a king. i got my whole i might start. twitching again you know i gotta set. up so uh so yeah uh was out and about wearing a live. ripped shirt uh hoodie you can get that. at chrisley dot com just promoting that. life rips lifestyle uh and uh people were like yo. life rips and i was like hell. yeah do it and it makes me. feel good when people do that. um and uh you know woke. up with some dread. today rip roaring. no medication you know. just the you know the prescribed. obviously the daily from my ocd. but that's and also i take finasteride for but i've been taking that. for a decade and that's for you. know just in case my hair. goes away but uh it's okay my hair's looking good i i you know dude uh so like and subscribe. we love it pump the algo. and um the volume. pump up the volume uh pump up. the algo whatever doesn't matter it doesn't matter you know i could say that or not say that but i did oh cow's crying i wonder what happened um so yeah so i finished the last of us did it because felt like i should because everybody's talking about it and pedro pascal copied my drink at starbucks bleep that out bleep that f word out it's too early to. use the f words in. this podcast um but yeah dude. uh got the same. starbucks drink order as pedro pascal. people are saying yo what that. says we're both equally. is famous it's like people what the heck. christie rips off page because pascal. i'm like nah dude it's pretty. pascal that's ripping off me. you get my espressos so it's like i see you dude. um so peter pascal has got a good head. of hair speaking a good head of hair. uh and he's good in the last. of us another the the girl. is good in the last of us. uh good actors you know but then i'm like the show's. fine like i watched the show and i'm like it's fine. and then i'm watching the show. for six episodes and i'm like it's fine. and then i'm like it's okay and then i'm like oh every episode. there's like three episodes where if you like legit. just take them out it's the same. show and you did only nine episodes. it could be a six part. mini series because like there's that. whole episode where the two. uh homosexual lovers god bless them. we love them. you know at the congratulations. uh podcast at super good uh studios god bless them. you know they get together. and god bless him. you know um and as a nonbinary. you know which i am like i watch the the thing. and i'm like well god bless him. you know but did they need the episode. and as a nonbinary person. i'm like well does do we need that. one god bless him. but do we need that episodes. and no like i love having it. having the gaze in television. all over the place i want them. doing everything i want them. doing the craft service with some little cupcakes with the sprinkles. on it you know. uh like a light you know. maybe like a salad. you know light snacks because gays are in shape. and we love them. even if they're not but we love them. but they're doing craft service. they get a nice spread. you get the boom guy holding it. you know what i mean. uh another take like we love them. the boom guy sound guy. ah shh the chair's creaking we love. them so um but what but you know. but then it's like that they had the standalone. episode where the two. we find out the sexuality. of the of the girl and it's like okay. you know but that was a standalone. little episode as well and then people are like but these episodes. are great and i'm like yeah. they are great but it's like do we need him. so then i'm watching it. so i'm waiting so episode 7 comes and there's nine episodes. and i'm like okay all right. all right okay and then episode eight. comes and i'm like okay right. so this is how you watch okay. and then well and then episode nine comes. and you're like okay so this. is these are the this is these are the the ways. you these are the emotions. you go through each episode of the last of us. you go like this episode one. okay episode two okay episode. three all right episode four. okay episode five okay. episode six okay episode seven. okay episode eight okay episode. nine okay and that's like basically the gist. of the last of us. so by the end it's good. now everyone who's like yeah it. gets good to all. these shows that you could stream you. start with the show and then it's like you gotta watch a few episodes. okay but then you watch game. of thrones and everyone. is just like you gotta watch a few. episodes or maybe even the whole first. season so i'm like how many episodes. do i have to. be like okay until the thing is okay. right so i watch dude. i watch game of thrones. how many episodes. are in game of thrones. of season 10 12. i swear. i'm just like okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay every episode. okay okay for three four seasons until finally i'm like okay. i'm done with it so at least. the last of us got to. okay by episode seven of the first season. and now we'll watch the second season. cause i'm done with the okay. i'm done with those shows. right and that's my review for the last of us. and pretty much all the hbo. shows um anyway dude and that's how reviews should be honestly. i i should review shows and movies. with what okay is it. that's it dude we figured it out. man dude that's what i'm gonna do. okay that's the last of us. that's how good it. is ask me another movie. what did i see recently. um oh i saw that movie with um morgan. freeman and uh cole. hauser cole hauser and morgan. it came out and apparently here's the ritual. killer it came out in 2023. it just came up and cole. hauser was there in the thing. and then morgan free moves. on the the [ __ ] on the thumbnail. and and this is my review of the ritual. killer okay right so you know how good it. is dude the most succinct way. to review a movie yes we figured it out. okay too low wish it. was louder so uh yeah anyway that's how it goes glad. we came up with that. new system um so i'll be watching uh season. two of that and am i am. i am i a pedro pascal. fan yeah i'm a pedro pascal. fan you know uh am i uh uh betsy willis. what's her name the the the little girl. in it the the one. with the you know i i i don't know yeah. she's really good in it. apparently she was in game. of thrones too as well. and um but she's in the new the last. of us and i you know. it was weird when i first started. i saw the whole thing about how because i played a little bit. of the game because you know i i i i i i delve into. it a little bit sometimes. but the video games. and whatnot and i played a little bit. of it and and uh ellie was the character. right and um and she's and i ellie and the actress looked nothing. alike ellie in the video game. and it actually looked nothing. alike and honestly neither does really picture. pascal doesn't look like the guy. either but i don't care about that. stuff but uh people were like in an uproar. about that and then now they all don't care. because she's so good so anyway dude. the last of us really cool. man and uh the ritual. killer not so good anyway. uh but i will tell you dude. i love the director of the of the uh of the ritual. killer george gallo he is an awesome. dude um and uh and that's that really about my reviews. and all that stuff you know. uh but i want i want to. you know i talked about a little bit. about this on on lifeline. pedro pascal is great and that's it. okay so let's stop talking about pedro. pascal talked about it on lifeline. with my brother done. with that conversation um but uh yeah. i i i i you know. i have a i have had a good week. um and i i was like you know what i really okay. so i had um i had a st a week. where first of all everyone. around me was getting sick. just everyone my whole family. um lulu one of the people i travel with uh enrique. my tour manager just everyone. was getting sick my brother. just so many people were sick. and you know your boy. just i mean johnny. immunity really like i get i have great. right like it's great. okay johnny emergency and so that's really. just sugar we all know. but um so i i'm good and i'm coasting dude. and i'm just coasting through it. everyone's got sniffles and i'm just i'm johnny. coasts a lot right. and um wednesday comes. along no it's thursday comes. along it's noon my daily uh therapy you know. i do therapy a lot. but uh it's my this. thursday it's at noon. don't want to. do it don't want to. do therapy just don't want to. do it just straight up don't want. you know like a kid. is like don't wanna. like i said to. calvin the other day i was like you. wanna uh you want to. oh oh i said can i borrow your binoculars. and he just goes like this. no you can't i'm like being a kid. is awesome because you could just do. that and not offend anyone. right but if someone's like to. me like if i was like calvin you liked his shirt. and he was just like no. i'd be like but if a if an adult. was like no i'd be like okay. well that's fine i mean. we all have our own. [ __ ] and it doesn't matter what you think it's deeper. so um so uh i'm talking i'm i sit on the couch. therapy is at noon. and uh it's 1205 and i'm just not clicking. the zoom link i'm. just you know what i'm doing. sitting them downstairs my wife's upstairs i'm like i wonder if kristen would be upset. i'm not doing my therapy. but i'm just instead i'm just sitting you know. what i can do pretend. to forget you know what i could. do pretend to not know. what time it is all good. my wife walks downstairs sits. on the couch we have a conversation. it's 12 10. nearing on 12 15. my. therapist texted me i'm on. and i go i see it. and i go yeah maybe i'll just kind of like conveniently. forget so then my wife stops talking in the middle. conversation she says don't you. have therapy and i say oh you know what yeah. actually um i am getting on. here a little bit that's why. my computer in front of me. she says okay so i get on and she walks. out obviously and i get i'd start. talking to therapy and i'm just just mentally. just blah now how do you feel your feelings. that's a whole thing like i don't really. know i try to. feel my feelings i really didn't even know. what you know shame. and guilt and dread was i know what dread. was but like for the past. three years been working on. feeling my emotions and all that. now this isn't going to. get sappy at all uh but i'm talking to. my therapist and how do you know. how you feel your emotions. and that's what i've been working on. and not being defensive and really being open. am i okay with fear. am i okay with sadness. am i okay with insecurity. and all that stuff and acceptance. and i'm talking about therapists. and it's just dragon dude. some sessions drag some sessions. you go in and this thing of the tears. wipe dang of the. dang of the tears. wipe dang it dang of. the dang of the tears. tears tears wipe wipe dang it a. dang it and you're rolling. and some you're just like okay. it's like you're watching episode. three of the last of us. you're like okay and so i'm watching i'm doing i'm you know. zooming with her and it 12. 40 comes along and she says what's going. on and i said you know. i'm just not feeling it. she says you look a little uh not well like you're like white. and i'm like you don't know. me or i'm just a new i'm like a new. color i'm like translucent. i'm like the color of off. dead you know what i'm saying. and she's like are you sick. and i'm like it was like the scene. in goodwill hunting when he was like that's not your fault. or what is that is that what he says it's not. your fault and matt. damon's like i know i know. i know and and uh and she was like you're not sick. and i was like no no. she's like really i was like yeah. everyone's a sick everyone else. got sick but she's like oh okay. we start talking every few minutes. and she was like i feel like uh maybe you know i'm dragging it. out of it today. and maybe we can we can end. early and i'm like really and she says yeah i said uh yeah maybe i don't know i'm just kind of like whatever she was like are. you sick again and i was like no. i'm i'm not i feel good. i feel fine it's just kind of like down. you know we start. talking we're wrapping it up. and she says you're sick. chris and i was like you think that. i'm like sick like i have something. she's like yeah you don't feel good. and you're run down and it's okay. and i was like yeah yeah you're right. i i am actually sick. i think and then she said well take care. of yourself and we hung up. and that's when i realized i was sick my. the here's how [ __ ] up in the head i am my therapist is diagnosing me. with a cold do you know. how [ __ ] up that is that's how much i compartmentalize my [ __ ] is that my mental. doctor is telling me i need to. take dayquil dude do you know. how the level of [ __ ] up you have to. be in your head to. have someone who's not a doctor who physical. doctor to tell you your mind. won't let you realize that. you got a bug. is just on another level. okay so the next day. i felt awful and that. night i went to. bed early and the next day. i still felt bad dude. if i just decided i was sick when i got sick i felt. like i would have been better. already but my mind. was playing you know. how the rest of that goes be. honestly how stupid can i be so i got off the the zoom and christian was like how'd therapy going. she's and i said yeah i thought like i was having a tough. day mentally and struggling but my therapist just said that. i was sick and i should get some rest. she's like oh cool. the good thing is dude. i i really do feel like i'm like branching. out and doing things and like becoming a better like a more wellrounded person. i mean dude i would have never thought. ever in my life that i went. to i would go to. dave and buster's and not only that want. to go but i did okay. and the reason is well first of all you know my wife is like this. person who god bless her. she's my angel and i love her. but she gets an idea and then wants to. do the idea immediately even if it's like hey let's set up. a scavenger hunt tonight and i'm just like well that requires so much to. do and she's like okay. then let's fix up. an old car with what we would. have to get it. i'll look at the back pages. and i'm just like whoa. you don't know what that. entails you know she'll be like they're oh they're having a uh. you can rent a villa in uh uh aruba uh may. 6th you want to. go and i'm like it's april 1st. you know it's april sick. it's april 6. we gotta you wanna. she's like i'm gonna look and i you know. what i already talked to. the business manager and i'm just like all right. well can we can we just can i i didn't. even hop on the train you know what you did. you did the thing where vin diesel. just uh is in the car. and then opens the door and skids. and and scoot you scooped. me up like that like you scooped. me up like your tyrese. in in [ __ ] fast five and you just you don't slow down you just skid out. open the door and just and scoop. me up and i'm already on and i'm like what do we i was just having a sandwich. outside of an italian deli. and you just you know. tokyo drifted by me. you're luke whatever his name is that's in that. was in fast and furious. three and then they fired him and now you're in ncis lost. in new orleans and y'all. talk like this who's that guy. luke who's a cow talks. like this on ncis luca. luke lucas lucas lucas black. dude i don't like how he said lucas. black like it's yes obviously because i said lucas. and that's the guy on it. you know and so um so so so so so she says so mizu. which is her college team. and and you know she's in a small sports. more than me which is. not much but you know. her when she went to. mizzou and it's nostalgic for her. and they made the playoffs. or something right the top. 16 or some [ __ ] which isn't it's like a lot. you know it's like basketball. is the only sport that'll be like so dude. they made the top 48. and you're like what call me. when it's five yeah dude. and the team's never heard it's like yeah. but fair found fair amount. walkerfield is dude the the top. seed and you're like really what. seed 29 and you're like that's bad. you look at the players they're all like tall. white guys this. is not they don't deserve. to be here what's up. and so she's she's like oh great. news guess what and i and and she texts. it to me and i'm like oh i'm uncanceled and then she's like and i go. oh mizzou made the top. 16 right 64. are you kidding. me how many teams are there. yo here's the deal. there should be honestly 20. teams 60 they made the top. 64. that was what you wanted. to she's over there watching me. right she's right here but so i'm like but here's the deal. so she's like mizzou made the top. 64 which i didn't know so she says so i get home. i get home and she was like i've got i've got it. i've got the i've got the idea and i'm like what. and she says mizzou is playing tomorrow. in california cal has never been a basketball. game it's my team let's go. now what did you notice. in that sentence because i'll tell you where my man. my mind went right away a dumb. guy would be like hell yeah. when do we have to. leave i don't want to. catch traffic but a smart. guy dude is like she said. california 's big she made it seem like she tried. to sneak in like oh i would she tried. to play it like i was gonna think it. was in la right like you might as well. have said like north america. you know like to. gonna play on this. planet and so i'm like oh okay. where and she said it's our. state we gotta go and i said yeah. but where and she says sacramento. and i go i'm too. smart for this game dude. no hands down right. just and and then what else do. you want to. talk about from now on that. has nothing to. do with what we just stopped talking. about and she's like uh well come on it'll be cows first game. we could go fly up. tomorrow stay in a nice hotel. and i say there are no nice hotels in sacramento. and i know that because i've been there. a bunch of times and she's like well we could stay in san francisco. and then drive and i'm like dude. this is an ordeal and also no hands down did we forget. about that and she's like but it's my team. this has never happened. before and now just now i figure out. it's the top 64 teams. you know and uh and and so i'm just like we're not doing. it so we don't do it. and that's cool but then i'm like wait. a second the next morning. i wake up and i'm like dude. you can't even fly anymore. she's a hundred months pregnant. and she's like she and i didn't even have to. have the argument i became the bad. guy and now i gotta like cater to. her feelings because i said no. when in actuality i could. have just like put science. on her and been like well you know. you can't fly she'll be like oh yeah. you're right i would have been good. guy she tricked me. dude women be tricking. dude so now she got me. because i'm bad guys she's like let's go. to dave and buster's and we'll watch the game. and i'm like okay and i actually kind of want. to right because like i'm like calvin will have fun. at dave and buster's and i want. to see his face. look at all the video games. and all that that's 100 degrees. in here and um yeah where's the uh why. is it so hot. this this now now this time. where's the remote for the thing. oh so shouldn't be 100. degrees so that's cool it stopped oscillating oh god so anyway um so anyway i i she's like let's go to. dave and buster so i'm like okay. so we go to. dave and busters and i'm like let's invite whoever we invite you know rick glassman brent morin uh uh one of the guys. from my tour company and then uh we invited. you know david sullivan came because he's always he's american. sit still and he always wants. to be a part of everything. and he's got a big fat head. and uh kristen and calvin and we went and we got there. and uh and no we didn't invite we didn't invite one. flyer uh because we figured you wouldn't. go anyway and so you would have went wow. that sucks damn okay well now i know he would have went so um i was you know. by the way david my friend david. he's one of those guys. that's like hey when are you going. to uh dave and buster's because i gotta go. see my son sing in a choir at five but the game's at 3 30. i'll be. there and you're like what for how long. do one thing i don't get people. who drive from spot to. spot like i'm friends with king batch. this [ __ ] is i mean whenever you see him. it's the ninth thing he's done. that day it's unbelievable dude. you could catch him. at 8am and he's like hey man. i'm about to. dip actually because uh i i was just at my friend's uh coffee. spot and then we went to. a brunch and uh i gotta go. to this opening of a fry's. electronics and you're like what what are you this is the ninth. thing you did today i was with them. the other day at the ice. house it was like [ __ ] 11 p.m 11 30 and he was like all right man i gotta go my buddy's in john wick four we gotta celebrate uh this is like why did you come here um i don't get guys like that dude if i go out that's the thing next stop snoozeville it's unbelievable dude it's dude i don't even want to. pick a friend up that's another spot i gotta go. to i want to. go right to the place. and ride home dude sometimes. i want to. go to the place. and then i'm like i just want to. live here everyone out. but um so i get to. dave and buster's and david's already been. there for like 20. minutes which is hilarious. and he's got his cowboy. hat on and i'm pissed. at it you know. and uh and we're at dave and busters. and calvin sees pacman. bigger than life and he is just so in it. he is so in it. dude we're walking around. he's like i'll play that one. and i know i'm like this. one you you won't like but all right. let's do it and then he's like i don't want. to play this i'm like i know it. but all right you gotta figure out. for yourself and so you know rick glassman is. killing it at a poppy. shot is that if that's what it's called. i don't know he's just basically like mini basketball. and he's doing so well and stuff. and then we get to. this big thing and i'll post the video. of it i put it on my instagram. i put on my reels page. i didn't post it on the create or whatever. the hell you say um and there's like you know. those those those things that where you push. the thing and you're with the claw. and you try to. get the pokemon and then it gets up. to here and then it drops. and you never get it. there's a huge like adult. version of it like where it has huge stuffed. animals and it's taller. than me i'm a tall. drink of water i'm six two at. least dude right right when i look up. in the morning i'll probably six three and um it's got it's so big that it's got like a door to. go into it. like that that the the maintenance. or the workers go to. put the stuffed animals in and this dude. walks up and i said look. calvin do you want to. play and this dude. walks up and he looked like the second person. that gets killed in the movie. species with natasha hinscheritz and he says uh hey watch this. and opens the door to. the big claw thing. and steps inside and i don't. i'm like i'm pretty sure he had a lanyard. on which means he worked. there but maybe i'm doing the thing. where later on you're like you've witnessed a bank. robber robbery and you're like yeah he had a mustache and then you see the crook. and you're like why did i think he had a mustache. i have no [ __ ] idea basically this what i'm saying. if this guy worked there or not but in my mind. i made it to. where he has a lanyard but maybe i just made. it to where he has a lanyard. because of the confidence he had with walking into. a thing which i think i could probably get away. with if i wasn't famous. i could be like hey if the doors open. hey i gotta fix something. you would believe me. a hundred percent right. so the guy walks in and he says which one you want. to calvin and i'm like oh hey just you do you want. one and he picks up. a big ass dog. i mean it's this. it's i mean it's it's this. big you know and he says you on this. one and i said do you like that. buddy and kevin says yes and i said you want that. he says yes i said yeah. okay that one and he gives it to. calvin i said can you say thank you. and kevin says thank you. and then the guy says now. i'm gonna take a nap. and goes like this and just falls into. all the stuffed animals and then buries himself. in the stuffed animals and closes. the door and now you can just win. him i guess so and he's like buries himself. to where he stays there. for a few seconds and then peeks out. and people who just walked up. are like what the [ __ ] is happening. i got video of it. i'll put it up on here. but it's so funny it's also on instagram. on my reels page dude. it's so funny to. see that dude that uh is in there. on the thing because you know. because of course it's funny. anyway uh well i was in dave and buster's and uh we had a good time. and uh that's that but i'll tell you man. i was struggling the whole day. man i was just struggling the whole day. just trying to. be there and then be cool. with it um we'll pissed. you off about that day. think it yep i know. dude i knew that that was gonna happen. i got the credit for going. to sacramento because people thought we were in sacramento. because we were doing [ __ ] dude yes i knew that was gonna happen. in that piss her off because i got credit. for but at last i got the credit hello. yeah the escalator i know it. doesn't matter what dude. i could say until i'm blue. in the face i wasn't in sacramento. there's still gonna be people with that. guy was in sacramento. none of a good guy. yes dude he went to. sacramento didn't he so uh so yeah. so that's that's what's up. and i'm gonna have it you know. and i'm gonna have a new baby. soon so so things are all pointed. in the right direction i want to. know uh if i know so the whole thing. about trump being arrested. uh like it's just so not gonna happen. you know and i know if people are like he's gonna get arrested. and you know he's even saying oh. here they come i'm getting. arrested on you know [ __ ] tuesday or whatever it's just not gonna happen it's not ever gonna happen he he's gonna die. first and he's gonna live a long. time you know he's gonna live a long. time he does whatever the [ __ ] he wants that's the key. to living a long time. doing whatever the [ __ ] you want within the confines of the law. that's what makes you live. look my grandfather lived he had. no business live until 79. or whatever 78. the guy smoked since he was [ __ ] five years. old and just had no business. dude and just did because he did whatever. he wanted um and god bless people. like that and uh i used to. be that way and i'm not now. so uh but anyway so um so i'll die. early so i just won't live as long. as i want to. so i so i hope you're happy. now so i did uh but yeah so trump's not gonna get arrested. he says he's gonna get arrested. and you know everybody. makes internet you know buzzing and he's not gonna get arrested. and it's okay um i i if he did wow. you know and that's my comment on that. just i can't even imagine a world. where where'd that. happen in my life dude. you know how crazy [ __ ] is right now imagine how crazy it's gonna be in uh uh 20. years and thick [ __ ] is going exponential. right but i i once i saw the thing. in saudi arabia that they're doing the guy's paying 725. billion to do to. make the line or whatever. it's called to. where it's like by the way. i don't whenever i it's so annoying. that america uses miles and everyone else. uses kilometers and you got to. like be like what is it. but it's like a hundred [ __ ] something miles of just two really large mirrors that go up. up up up up so high and you could live in them. and it's like a tenth of a mile. wide and you can go. up and down the line. and get anywhere from each point. of the line in 20. minutes and you would be able. to get anything you need within five minutes and it's like this. futuristic thing where nobody's gonna drive. and you're just gonna live on the line. and that's how it's gonna be and they said you can move. in starting 2030 and it's like okay. but no you can't but then you look. into it and they already started. production dude okay it has to. fail it's they're putting the quote is 725. billion dollars dude they thought they were gonna renovate the ice house. comedy club for three million. dollars i walked in the other day. there's no shot it was less. than 10. no shot dude they got a vip. room just like there's just no. shot and you're gonna make this line. for 725 billion dollars no. way a saudi prince or whatever i get it. of course you know. who's in the desert i'm getting. a spot i'm moving there dude. i'm opening up a comedy. club on the line hey how'd you wind up. late everything here you can get to. in five minutes so they say right. yeah what do you live. all the way south of the line. anyway just clips popping off on tick. tock dude hashtag the line. hashtag crowdwork i'm the saudi arabian mad rife. um but yeah dude. so that's what's up that's what's up. and i you know and frankly. that's what's up i'm wearing. my shoes here the jordan jordan 4. uh what the fucks my dad. got him for me. that's how cool he is and um i really. want the jordan 4. green sb and i'm not gonna get him. why i don't know i got rid of so much. stuff because of the purge because of the organizers. came in and it's so nice in here but i really want those shoes. but i don't really wear fours. but i digress dude. stockx got in a lot of trouble. they were saying that they were making fake. they were bringing out fakes. they were letting fake sneakers. in and honestly here's what i have. to say about that i don't care. if i don't know the shoes. are fake and you got me. for six bones you got me. you got me for a rack you got me. right i don't know i guess. it's different because i have a lot. of followers on and so if they're gonna see it and that oh like what's his name um mclemore got uh fake red octobers and people were like he's got fake red octobers and then he finally admitted the other day they guys fake red october and this is from like a decade. ago but uh so he is uh you know. if i had fake shoots here's the deal. i don't care if i have fake shoes. i don't i'd rather buy the real. ones if i'm gonna pay for it. obviously i'm not gonna buy i'd rather. buy real ones for the money. than fake ones for less. money or i'd rather just not. get them than get the fake. ones but if you got me. you got me dude. and that's fine i don't care. don't tell me and then if i'm posting about it. and then people are like you got fake ones and i don't know about it. that's the thing that i get up. that's the thing that i get upset. about it right. so stockx apparently turned back now. they're trying to do all. this reverse press. like well we turned back. 100 million in fake uh product. and it's like first of all sounds. too perfect 100 million. but then it's like okay so you let some go. through because you gotta but go the i'm sure goat. does and all the other sneaker. apps because it's impossible to. always check but what a racket. right what a racket to. shoe business is period. like what a racket i. saw the new vans coming out with the lightning bolt forget. it i want them. i want them so bad. i'm gonna get every color. i'm gonna be a vans guy now. vance congratulations you did. it the new light with the lightning bolt dude. they're so sick look. them up dude they're so sick. and i'm not a vans guy dude. i just throw out one. pair of vans or pizza guy. gaming for me for free i don't. wear them dude but god those are sick. you see them with the backwards. lightning bolts oh put me. in a body bag i'm done. dude i need those all four colors over. the blue one and the red one together. um but yeah i'm a shoe. guy you know but man. you should see my closet. it's nice as [ __ ] i put on my store the other day. um so i have to. uh oh wow my buddy. just texted me and i'm doing what. i want responding to it i'm doing. what i want um so what else happened. in the world man did you have a thing. did you put anything on the documents. that we could talk about oh. dude he did he came equipped dude. and that's that was just me riffing. and now i'm going to. the documents yeah i mean. oh yeah we did the house. organizers dude those ladies man. those ladies came in they're like awesome. it's like they work so quick and efficient here's the thing. too i did did such a good. job and i we paid for it. they did not do it. free and i'm not the kind of guy that's like hey give me a deal. because i'll post about dude. no that's horseshit when people want. free work for like eyeballs. kiss my ass like no. pay people for their work okay. look a lot of companies send me. stuff that you know and thank you i appreciate you. like to show this this. uh place i followed on instagram row. rouh i don't know i think row is how you pronounce it it's i think it's overseas. they got great tshirts. look them up but um they sent. me stuff because i followed them on instagram. they're like we're big fans. you know we're sending you send you stuff. so they sent me. some stuff i wore. them my wife spilled coffee. on the white one. we can't get it out. all good but uh brand new shirt. it's fine but it's just like um she did. that you know probably can't. get it out it's fine. but the the the those shirts. are great and so that happens. a lot and um and so i i they did. such a good job the house. organizers i was like this. is very visually appealing. and i put on my instagram. story and i and i and i put it i tagged. them because i'm like they did. such a good job even. though it costs racks and um and i and i put it on my story and then the lady. responded of the who's the head. uh who's the company it. is she was like oh my god. they said that you were so good. at getting rid of stuff. that you were the quickest. purger they ever had and i'm like okay. well actually feels kind of good you know i don't think twice about throwing away. a hoodie or give it. away you know i put it in the either i gave it to. uh uh my friends or i also give it to. the salvation army i don't. know where they took it i said donated but anyway my point. is uh she reposted it uh honestly. nine times to. her story by mistake and then took a screenshot. of it and then put it on the grid. on her instagram and i'm like this. is the the this makes so much sense. that the owner of an organizing. company made this mistake. right like i don't know what she is. i didn't look at her. i'm sure she's a white middleaged woman. and just posting away just so many. times i mean people are just gonna be like what. the [ __ ] but they did a great. job and um god it makes me. feel good when my place. is clean when my house. is clean my wife it's like just it's just awesome. i care that the place. is clean but not enough. to clean it my wife. when the [ __ ] is clean i. think my wife floats that's how. much she can't get in a bad. mood if the place is nice she can't. get in a bad mood. i just period like i could i could go out. and just start punching people in the face. if i come back and the place isn't clean she's like and she sees. it on the news she's like what. the [ __ ] you can't just go out there and start knocking people out if i come home and the place is clean and she sees it on the news. she'll be like christopher you know you can't do that. look at the way they look. at the how it's all with the shelves. it's unbelievable she be loving. a clean place man. and i do too it's nice. but dude i'm not you know. i'm not doing cleaning i did the dishes. two days in a row. and it sucks man. and only did it to. make her happy but that's me. dude i'm an empath. um i guess ted lasso. jason sudeikis was in the sup. with ted lasso dude. hey ted lasso sup. never seen it friends. on the show creating making the show. so happy for all of their emmy nominations. sup ted lasso. never seen it dude. see so many billboards everywhere dude. hey hey what's up. first of all i'll go on further. apple tv sup right oh you got y'all. you're fancy you got the [ __ ] apple tv. sup apple tv sup. with the [ __ ] new show charlie. hunnam oh what's up. dude what are you doing. sup with the what's it. called shame a hammer raymond. what's the [ __ ] charlie hunnam. show called shanamaram m night shyamalam what's it called well you're finding out. soon huh shahama lamb dude. here we go we're looking it. up if i find it first everyone's shantaram. dude apple tv has the worst titles for shows. shannon shantaram okay look at these. look at these out look. at these apple tv shows. apple tv shows here we go here we go here we go these are not these are not apple tv. show plus shows apple tv plus. shows apple apple originals there we go that's how we do it here we go apple originals dude i get pissed off because it's like cocaine bear the whale and it's like it just shows you can watch on the thing dude have you seen cocaine bear here's my review here's my review for cocaine bear okay they went for it they thought it was funny so they shot it with the comedy of mine all right dude you [ __ ] up could have made it way good all right here we go although i'm a huge fan of uh what's her name elizabeth uh whoever the director is here are the names of the shows on apple the apple tv uh originals these are the names just let me i'm just gonna argyle with two l's sup killers of the flower moon sup dude here's another one swagger stop dude that's a fake tv show in a movie with adam sandler you know here's another one uh city on fire oh dude so basic here's another one silo that's okay the after party that's okay ghosted. here's another one drops of god. oh stop the last thing he told me. dude here's another one. jane oh hoda here's another. one mega dunes stop come on man. come on with these. names ex oh dude extrap extrapolations stop i mean. come on dude even. this is the problem with jon stewart sup. dude that's so something. that will come in 2003. dude. come on man here's another one. liaison dude here's another. one the reluctant traveler dude. are you kidding here's another. one hello tomorrow sup. this is just so these names. are so awful how they're doing. it and these aren't even kid shows sharper. dear edward operation trade bomb. little america dude come on man. and then the worst show. that was ever created in the world. carpool karaoke the worst show that. was ever created in the history of the world. carpool karaoke and that's counting. the shows the commish. and the hat squad those. are two shows that are real that. have been in history and the worst. show of all time. is carpool karaoke this. series hey sup dude guys just piling a car. and you sing hits. hey but you're sam jackson hey but you're brie larson. hey you got no business. singing but they just walk in and they're just like 500. 25 600 minutes anyway go. see captain marvel hey but hey but i mean make bet. mythic quest sup these move. these show the names. of them they're unbelievable. all right we're done here. you know it's like i don't know. what you want from me. but uh uh telesto was. at the [ __ ] white house. and it's just like what's going. on right how much of a i've never i've never met. him i met him. once jason sudeikis and they were like uh it was at the comedy. store years ago and they were like hey he wants. to run his thing. that he's doing at the oscars. that's funny or something. or his hosting thing and the guy. was like all right you can go. up after kristalia he was like okay. and i got off stage and just [ __ ] leveled the place. and i say hey have fun. oh wait no he [ __ ] actually left now that i remember he left. he didn't go on because your boy. leveled up i go oh. he's gonna come up okay. okay no i want everyone to. do stand up i want people who don't do stand. up to go on stage. and do stand up i want. them to favors i want. you to go on i want. you go on after go on before i don't care. go on after me i'm not doing any favors. go on before me they're gonna go. like this afterwards who was the guy. that went on before chris. ah when i go on stage. and there's someone before me dude. it's like men in black. showed up flunk that's it. anyway thanks for listening that was the episode. get your tickets at crystallia. dot com milwaukee minnesota. austin you know all the other places. midland i feel like i've been saying. midland for nine years. uh ohio and all the different. places go to chrisley dot com. salt lake city can't wait that's almost sold. out other ones are almost sold out. other ones are sold. out go get your tickets chrisley dot com. thank you very much like and subscribe. and leave a comment do it. pump that i'll go that's it. that's the end of the show. if you want to. watch the rest of the show. the uncut episode go on over to. patreon dot com that's it. for youtube you can get the extended version. at patreon dot com crystalia. and you can also get uh there's like 25. extra episodes that are available as soon as you unlock it. for six dollars patreon dot com. uh slash chrysalia thanks a lot. uh i appreciate you [music]. thank you [music] 