 foreign [music] hey guys how's it. going like and subscribe you  know what i mean. we got to get it. going we got   to. get it popping but yeah like and subscribe  and uh leave a comment what do you think we're  . going to talk about today. you don't know  but guess what the best. thing about this   podcast. is i don't know either. so welcome to  another episode of congratulations. [music] [music] and she'd be printing she's  printing yes dude. what are you printing   maybe she's not printing okay. well whatever we  thought the printer was going. off it went off   sometimes. the printer will just relax. you know  you'll be hanging out and all of a sudden. your   parental just got and uh that's what just happened . nobody's printed something in weeks. but all good   um yes chris dalia. here uh episode of  congratulations. number 300 something   man. uh when are we done you know . oh i forgot to. wear these these   weren't calvin's. party i wanted to wear these . because they're very cool. wow these are the   wow. guess how comfortable these are you know . zero comfortable they're minecraft minecraft   sunglasses. they heard the where do they hurt . the bridge my nose. and also my ear is great   um so yes i got the minecraft. sunglasses on i will  be in minneapolis. i will be in uh austin. i will   be in doing standup. in all these uh different  places. it's gonna be crazy absolutely. uh midland   uh texas utah. which is uh getting up. there almost  sold out. salt lake city then when it comes. to   your boy we love it. milwaukee uh columbus ohio and . cincinnati ohio and a bunch of different. places go   to. chrisley dot com we're adding dates we'd be adding  we do be. adding dude we're gonna be adding dates   uh different. spots this summer we're gonna do . some casinos crazy extra yaper. scoop that up and  . then also we're gonna do some dates. in the fall uh  we don't want. to tell anybody but nashville. shhh   don't tell anyone she's probably. going  to be doing some some in michigan show. chrisley dot com but not yet. but they're  not on sale. yet but probably going to. be   kind of do we're gonna do canada. where all the  major cities and then don't tell anybody it's   a secret so uh anyway uh yeah that's what's up . we're probably also going to. be doing virginia don't tell anybody. i have no idea what my fan . base is like in virginia. but it's all good   we did tulsa dude. and tulsa uh is going through  something. with the economy but they still came out  . it's all good they're talking. about he kept the  seats. wrong but not too warm. because they stood   up at some points. um and yeah man tulsa is a . great venue well these are. the this is torture   those those sunglasses are torture who makes  these. dude let me guess where they're made let   me. guess what they're made not. trying to be  a you know what i mean. not trying to be you  . know a certain way but let me guess. what they  made they don't. even say it probably taiwan. um   so got my hair cut feeling good. uh i got my hair . cut because i'm shooting special april. 1st got my   hair cut. so it'll grow in by. the time it grows . in it's going to. be looking absolutely bang  . dude you should honestly look. at  my special just to. see my haircut   um yeah got it cut and uh but yeah so um i went  to. uh oh look i went to. uh different spots this  . week where'd i go it. was the uh did i go. to  tech where the hell was i. even i was in i  . know i was in tulsa. before that kansas city oh . and springfield missouri dude y'all ever been   to. springfield missouri you have oh yeah you have  uh why is it okay man when you go to. kansas city all right. and then you go to. springfield missouri  and then you go to. tulsa you go like this. well   i'm not going to. be having a whole lot of fun. you know you first of all there's two kansas . cities and you're like which which one am i  . going to because one of them. is actually cool  because i say actually because you think kansas   city. thinks the middle of nowhere. whatever the  [ __ ] and one of them is just one of them has 500   000 people and one of them has 100 000 people and  it's just a lot of uh what do you call it uh indus   industrial [ __ ] now i went to. the one that has  500 000. people and it was great. had a good show   awesome. go to kansas city and had had a fun. time  and then i went to. springfield missouri and i go   this is already a place i know i can't wait to. get  out of get to. springfield missouri and when i tell   you it's the dark. horse city of america. dude this  place was on and popping own. and puppet and his   own. own and poppin and his own. and popping dude  we went there. it's got nice oldfashioned. diners   it's got nice cool. uh areas that are really  hip it's got. an arts district it's got people  . that look like they [ __ ] know what's going on  they're smiling. having a good time they'll have   a conversation. with you it's got people with cool  dogs. they literally just have like a hot. couple   like a dude and a chick walking around. with like  a cool dog and you're like what kind of dog is   that and they're like a mini boxer and you're  like i've never even seen one dude springfield   missouri. now you don't think springfield's going . to be good because why springfield. there's about   50 of them. in america right when they don't  know. what the name of town. they go like this  . springfield and then they're like well we  haven't thought of something better so yeah   sure. why not i mean every state. is a springfield  how many springfields are there. in uh in america   but there is one. in missouri and we went and . we played a little thousand. seat theater now   i understand. it's a little i say it's a little if . you're brian kellen it's a huge venue. but for me   shoulder to. shoulder so um we went to. springfield  missouri and my god we stayed in a hotel. and i go   like this springfield. missouri you have the  business. having a hotel like this where are   we hollywood. you've got no business. where  are we soho is this. just so great excuse me  . springfield missouri we got going you get the  vandivert hey we're at the vandiver hotel we   go to. vandervoir hotel it's got a big v on it  you go. in and you go oh you got no. business   you're getting a business. being here did the  show. was bonkers got back. and this is what i  . did was sometimes i go when the city's not going . to be super banging we're not gonna have a super  . bang in time when i'm like well. there's probably  not a place. to go eat afterwards. so i say let's   drive. through the night and go to. the next city  so that's what i chose. on doing i go hey i say   enrique. i say let's set it. up to where let's  leave springfield. and go to. tulsa after the   springfield show. because springfield's  probably not going to. be on and popping   after the show. go back to the hotel. let me tell  you something dude thank god i left. because your   boy would have. got in trouble dude. [music] the  place was so on and popping. it was unbelievable   dude. i mean i would have become an alcoholic. i  don't you know. what i mean like it. was so good   so many people were there. i mean i'm talking to  talk. about chicks okay dudes dudes i want to. hang   with man like good looking dudes that smelled  nice not too. nice though right. just so good   i was like let's go. dude so we went and we started . to watch and we sat in a uh what do you call. it a   um a uh one of those. sprinter vans and we went we  watched. a tv show and they were like what. do we   want to. watch what bad thing. do we want to. watch  so i put on the glory. it's a number three show. in   netflix and it's korean. and i said let's watch it  and i go. oh no dude and we were so hooked i got  . everybody hooked lula got hooked david sullivan . got hooked and now i got a new show. whoopsie   daisy i got a new show. by mistake whoopsie daisy  i'm the type of girl. for the new show on a van   so i found that show. great good and uh and  everybody's. hooked on that show and it's good  . got the eyeballs right. there can't really see  eyeballs. right there because i started doing this  . thing to calvin hey. what's up dude and it's the  best thing. in the world because i drew eyeballs  . on him and he does it. like this hi how's it. going  and it's the cutest thing. in the world so it's   all good. but he loves it and then he feeds it  and they go oh and i poop it. out and he laughs   a lot just some dad. stuff for you if you're a dad  that's how it goes um but yeah we do hey what's up   no don't feed. me and i go oh man. i'm so full and  i sh. and i and i pooped cheese. it and she he did   he it's so i mean. it was it would be like he's  watching don rickles he's laughing. so hard so   um so yeah. springfield was amazing tulsa was  amazing uh and i i honestly i go like this i'm   driving through tulsa and i say man this place  is going to. be really good in like 10. years and   the driver's like you said it. and uh uh the owner  of the theater. bought a parking lot 10. years ago   for 300 000 for a hundred thousand. dollars and he  sold it. this uh last year. for a million for three   million dollars. and i go what and david tell us . sullivan says hey man you should buy a building  . and buy a building. hey chris bob building. by  building and and fix it. up and then sell them  . i said i can't afford that. he says yes you can . man so guess what buying. a building in tulsa hit up. my buddy i hit up. my man my my  business. manager i was like can i buy   a building in tulsa and he was like i'd  love to. know what what your idea is he's  . i mean he's just like man. i really hope chris  isn't serious. but i might buy building. in tulsa because i'm telling you man. tulsa is  going to. be one of the the best. cities   maybe i'll just get a compound and we can all do  that i'll move the cult. in there and just kind   of you know what i mean. just kind of you know  chill. in the building in tulsa just sitting   whatever. dude i don't know i don't know what you  want. from me man but i'm super sore. because i was   working out. yeah yeah yeah yes i did oh sorry. i  thought somebody asked me. if i was doing burpees   i did dude. i did i did burpees. and then i i  oh dude. oh what no wait sorry. i thought you   asked you. so i did a free. hand no i did it with . weights dude and i would go. down and i come up   and i'd go. down dude and i did it. with david  sullivan dude. he ain't [ __ ] i killed it. man   uh and then the next day. i did split what split  squat. squirrel bulgarians split squats. can't say   it um and then and then chin. ups dude you know  your boy. does real nice with. the chin ups so   uh and there were some like eightyearold kids . doing the treadmill and they were like so loud   and they were on a company. by a by an adult. and  david called [ __ ] downstairs and told on him   oh dude he told on him and the security camera  but you guys can't be here and they said david   you're an old man and he said nah man i thought  they were gonna get they were gonna get hurt   man they were on the they were on the on the  treadmill i thought they were gonna get hurt   i was like dude you're an old man  but i liked it man he's too helpful i don't understand man he's too helpful god  when we get in the cars and the drivers are   and then he's just like so what's like where i  know we're [ __ ] you know the driver we're in   the driver i bring a dude on tour with me you  know he works with he works on the tour and   then he's chilling he's one of my very good  friends he's a great actor i don't know why   why he wants to. be on a tour. with me but you  know he does the [ __ ] awardwinning movies  . but he loves it he loves. he's all about  that lifestyle dude. he never sit still but  . he always wants to. go somewhere so we're on the  tour. and he was like hey man. we'll be in the  . car and i'll just be like so what's what. is it in  tulsa you do. that what do we do in tulsa. you got   the that got the ballet. here right just like that  and the guy's like yeah. i know i've never been to   the ballet. i'm like david dude he's like well man  i want to. ask more questions well just chill do it. um you got that friend. that asked too much too  many. questions that guy could take a hike. right   a guy asked. too many questions. it's like dude what  are you. asking for you're just making conversation  . people who just make conversation. you know what  are you running. from you go to. a coffee shop. you   sit down you drink. a coffee and then this person  next. to you is just like it's crazy. out there   right with the thing. and you're well they're  like oh now we're talking about some [ __ ]   nah. because it used to. have a mailbox right  there and ever since. and then they got rid of   it you know. the parade would come through. and and  you're just sitting and you're like uh yeah you   know how selfish. it is to. make [ __ ] just take  for a stranger. to be like sodia oh here. we go   that's what i want. to do when someone small talks  me as soon. as they open their mouth. oh here we go this. is for you now i'm in your world . right because i like to. be in my world man   and somebody takes me. into their  world oh here. we go huh here. we go i remember one. time i went to. this strip club it  was like ah man. i was like 26. it was a stripper   there. she was really hot and then uh at this . coffee shop i saw her and i was like oh [ __ ]   i know. you like people think that i'll like be  embarrassed. you know if you see someone in this  . trip like how many guys be embarrassed. you see a  stripper that you were at. a strip club with and  . then you saw them later. on in real life you  go oh i don't wanna. you hide from them like  . it's your teacher at a grocery. store no i'm me  dude i walk right. up to that person hey teach   or hey. i remember you and they go oh yeah oh  hey i say hey what's up. we should i remember   the band i was i must have been 28. or something i  said we should hang some time. what's your number   dude. she gave me her. she goes like all right  here give me your phone. and she typed in her  . number and i go ah cool. and then i looked at  it. later and it was like [ __ ] it started   with like a two no numbers it was fake it was . like two five six. six six six six six six six   six six six six they were like 25. sixes in it  and i go oh man. i certainly been mad hadn't i okay. dude wonder what she's  doing. yeah she probably got fat it's what we do. on the defense dude. that's what we  do we get defensive. my baby we get the offensive   that's what. we do told me. um i wish her well . though forget her name never know. her real name   as a matter. of fact i think it's spice. but um  yeah dude so we're having a good time. hearing   the congratulations and uh i'm back. from the road  and i'm good dude. got back to the got back. from   the road there were 1900 people in my house. had  no idea why my wife got organizers. and let me tell   you man. if you never got organizers dude. it is  [ __ ] worth it dude i opened up a drawer and i go um look how beautiful but then i go like  this but where are the things i wanted right   because where are they and my wife is just like we  put them over here in a different drawer so now i   gotta relearn the house great dude gotta relearn  the house yes super annoying. but also super clean   okay. there's also five of them. in there right  now doing it. i have no idea how much it. costs   good it's gonna be so much yeah. yes this is just chandelia spent way. too much to  organize his house. um but yeah dude. just gonna be   absolutely recalculus um with how much it's going . to be but have no. idea but it's gonna be so clean   dude. throwing away so much dude. i love throwing  away so much [ __ ] my ocd goes like this. because   i also do it was like this. no my ocd no but then  my person. comes in and goes like yo. yo yo yo we   got this ocd. we got this i'm covering my city's . like this no no my brain's like. this no we got   this. ocd because the [ __ ] i you know how i got  ready dude i was gonna be a hoarder i was gonna be   a hoarder do you know that that was in the cards  for me. oh that was in the cards. for me dude when i   watch. hoarders i go oh oh we missed. out on making  that episode. about me because i nipped it. in the   bud i remember the moment i nipped being a hoarder  in the butt. and now i'm not a hoarder and i did   that mentally knowing. with my werewithal figuring  it. out at as a 14 year. old i made the decision. to   not be a hoarder and that was the most nip in  it and the buddest thing. i ever did in my life  . and let me tell you what happened. dude i used  to. collect everything everything i was hector   the collector just everything. i used to. collect  everything dude people would be like yo chris why   do you keep these and i would be like why. not  man you got to. keep those because what if and   they go. what are they gonna say why. i say what if  one. day that was my answer. i kept stuff even. that   food came in oh dude. he was gonna be a hoarder i  kept mcdonald fries. like dude when they would do a   special. thing like a like the batman. forever thing  when they when it was like mcdonald's. come and get   your favorite. happy meal batman forever i wouldn't . even get i would get a happy. meal just to. get the   the fry. holders they have one without killing  or one with tommy lee. jones and one with jim   carrey and i had them. all dude and i kept them. and  they had the greasy ass fries. [ __ ] in it dude  . i'm a collecting fool. though i did it and then  one. day one day i looked at it. when i was 14   and i go like this. this is never going to. end  and i threw away. [ __ ] all of it and it hurt   as i was thrown it away. it was just the soundtrack  everybody. hurts jim carrey fries. sometimes little   matchbox cars. special edition drew bled so [ __ ]  lunchbox. everybody hurts tossed them summed hold. on for no reason he says it. hold on  for no reason. not about holding on at all   but said it. anyway everybody hurts hyundai  tercel could say that. doesn't matter what   still sells many. copies songs are [ __ ] . so um you know what songs. are [ __ ] dude how i learned it you know when i knew songs were  [ __ ] when the guy from goo goo dolls goes how   may we're gonna get married what you're seeing is  who you are and who you are it's beautiful. oh may   for no reason. oh may and then someone asked him . in an interview who's may. and he says i don't  . know i just sang it. man dude songs are [ __ ] . yes figured it out could have. been a hoarder   so anyway. i threw them all away. and  now i'm not a hoarder and sometimes   when we go to. throw stuff away even. still  as a 42 year. old man i'm young as [ __ ]   but as a 42. year old man i go. like this no  no. but then my ocd goes remember the fries. and i do and i get rid of all this. [ __ ]  and then what do i do when my wife says do  . you need these i get pissed. because guess what  i don't need them. but now i look at them. and   i think i need them but just get rid of them . because i would never think of them. ever again   do you know. what i'm saying man do you guys. know  what i'm saying for real my wife. goes like did you   want. these and i said what she says well. there's  a lot of childhood. stuff in here was my childhood   good. yeah it was it was good. it was good on the  surface. was i dealing with demons. yes toss it all   always had a fear of abandoned abandonment  why. that's for me not for you. touch it   but what is it. like pictures of old dances. in  high school. what is it pictures. of me doing a   drawing. like in [ __ ] sixth grade of of  super man. at one time they had told me. to   color a superman for homework and my uncle made  me. put like jerry curls on them. and colored him   like michael. jackson and then in the in the in the  bubble in the in the speaking. bubble it said he he   and my uncle and my uncle and my  uncle let me turn it. in like that   that's really funny. actually can't wait to. do  that [ __ ] with calvin honestly [ __ ] but   um so uh so yeah i said i would never know if  it was gone she was asking me about mugs what   about this one it says late night with seth meyers  this was the one you got for late night seth and i   was like yeah i actually like that one we're back  sorry uh we we uh our stuff skipped and everything   the the [ __ ] power went out what do you need  to. know it's fine uh honestly uh i got robbed  . and everyone took everything we had to. get new  equipment it doesn't. matter dude but uh we're back   um so yeah. my wife's asking me about . mugs and [ __ ] it's all good. it was   great awesome. it's awesome when people are  asking about mugs and so but it's just like   i. don't need to. know that's my whole point. i  guess is what i'm saying. i don't know if it   skipped out earlier. before this or not  but i'll say it. again like you need to   i don't need to. know you know how  much. [ __ ] you need in life honestly things it's the things it's like  what do you need what are things   like i was talking to. somebody  who was at lulu and she was like  . yeah my my sister or something. got rid of my  baby. pictures and now i don't have any baby   pictures. and stuff and it's like that. so that's  honestly what they tell you when they created  . you in a lab. but i don't know i feel like she's a . real human because i love her. and she's great but  . um yeah it's like uh the things. that you need i  was actually putting calvin. to bed last night and  . um he'll go back from the road. put on a i put  in a bed. and um he came out to. the room to my   room. and he was like dad. he was like dad  and i walked in and i said and i looked   and he was in his closet. like peeking out of it  and i was like what. are you doing he was like  . what are you doing i was like we gotta go. to  bed buddy i put him to. bed and i laid with him  . for a little bit and he was like so happy. that  i was laying with him. and then he was like um he was like i i i he i said whatever. came up  that i was at work. for the past like three days  . and um and he said yeah. uh he said what did. you do at work and i said   well i had to. be at work and he said why. he's  asking why a lot and i said because i had to   because when i go. to work you get money. when you  go to. work and we need money. to to pay for things  . and he said why and i said well we need money  to. pay for honestly anything um uh food. toys   um this house that we live in clothes  and i said we got to. get money for that   i. said you use money and then i said to. him i said  you pretty much. use money for everything. and then   i realized well. it's not everything so i said you  pretty much use money. for everything except the   things. that are really important like and i said . uh family and love like you don't need money. to   buy family or love and he said well i mean i i get  it like in miami. you do but like not like in real   life. and then he and he said uh what is family . and love and i said well family. are people who   are close. to you they're like a part. of you like  me. and mom uncle matt pop. pop gammy kiki you know  . that's his other grandma's name and uh and he . said that's family and i said yeah. and he said   what is love. and i said love is like and i was . like how the hell do. you describe this period. but   then how do you describe it to. a threeyearold  and i said i said love is basically you know   when like you're in mommy's. arms or when you're  really. close with me and we're cuddling and it's   really happy. you know that feeling you feel. and  he said yeah and i said that's what love is. and   he said that's what love is and then i said yup . and then my son said what is the mystery. of love he just said what's the mystery. okay i don't  first of all. i just explained what love is. which   means he doesn't know what. love is which is like . then how the [ __ ] does he know what mystery is   you don't know what love is how do you know what  mystery is so i said what's the mystery of love   and he said yeah and i said well buddy that's  something that you got to. figure out for yourself   and i walked in a room. and krista was there i was . like man i did not expect for that. conversation   to go like that now i'm [ __ ] thinking about  the goddamn mystery of love in my bed. by myself   can't sleep anyway and i ended up falling asleep. but yeah so  it's like those. are the things that you need  . family love in them. and then whatever the mystery  is but like so that's what. i was doing with them   i'm talking about. the persian [ __ ] a bunch  of stuff. it's like just get rid of it. man   get rid of it. see you later um anyway. dude so  that's what happened. that's what happened in my  . life so far and the people are still here. figuring  it out uh what to. get rid of and what not. to and   i hope she doesn't ask me. many questions  dude i'm gonna get rid of so many clothes  . um they have a uh what do you call. it oh  the oscars. dude who won hey i don't know  . hey the oscars past 10. years who won yo you got me  the only thing i know about this year's oscars. is   that asian guy who played the little asian. in  the goonies and [ __ ] won something you know what are the movies. that won in the last 10 . years i don't know coda was one. i think maybe what other ones. you got me to. that movie 1917 win you got me. has anyone seen any of the oscar . winners twice in the last 10. years or did they   just go. yeah that one was a [ __ ] real  good movie would you watch again no no no who's in it guess what i don't know some british. woman  named emma something you know   and that's it then a newcomer that's french that western front movie ah what's that is  it even a guy or a girl. in it no clue. and   i've seen the person's face nine times in the  on the billboards we got a helmet on no clue who's in movies now will smith is in some i think  right keanu reeves. still does   movies that are like he's already . done before but like the new movies. i don't know let's see who won. brendan frazier  won right. and everyone's acting like ah finally   my guy. you know i see people just online  like see. everything comes full circle fun  . every this oscars was all. about what comes full  circle. see finally the guy who was in goonies 90  . hundred years ago finally. he got representation  finally brendan frazier. finally brenda frazier   let's not forget. brain brayden frazier has  about. 100 million dollars you know. final dude   how many people right. now how many actors how  many. alist actors are like no how many man. i   tell you what that movie the whale. first of all  looks he looks. like he is so good in that. movie looks so boring dude. i would watch i will. honestly  dude i would i want to. cut together that movie. the   the good parts i'll watch. that dude i bet it's . so good and so boring. when i watch the best   movies. of all time are the most boring. don't  get me wrong. but a guarantee when i see i saw   the clip. i saw a little youtube. short of the  whale i go. that's all i need to. see because i   saw brendan fraser with the [ __ ] nose thing and  the oxygen tank because he's fat as [ __ ] and he   was just like i need to. do one thing in my life . and i was like dude. okay all right i saw it. did   you see the whale. yeah so now people say. did  you say well i said yeah dude was great in it   this. is the whole movie kinda. it was a youtube  short. but so fat too dude. make honestly don't   make him. not fat in it. it's all good make him. like  half of that it's fine. we'll still be think he's  . great now so many act dude. that movie is gonna  birth so. many bad movies do you understand. do you   understand. now that we gave him. the oscar we're  [ __ ] over the next 10. years we got to. see so   many of these idiot actors in like fat. suits with  like prosthetic noses there's gonna be somebody   who does a movie and they're gonna be like i'll  chop off. my limbs dude it's gonna be so bad we got  . to watch [ __ ] michael b jordan now in a fat suit  because this happened you know what i'm saying  . and it's like dude the whole reason. why we go see  michael. jordan movies is because of his shoulders. now we gotta watch because [ __ ] gary  oldman did it. a little bit when he did   the movie. with that was the bad. movie  the where he played uh the hell was it  . exactly these are like the only movies  that he does. exactly gary oldman played   a movie. where he just does. so much breathing  in between. talking and he's in he's just like you're gonna win. an oscar because he did that  right. because he got they put i'm gonna put   jowls. on me and he got jowls and [ __ ] and  he's and we takes place in the 1920s whatever   the [ __ ] it was and now brendan fraser was like . ah i play a fact and now we gotta watch now. dude   mark my words if who would it. be um oh uh the guy  who's in. aaron brockledge aaron eckhart dude. if we   don't see an aaron eckhart movie. an aaron eckhart  vehicle. that was made for 1.5 there's a budget for  . the movie that was made for 1.5 million. dollars  that was shot no doubt for real that was shot in   um uh what's the [ __ ] place that where  you get a lot of tax back i bet it would   be shot in oklahoma or uh or new mexico or  louisiana the budget is 1.5 million dollars   and uh and uh and and what who would i say [ __ ]  who is it aaron eckhart's in it if he doesn't   ugly up his face with prosthetics or get in a fat  suit in the next three years and try to. go for an   oscar i will quit. this [ __ ] podcast this podcast  won't be any more i'll just do lifeline i'll quit   golden hour. i'll do i'll only do lifeline. with my  brother there's no way. it's not going to. happen it's gonna be so and there's going to. be  so men and they're gonna be so bad dude  . i wish they just called that movie. fatty for real by the way. how the [ __ ] is it okay  for woody. harrelson to. make that movie   with the people. with down syndrome  and the fairly brothers what's that   movie. called champions or something  how'd they make it that's just awesome. you know why because woody. harrelson is  already safe he's grandfathered in and he's   he's deemed. lovable you know what i'm saying . like keanu reeves could you know oh you know   keanu. reeves could literally make a movie  like about killing. a a whole race. of people   and people be like well you know it's keanu  you once someone is deemed. lovable done dude   uh that's what woody. harrelson is he made a movie . about a bunch of people with down. syndrome that   the fairly brothers wrote and directed. i think  and and there's a joke. in it where a guy. with   down syndrome is. like yeah i'm your homie. with  the extra chromie and it's like how'd you do it  . how'd you do it it's 2023. dude. how did  you do it when i say it now when i just   said it right now we got demonetized and i'm  just talking about the movie that came out crazy. right um did them. in that  movie called champions. nobody's   gonna see it thank god. too if too many  people saw it. get canceled for sure um but the oscars. are such a such a bunch of stroke   it's just a bunch. of stroking you know. man i was  talking about this. with my friend david you know   and i'm just like what would it take for me. to go  to the oscars. and i know people would be like yo   you. don't like hollywood now. because of everything  that happened. to you but honestly. my nightmare to   go to. the oscars even back then. i i would only go  if i was nominated for best. person in the world   and i and and like not even best. actor i wouldn't  i'd like tom cruise. didn't go this year and i'm   just like attaboy although [ __ ] you know like  it even matters goddamn tom cruise and [ __ ]   mr hollywood [ __ ] it my point is that it's  it's such a stroke fest and that's the thing   too it's like nominate the movies that are  that are um nominate the movies that are uh   critically acclaimed and [ __ ] but then don't  nominate top gun 2 dude right it's like dude the   way you're gonna do it the oscars nobody's been  watching the whole. over the years nobody's been   watching because of the movies. like coda and  [ __ ] movies that nine 95 people have seen   and then and then you got the nerve. to top gun bro. i mean not honestly. nominate [ __ ] uh suicide squad. like who like what are you. doing  choose a lane i did. what it doesn't matter. nominate nick cannon's new game show. where where  he tries. to get [ __ ] someone pregnant have you   seen about this he's gonna have a new game show . where the game show is the winner of it. gets to   have his next baby. uh dude it's good. i swear to. god it's called  insemination it's not called that but i   don't know what it's called but oh my god dude  hey dude world bye bye nick cannon will star a   new game show it's called who's having my  baby hey world catch you later hey world catch you later world dude that's a bad game show  oh okay so look what are they gonna do what what's   the game hey we're gonna ask question all right  here we go contestant number one what's you know   what's the square root like what  the [ __ ] are they gonna ask it's fake it's not real yeah was it an april  fool's thing it's part of a different show that   he has with kevin hart. oh dude that's the thing . about kevin hart i forgot. he does things like   that dude like what's die. hard your heart you know . they're making a diehard too but john travolta   and well what is that. that came out i didn't know . about it we're uh where kevin hart. was doing the   [ __ ] thing with where he plays a version i don't  know. dude the nerve of these [ __ ] love kevin   hart. big fan of kevin. hart love kevin hart but to  have it. i was looking at the description. it was   like kevin hart. plays a version of himself. dude  he's always playing a version of himself. you know he's not the one. in the fat suit  playing. the whale he will be um all right. well that's fake thank  god dude. i would have left world. i would have left the world. the oscars let's go back. to the oscars  the outfits are just i hate the i i just like it's sad. to see these people who was . it olivia who's the other one. not man wild she   came in like a [ __ ] swimsuit that like if you  legitimately if you were at a hotel the staff   would come and be like you actually have to. put  something else more on than that. and she just went   with like her. titties out to. the oscars and then  the the also the other woman. from euphoria who's   gonna be the new hunger. games when she went with  she dude. her dress was a feather across. her tits she just goes like this. oh  gotta get ready for the oscars. let's go dude it's bad. all good but and here's the other . thing too because nowadays you can't. be like   what the [ __ ] is she doing because it'd  be like oh you're body shaming or nah how and i know when i say that you get  all sorts of slack oh hey you can't   [ __ ] whatever yeah oh good the oscars  though you're treating it like instagram dude we get it but you're not on well you're  you're not on santa monica boulevard outside   of pinches tacos how dude you're at that  you had a red carpet why you can't sound   all good big fans of your work you're great  olivia wilde think you're a great actress on   the oscars and the red carpet wow all good i get  it dude i don't want to shame you do it but if i   went with a feather over my [ __ ] i know it's  a double standard but it's all good and i don't   care i ultimately don't care honestly i think  everyone should go to the oscars naked for real   i want to go just like holding holding just hold  him dude the oscars won't be [ __ ] i guarantee   one day the oscars it will be the the whatever  the actresses will come up and she'll have a   guy that she hired just with his arm just holding  her titties like this and went to while they walk   who are you wearing and she  just goes that hit that guy and who are you god you want to talk hi um  olivia wilde is wearing me my name is barry   um yeah oh really are you a designer no  no we met uh outside of pizza's tacos she   uh she hired me basically all right you hired me it's just me hey [laughter] me with the [ __ ]  who's the one from the the movie the help octavia spencer i'm just like octavia   she wants to know who you're with can  i talk me crystally i'm on podcaster um yeah dude what's wrong with everyone i don't know  we're not getting any better though i know i know   i get it like still it's better to live now than  it is like in the dark ages but also dark ages   um i don't know dude anymore this is uh the  thing that i wanted to talk about here we go   on uh the popular podcast congratulations  by the way these are the movies that were   um the last 15 best picture winners every  everywhere everything and everybody or   whatever the [ __ ] coda nomad land which was  jesus i did. not see but i know. that's horrible   parasite which was good you watch that once green . book which i saw a clip. of the other day. where uh   vigo mortensen is. like so good in it. talking all  brooklyn and [ __ ] and he's uh he's like from   where is he from australia. or some or british. yeah  is he american whatever it is. he was like yo yo   what the [ __ ] you doing i'm like wow. he's doing  it well the shape. of water would never see it  . moonlight saw it would i mean. the fact that that  one best picture is pretty. pretty crazy spotlight   which was that. one with the one with mark ruffalo . bird man never saw it. i would watch that 12. years   of slave was good. but only see it once. argo didn't  see it my friends. in it don't want to. see it out   of hate the artist. absolutely a joke that won  best. picture there's no words in it. king speech   for two hours the hurt. locker was good  love jeremy renner. huge huge fan slumdog   millionaire. one because of guilt um and uh yeah  dude. i just basically don't know. who would ever   see uh those movies. more than once but it's all  good. so this is the clip. i wanted to see. uh um when do you have your hopes. up for anyone   um no one in particular. what  are you wearing tonight then um so tell me. what does it  feel like to. be in glass on the thriller. how fun is it. to shoot something like   that. well i'm barely in it. i'm in  it for about three. seconds yeah okay all right. okay oh but but you showed up. and  you had fun didn't you uh almost snagheaded the  . movie edit the experience so. hey it's what's  his name. [ __ ] uh the other james bond guy   what's his name daniel craig. hey craig   just hates him. so much oh great. we got the [ __ ]  james he would call him. james bond on the set. you   know hey bond go over. here we got to. be over here  and just so dick. about it you know. dude dick why   is he so. thick and i said that to. my friends and  then a lot of my friends. were like well she was  . asking dumb as [ __ ] questions. and i'm like yo  it's on network. team dude bs dumbass. questions who   are you wearing well i wouldn't know either. but  you don't be a dick. that's so dick also especially   that. guy got second chances. and [ __ ] you know  i remember when we was having sex with that and so um but it's all good but like and like  man he says oh you know he's so pissed dude   he's pretty handsome still though huh that  is so crazy to. be eh dick for no. reason oh yeah i showed up. he had fun  i almost so dick. i feel like um that would have been me. on  my trajectory uh anyway i uh i think that this. here speaking of [ __ ] tits  out at the oscars. in berlin   they're allowing. women to go topless in public . swimming pools that's crazy. dude huh it's actually  . not though like if you were to. if you just  were a cane. to earth and then all of a sudden. saw people naked in the swimming pool you wouldn't . think anything about it you know. but the fact that   we have such you know. the societal norms and  [ __ ] uh here we go bbc news. women will soon   be allowed. to swim topless in berlin's. public  pools after a ruling by the city's authorities  . authorities that's hilarious dude okay everyone  gather. around let's figure this out here. we've   got a vote you want. to see the titties or not i  vote yes. you know a lot of them. are really nice   berlin. though where's that uh germany fad  you want dude oh so here we go all right. so   here we go again. every three months we uh every  three months. we decide to have this. uh we see we   have his titties. out so we're going to. have  pool here uh and uh we were wondering since  . the new pool is coming in do. you want to. just  do a vista class. i would like a personally to   have it there. you know the thing is we take the . class uh off of the titties. uh what we can do. is   um use the extra. class not as if we have it  together. my boner you know. so anyway i'll be   good so here. we go yes i vote. yes i'd like  to. see them uh bouncing around. yeah you know   especially floating. in the in the water right. so  um would be nice you. know floating in the water   dali painting with the clock. right it's kind  of like melted. all over the pool are we joking   but anyway so we're going. to have some titties  afterward i vote yes huh. hands up well not just   one. looks like way you know. what about two so . let's um anyway it comes. after a woman who was  . thrown out of an open. air pool for sunbathing  topless. took legal action cable yeah we can't  . do it until you can do. it you know what i mean. a  second woman said she was told to. cover up while   at an indoor pool in december. well yeah i can't  do it. i can do it you know. authorities agreed   that they had been victims of discrimination  discrimination because oh dude. they're just   trying to. pop but dude they're just horny. dudes oh  yeah yeah no we agrees that's his discrimination  . of course that is a great. take it off honestly. you  can show you downstairs. area too if you want. to authorities agree they have been  victims of discrimination instead   of all visitors to. berlin pools were  now entitled to. go topless wow dude i would get um plastic surgery. and put a penis  on my chest. and just have no shirt. on my chest   and then the penis. will be out and i'd be like . hey dude you said it's cool. for the topless the   titans. the decision will be welcomed by . those here who champion what's known. as frico per culture. fickle but  culture free body culture   yeah. but then when it comes to. penises it's  a different story right. for our visitors to   germany because people think when penises are  out everyone's gonna get murdered you. know   farm visitors to. germany are often surprised and  sometimes. downright disconcerted by the side. of   naked germans frolic in its lakes. snoring in  its parks wow dude. you could be naked. in a   park imagine the uproar. in america and some  dude. just sitting with a floppy penis. just but this is a country. where it  considers public. nudity is some   settings to. be both appropriate  and healthy. healthy you know they just tricked the women. that's what  happened people just tricked. women into   be easy it's coming. around people are like  i want to. be body free with my body. and   then they just trick them. yeah yeah for sure  this. was by design let your tits out [music]   whoops sorry. bumped into your titties. tricked  you here's some lemonade anyway go. swimming yes we all vote. for that yes where's the bar. downstairs area  too that's discrimination too   turn around. let's see what it looks. like in there [laughter]   oh i always stop there. right why are we stopping   the butt. loop right look and don't  say that's discrimination too unzip. anyway what i just was saying if i was discriminations  that's why i took my pants. off started fixing   my penis. i wasn't yanking i was just . this i was just fixing. it i had to. put   it up because it was hurting. because  it was down and then got directional it's been a while since we've done misconnections  no. it hasn't been but let's do miss connections. um we got this i missed. the girl i'd spoil long. beach  and why is spoil spelled like. that with a zero and  . a one not the [ __ ] you know thing. that's gonna  get it. flagged i am classy respect. of tupac wrote   this. i am classy is easy. why respectful with  a z. and looking with a zero. for a new friend sad. dude this guy wants to. what's up with that  dude. i was thinking about that. today actually   about like men who just. kind of like are are . s our single perpetual bachelors. and just like   older and have just money and know that the  women that they're with are not with them. for   love but only for money. and i i i i bet. i i go  there are definitely different. people for with   different feelings on that. situation when  they're it if they are that guy. right like   if you're that guy like would you be okay with it  if you're a 60 year old because my whole. thing is and people are like you don't want. to die alone  dying alone. is fine dying alone. is fine you're   gonna be dead. soon but when you're in your last . 20 years of life alone. that [ __ ] can be lonely   you know so it's like would you just be cool. with  because i got buddies. who are like 55 and stuff   and they're single and that's okay. but pretty  soon you're gonna be 65. you're not gonna be able  . to find someone so are you gonna find. someone in  the next 10 years. and they're gonna have kids and  . then if you don't want kids. okay but do you really  not want kids. or are you just being on the defense  . because you had such a rough go. early on in life  that now you're like nah. i'm not doing that [ __ ]  . subjecting anyone to. my to a [ __ ] to. this  world when i had a rough go right. so it's like   are you okay with being that old and just like  being a jet. setter if you're rich and then like   spending money on having your girl come see . you when you know she doesn't really love you  . she's just with you because you're stacking . dude it's a real i wonder you probably just  . trick yourself into. it you do you're doing. you  gotta be delusional and that's okay. by the way   it's okay we're all delusional . about certain things   kristen said. she handed me something the other day . and i swear she never handed. it to me and she said   she did and i said no no. she didn't and she's  like i prom. i would go i would i would i would   absolutely. put a gun in my head. tell you i gave it  to. you and i was like well maybe she didn't give  . it to me so it's like if people are forget. that  and then they're deluge if people are delusional   about certain things. i swear she didn't hand it. to  me [laughter] it's like if you could forget that  . [ __ ] you could forget oh this person doesn't  really let me [ __ ] it she loves me and fly   him out and just like buy him an apartment  and this is like it what is that you know   that's what says that's what eliza [ __ ] are  doing right i don't know can you get away with   that and and still feel okay because the whole  thing about yeah but you got to. feel your feelings   and really understand. what you're doing in . your life and i understand. but it's like do   you or can. you just ride it until you die. right  because i never used to. feel my feelings at all   and now. i do and my therapist is like you. got to  feel your feelings you gotta actually you know  . you got to do. this it's better for you. in the long  run and i'm like okay. i'll take your word for it  . why am i crying. all the time  though got super deep but um here's another one. johnny where are you johnny  would come over and we would chill and play   games like zip what the [ __ ] is zip missed  the big fun huh we just got sexual oh not him   but you are young fit and interested being a . new buddy hit me up. hey okay but explain zip what a zip is. it a sex game let's look it up   johnny. would come over and we would  chill. and play games like zip game. zip is that like a that. sounds like a bop. it game  play zip oh well a player clasped with. her hands   with thumbs. raised index fingers pointing to. an  adjacent person like like like this or like that   somebody they'd probably put their penis in there  a little bit i mean you know bj where did you go   oh wow hopefully that's a person's name how  about the fact that some people's name it's   like brian johnson and they go by bj that's  crazy your name might as well be deep throat i don't know where he is we used to. finish each  other's sentences it's been so hard lately i'm sad   in palmdale no doubt no doubt palmdale i  don't know where he is bj where did you   go i don't know where he is we used to. finish  each other's sentences. it's been so hard. lately   that's a suicide note honestly dude. i would  do my suicide. note on craigslist for real   that would be great. world under it world hey  it's been nice knowing you bye oh that. guy that's   actually really sad. not and not funny um all right  here we go. here's another one yeah well dropped   my vegetables. wow um can i have yours. spelled  yores wow so bad. dude white meat. on white meat   and then encaps any vegetables  and then g. for g what's g. for g   gay for gay. guy for guy i don't know you know . what so the innuendo. just don't even just you know  . where is my straight buddy. los  angeles i lost contact with you  . and i'm hoping to. find you here did  you move. back in town hey text. to mom   i left contact with you who are these people . that go around not having people's numbers. guys who do so much. crazy sex  don't have numbers. i guess   that's it. for the episode on youtube. if you  want to. get the raw the uncut the episode. the   actual extended episode. uh go to my patreon  patreon. dot com crystalia and also you get a free  . episode every month and uh sometimes we  say the bangers. from patreon so go over   there there's like 24. episodes on patreon that  you can't access uh but you can for just six  . bucks so go over to. chris uh patreon dot com  crystalline. dot com for those thanks. [music]   you're welcome thank you. [music] foreign 