 [music] runk hey hey what's up. i'll be an oxnard this weekend. friday and saturday oxnard california get your tickets. at chris dot com. sacramento is up uh brea. california is up phoenix arizona el paso. albuquerque and i got some more dates. on on sale here colona bc. vancouver bc rochester new york. uh i got it dude. uh kitner ontario um shreport louisiana houston texas. corpus christie march 16th never been there. uh durham north carolina and norfol virginia. norfol can't i think it. sounds like f youk but it's not um so yeah. there you have it that's where i'm going. to be coming up. go to chris dot com. to get tickets new dates. and it is all new stuff. it is not from grower die. my special which you can get at chrs. lea dot com so go. watch that now and then you can still. come to the shows. it's that's two different hours. um i work hard because i want to. make people happy you know it's good. and it's also it it also you know. what i mean it's an insecurity. but i want to. make people happy so um yeah i want i want people to. think i'm good enough is. basically what it is but anyway getting too deep. to to in this for my shows. but yeah go to. chris dot com and then also get merch. we got the grower die. merch coming in uh strong it's good. people are starting reposted stuff it. looks great on you so go. to chia dot com. for all your needs no. matter what need you have really uh and also this. is the new episode of [music]. congratulations you know we um i did the uh well we got well. no here update well. let me do an update. look christmas is coming up you know. my wife goes absolutely. nutty when it comes. to putting garland and different. lights and places and you know candy. canes candy cane what's that from the that one that one horror movie candy. cane um and uh so we have i don't know. how many christmas. trees honestly i really don't what's see. one two we have two. up but there are more in the garage. gez anyway she was like let's get let's go. get one and i because we have fake. ones cuz have fake christmas. trees because real one it's weird. to bring a real christmas. tree inside now it's also weird. to bring a fake one inside. right trees should only be outside jim. gavan has that funny bit. about christmas where it's like why. do you bring the outside. inside i don't know what. it is it's i you know. and um but it's true. like why that's so weird. to put all the oh yeah. yeah he says you put all the stuff. inside outside on the front lawn. and all the trees inside. yeah but it's like weird. and then and then people will put a fake tree i don't know. if you this is part of his bit. or not but you put a fake tree which is even. weirder but it's better. because at least it won't catch on fire. you know what i'm saying like trees. are so flammable because that's literally what you put in the fire. to create a fire. oh the fire's going out. well put more trees in it. so putting a tree in the living room. it's a bad idea especially cuz you usually. put it next to. the fireplace i feel. like i'm doing jim gavin's bit i don't. know if this is close to. it or not i saw. it years and years ago. but it's very odd and uh i was hip with the fake. trees and now of course my wife. is like how do you want. them decorated and i say well. i like them when they're green. and when they have all the the ornaments. that are all different from the families. you know we put them. together and they look it looks mismatch. and everything so she got a white tree. and decorated like a macy's. like macy's tree with with just like all gold. balls and red balls and and so and what do we do with the with the with the ornaments. and i had to open. my big mouth where i'm like well you know. we didn't use ornaments and she was like but don't you like it. i'm like i do like it. my favorite kind of christmas. tree is the green one where we can you know and she was like you don't like it. i'm like i love it. it looks great it just looks like you. know it would be in macy's which is beautiful. wants it to. look good that's the whole reason. why it's in macy's and then she's like well uh her answer. i open my big mouth. well you know what do. we do with the other ornaments. she's like well let's go. get a real tree so now. we got another tree that's a real tree that. just got delivered and let me tell you this. man by the way. trees are just like it. it's like it's crazy. that you spend hundreds of dollars. on the tree and them. delivering it and everything like that. and they just come and and it's just just like you could go get one. for free you know um but anyway it was actually. such a magical moment. bringing calvin and billy to. the um i mean billy didn't really know. what was going on he's eight. months old but calvin was just like loving. running around into. the tree which one which one you want. to pick he was like he was like oh i don't know. and we were we'll pick. one he finally picked one and my heart. was swelling but we went to. uh we went there and then we came back and then they couldn't deliver. it that night so they delivered to. delivered it today anyway so we have another. christmas tree which is great. and we've got it decorated. so that's great and so that only means that the ornaments. that we put we brought back. downstairs to not use we. got to bring back. upstairs again so and yes dude and i got here's the thing. i open up my big. mouth saying what are you doing. to my wife when she was bringing the ornaments. back downstairs she say i'm bringing the ornaments downstairs. and you're not helping why don't you help. it i was like oh fck. i open my big dude. i have to you know. what i got to. stop doing is opening my big mouth. that's what i have to. stop doing is opening my big mouth. but i open my big. mouth dude because i'm a comedian. and it's my job and now i have 350. episodes of this congratulations podcast. and other podcast i talk so much. it's all documented and it's all bad. i don't need to. be talking so much and i do hours. of standup and it's like dude. my whole job is talking and it's like every now every day. i just becoming a monk and just being taking that. vow of silence seems better. and better and i would like to. do that except for there's no way. i could do that you know. why because i get pissed. off and why because i have to. explain myself and why do you have to. explain yourself because i want people to. understand me and why do people have to. understand me you know. why we just get to. the point where i go. because you know i was talking to. my therapist and she's like well you have you don't like to. be misunderstood and i go and i'm like yeah. i know i don't like to. be misunderstood i hate to. be misunderstood you know and you got to. let that go you got to. let that go dude i don't mean. to be like a steve. harvey show right now but you know. you got to let that. go because people are going to. understand you no matter what uh uh but it's you know what i mean. it's like i don't know i just i want. to like the other day. i've been talking about junk food. with with you know it's so dude. you know how easy it is. to give your child [ __ ] food. you know why because it's around. and you know what's not around. stuff that's good for you. it's just not even if you go. and you go to. like a nice market where you're like oh let's get the nice. snacks any snack is like bad for you in a package you know unless you're just going to. get like y okay you want. [ __ ] uh cucumbers right but my son's not going to. eat that [ __ ] like what is he a a jungle. boy you know like what no. so he's like i want a cliff. bar so i you know i so kristen's like what. do you think you want to. give him a cliff. bar and i'm like nah i don't think so maybe you got to. eat something healthy you know. because you atat the ice cream cake. because it was somebody's birthday. earlier so don't eat that. you know remember i said you can't. have a cliff bar. so he's like all right. so she said well what about uh apples. and uh peanut butter. and i go like this. well peanut butter is junk. food you know and he says no i just want peanut. butter and she says okay and i was like well but before that she was like want pasta. and he was like yes she's like we have it. with pink sauce do you want. it with pink sauce and he says no. i want red sauce and i was like well. you shut yourself in the foot you. should have just went to. go ahead and make it you should have. just made it you had to. get specific with the pasta. right and she was like and she was like well she didn't want. want anything i had to. give him peanut butter. and i was like i know but we got to. start giving him something. better and i was talking about this. in front of the kid. and i don't want to. like i you know the last thing. you want to. do is undermine a parent. when you're a parent you don't want. to undermine the other parent. you got to be a united front right. so she was already like let how about peanut. butter so i was like yeah give him peanut. butter you know and it was all a whole mess you know and i dealt with it not so great. but it's like i you know i just want the kid. to not be a fat [ __ ] you know and it's not even fat fat. on the inside you. know like fat in your heart. like that's what i mean. like it's okay to. be fat a little bit. it really is okay. to be chub chubby. not fat but like a chubby. like a like a not a good. it's okay to. not have a good body. right if it's you know what it's okay. it's okay to. just be a guy or a be a man. or a woman and just like that's you know. you're just someone right like not everybody. has to be ripped i get it. you don't all have to. look like thor you don't. all have to. look like wonder woman you could just be someone out. there with like a pear shape. a little bit but you still don't. want to be eating this. [ __ ] the the the like skittles and like my son loves skittles. the good thing is he's he's you know. he'll be like oh here's four. skittles and he's like oh i get four and it's like yeah and it's like okay. that's good but like that that's like what. for me that's like maybe 20. for me so it's like if iight 20. skittles and then my son be like i have a tummy. a and i'm like well you know i want to. be like did it to. yourself but i did it. to him and i can't say you did. it to yourself. to fouryearold cuz then he's going. to be like i'm bad. so you got to. be like well you know it's okay. it's probably because of skittles and i'm seething. inside because i'm like well. you shouldn't be eating [ __ ] skittles but mom tossed them over to. you i don't know it's just it's all. it's just parenting is. is and we and it's easy. for us you know. because we have you know. we we're together we have money. and all this [ __ ] but it's still the little it's the subtle. things that'll [ __ ] you up dude. it's the subtle things that'll [ __ ] you up god. it is wow subtlety huh. oh subtlety man i don't know i was watching uh tv last night. i was over i was with david. sullivan uh who you might know. for my tour reports and uh and whatnot. i was with uh him and uh he was like man. can we watch a good thing. and i was like nah man. we got to watch. stuff that's like not that. good dude and we could like be funny. and laugh at it. and we passed by that. movie sound of freedom is that what it. is yeah sound of freedom. he was like this supposed. to be good and i was like it. is supposed to. be good yeah all right. okay we'll watch it. i turned it on dude. let me just tell you man. the whole movie i'm just like this. i mean it's really hard. to watch there's no like real violence. or anything you know the kidnapping and it's just like i can't believe they made that movie. to be honest like it's crazy. i know it was an independent. movie but but i get like hollywood is. just like we i don't what. what movie is that we sound of music. i'm sorry what with the lady. with the the hills are alive. when she's with her skirt and the apron i love that. one anyway have you seen you know. have you seen mickey blue eyes. i mean dude sound of freedom. is harrowing it was really. hard to watch i wanted it. was like one of those movies. where it's like they take all the kids. they kidnap the kids and then it's like. based on a real story and you don't know how much of it. is true but then you you know. it doesn't matter how much of it. is true cuz if any of this. is true it's terrible. and then and then you're like you watch some of it. and you're like i i said to. david i'm like i don't think i could watch watch this. and he's like yeah it's really unsettling. huh but then it's like you want. to watch it because you want. to get to the end. to make sure that everyone ends. up okay you ever like watch. a movie and stop watching it like this. is how dumb i am. i'll watch a movie that has nothing to. do with me with madeup characters like that's a fantastic. movie about like dwarves and elves. or something and i'll start it. and i'll i'll i'll be like ah i don't want to. watch this i'm going to. turn off go to bed. i go and i and in bed. i'm i'm like i hope everybody. probably works out for them. i mean i didn't see the movie. but i i hope everybody's okay. they don't even exist. and there's a real movie that's based on a real. story and you're like okay i got to. see this through because i know that probably he saves. her at the end so i did. i watched it and i'm just like dude. and then you go on google. and you like google like these these rings of these these pedophile. rings that like get broken. up by by a like the the fbi. or whatever it is and it's like oh my god bro. bro this stuff really happens. and it's like really really sad. it's one of those things where it's like you. know you know how like crazy. [ __ ] happens in the world but it's so far removed from you that you're just like does that really happen like even like outbursts in like a bagel shop like i have a friend that always has nuts stories and he's just like oh you know what happened. i saw a homeless lady and she lifted up. her shirt and showed me her. titties and uh then she got hit by a car and then rolled all over the hood and then slid down. and when she slid down. on this driver's side. of the car the shirt. was still up and and their titties slipped. on the were just like on the side. of the driver's window and the driver. just started like being like oh god. and like pulled over and like are you okay. and then they just started dating and you're like that. didn't that h oh. yeah you know oh you don't believe. it but you know you're like i i guess. he's not lying but you're just like i'm so far. remov of that that i don't i don't believe. it or not that's just some something. that somebody said and uh the whole thing. is too bad even if it's doesn't exist. it's too bad he said it. but like you know this [ __ ] happens and it's just wild you know and you don't really think about like i think the normal regular i don't know what that. even means nowadays but the regular person. who thinks like we had sam tripley over. on uh uh golden hour. podcast and he was talking about all these conspiracy. theories and like how he thought that you know. there was an advanced civilization that was living. hundreds of years ago. and they we they got wiped out. and how you know. whatever the there's a bunch of different. conspiracy theories and and it's like now that there's the internet. it it it's it's so weird. when you start going down that. rabbit hole it activates. your brain because i'm like dude. i don't believe in i don't believe. in a lot of most of the conspiracy. theories right you know i'm using that. term loosely conspiracy theories has a negative connotation. connotation some of them. are true but like like the jfk one. you know it wasn't just the one. dude in the window. 900 years away with a [ __ ] single shot pap. um you know those kinds of things. and uh justin trudeau is fel castro. son but it's like it's like uh the whole thing. with what was i trying. to say like you don't you. don't like you start looking in that's what the thing. they said look into. it you start looking into. it you go oh all right. oh oh oh really well that's interesting. you start doing all that. [ __ ] and it's like 2:. a.m. and you're just like what you start. making that noise you're like what. you click something and you huh. and it's grainy but you zoom in yourself. like you're a [ __ ] like you're in a like your tom cruz in a movie zoom. in there you even say. it out loud and it's just you hold. on zoom in there. and then you you go like this. to yourself i'm way ahead. of you what oh my god. is that him and then it's like i go. to bed and then the next morning. i wake up and i'm still buzzing off this. like well what the [ __ ] man. how did they make the pyramids how'd they. do that though if they how did they do it. though if we don't know how they did it. and we're way beyond them. timewise how's that happened. so we should be able. to figure it out we should at least. be able to. figure out how they did it. let alone do it we can do. it but they didn't have the technology. so it's like huh. so then you're sitting here you got that. 2 a.m brain and you're just like what. the huh what do hold. on look that up i'm way. ahead of you what so then i'm i'm like walking. around and i'm like dude. hold on a second man. hold on a second i go. i i'm like tv i'm like cell. phones i know i'm talking to. someone on the other line. and i know who that. is but they're not near. me oh oh so it goes into. the satellites floating. in space so that i'm like man. all this [ __ ] like if you just put me here and started telling me all this stuff i go like this what so if all that can be true then anything can be true dude there's satellites that float around in space and you can talk to. your friend that's downtown and i'm just like wait. a minute zoom in. i go hey i want to. talk to my friend and then in my head. i i'm way ahead of you. hello and i'm just like what so dude. something's going on now i'm not saying. joe biden's a lizard. and he goes into. the ocean and sheds himself. cuz i don't think that that's true. but then i'm like seeing a picture at joe. biden at the beach and i'm like wait. on minute zoom in he's shiny is that. him i'm way ahead of you you. could just make a show dude. like serious seriously you could. just make a show like that. show 6 feet. under that was a show. that they just acted in and then just beamed it. to us on a channel. on our box in our [ __ ] living room you ever. think about this [ __ ] like let alone a car imagine if you imagine if you like if the world blew up. and it was the apocalypse and then you had had to. like start from scratch. right there were no dealerships anymore. and you know gm and they just they were like we don't we can't. do it anymore. it's just too hard and people are dying. of scurvy so let's focus on getting. fruit not dodge rams. you'd have to like make a vehicle. right to get you know. because you know they could make them so you're like i got to. make it somehow it would take you years. to make a vehicle. just being someone that you are right. now not a vehicle. maker like i'm a comedian. if you were like hey chris no. more cars if you want to. get down to the bottom of [ __ ] you know coldwater. canyon then what you got to. do is make a vehicle. and i go i go oh [ __ ] i don't think i can do that. but maybe i'd be able to. figure it out figure out okay. now that's cars talk and but then i'm like talking to. my friend downtown though with no delay. and using a satellite. to do so and i'm just like okay. well something else is going. on though right. you're gna beam news to. my eyeballs i don't know dude. if you were just plopped here you'd have so many. questions and we sit here and we don't ask questions. because we've been here how nuts is. that dude i don't know man. something's up something is up. something's a foot right something's a foot. and it's not just my feet. man i was doing kid. jokes to. calvin the other day and they were so bad. dude and they were he's not at the age. where he can even really. like get it yet. because he doesn't know. the you know it'll be like hey what did. zero say to 8 and they'll. be like what and i'll say nice. belt and he's like what. and i'm like no because well because zero uh. if if you take a zero. and an eight if you take a zero. then you squeeze it then that's what it. it looks like an eight. like that right and he goes oh. i'm just like all right. it's not working you know. it's like but then he was doing the thing. where he was like i'll do a joke. and i'm like okay go ahead. and he says what is uh uh what is a car. and i'm like i don't know and then he'll and then what he'll say. is no i do the joke. and then you say what it. is and i'm like yo okay. what is a car and i say i don't know. does it have four wheels. and it it drives and he says i think it. is i'm just like that's such a bad. joke you know but it's so funny. that he's doing it so in a way. it's a good joke. right it's not about what you say. it's how you say it. and he killed it. my son's a comedian i love the stalinesque. no no no you answer me. we started the with the computer. with one uh perc and now we're at 24%. absolutely beautiful absolutely beautiful now that's just. gorgeous that's gorgeous thinking what the [ __ ] liver king. dude why are we i know. i've talked about this before. in the podcast but like dude. we just pretend well not even. with liver king but like the rock. like hey ah you do steroids. you know you do st. hey dude liver king you do. steroids you know why. you look like a beetle. i want the rock to. admit that he does steroids. and i want him to. just be like that's the thing. though he probably wouldn't get any deals. though after that well not not not any deals. he would still be huge and stuff. oh that's the whole how could you live that. way no knock on it. but like to. be a brand like that and to. not live authentically and i'm not you know. i don't know maybe the rock is being that. is authentic self but that's really. weird if it is it can't i mean but just like i want the rock to. just fire off some mean. tweet at some point. can't trust somebody that doesn't have a kneejerk reaction every now and then you know. god but that's what me. going back to my you know. i need to be more of a monk. right what is liver king. doing this look let's look at his last. video do i have to. sign in wow i hate instagram. like that we won't we won't look. we will what's his name. liver king liver king bro you can't. tell remember the ai. thing here it looks like to. be a dominant man. a dominant dad a dominant husband and a dominant ceo. to express my highest and most dominant. form in these respective roles this is the way of the barbarian. never out [music] it's look. somebody commented great ideals to. live by dominate everything. and the guy's serious again. but you see this people you see how destroyed it. is depth perception killing from. a distance a whole new challenge but there's one way to. overcome it now. get the [ __ ] out of my way. why why does he have. the music that's in like a lifetime. movie when two people are on a date. in it go dude. i i hate that [ __ ] like that [ __ ] with like you know what would have that was gray's anatomy why. do they do that. like oh hey i didn't see you there. oh sorry i was just i was looking for a candy. bar in the thing but you know. you go first anyway here. you go you know i have a question. for you blom yes. never never mind okay. by here at autozone like why do they do you know. why because the show sucks. that's why because the show [ __ ] sucks you know. what i'm saying that's why if the show. didn't suck you wouldn't have. to put in it dude. just have the scene where he can't. ask her out the thing. is i wanted to. it's a little high hat. that that really pisses me. the [ __ ] off too uh uh i don't know man. grace's anatomy maybe it's good. i have no idea i have no. [ __ ] idea i never saw it uh co. apparel dot com quality merch. services at fall filment uh karl dot com. go to my page if you want. to purchase a 10w ad. or shout out holler. christalia [music]. um oh god kim kardashian's. minimalist christmas this is a thing on buzzfeed. you know i make fun. of my my my wife because she does. so i i can't imagine i was watching some of those decorating shows because i like to. do it because like sometimes. i put on my wife. is there i'm like i watch this. [ __ ] maybe she'll like it and it's like there what was it celebrity. decor i don't know what it. was called but this one guy was just like i love decorating. and he talks like this and he's just like i love decorating so much. uh and i can easily spend millions of dollars. on decorating a home my personal. friends uh sharon osborne we working for her. and i normally wouldn't get out. of bed for more than1 million but i do it. because she's a person a friend. and it's just like holy [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] would you could you imagine having a deal with a person. like that imagine imagine that oh these chair aren't they delicious. look at this just look at the way. they turn and the good. thing is you could put them inside. and face them on the inside. or you could twist them. and spin them and look out on the miranda. isn't that delicious dude these are real people that talk. like this anyway these ch. are 40 grand each and you're like oh [ __ ] it's just so ridiculous. i don't know what the show. was called i forget what it's called. i watch a little bit of it. on netflix and i can't. like i get it look. having a decorator is good you don't have. to do all this [ __ ] but let's see what she has uh kim kardashia has on her thing um grace say with a okay. uh oh my god kim already. has she has features a ton of lit. up trees waiting outside okay. kim posted a v a video. footage of her sitting room and hallway. it's worth noticing that piano. music was playing in the background he she hires. him to play festive. music philip cornish uh she hires him. to play festive music in december. yo that's crazy put on a [ __ ] cd and get a playlist. i mean who's who's who's not okay. with just frank sinatra just being like oh the weather. outside is frightful oh my god dude. there's all these trees in her. hallway that's cool the way it's lit. up the tree um beige everything's beige beige stopping s on. christmy um damn one less stocking cuz not kanye. is there huh. uh there's a pink oh they got so many tre. i can't show my wife. this jesus christ this. is the stupidest [ __ ] article i've ever. seen in my life hey buzzfeed get it. together i can't believe i i clicked on that. but good good props to. kim kardashian um what appala what he say what. she come on jay. let tupac recipes let them come on appala. what said what she said. he got alala alaia but he did but tell me. what that is so alia. i mean you know but tell me what. that is alopecia dude. how come you can't say that. appala also he's bald. you know actually no he isn't he is. here um we ain't need to. know that but dog alle legend. he been dead 30 years. appala y alipa but um i know. albert hughes he recently. talked about it like how they were jeice and he has stress patches. which is like a former alipa. and like shar the story of like why. he cut his hair off she should have told us. a whe story you're right. talk about your husband baby. you married him tell us how you fell walking. down the carpet one time. and we ain't know you. ain't have on no panties. or something you know. per got took a turn for the pervy. right immediately i'm just tell us. will po gone he got. appala alipa alipa alipa. one time for everybody. with appala man you know. was way more than one. time one time for everybody. with appala like that's like somebody. he went to. school with when he was in high school. that pelicia broke his heart. um racist uh no but that's this. guy i don't know hey rick ross. is [ __ ] failing upwards. right i mean like we we watch him. as a train wreck. him and dj khard we just there. a train wreck and we just keep funding. it right i you know i don't know it's like you can do that. in hollywood you can. you can be a director even and like make [ __ ] nine bad movies. and then just get a 10th one. it's crazy these ai supermodels are. getting out of control i. actually thought it was um i i saw one. the other day that was i thought. it was uh real and my and i was shown. it and i and it was a video. of someone and they were just like on the bed. chilling like a hot chick. just and it was and it was real and i still think it's real. that's how good they're getting. like i get the pictures look kind of fake. cu and i don't mean like cuz obviously you can't. like catfishing is just you can't. there don't ever trust anything. anymore online period. i think we're at that. point right like if you meet somebody if you're on hinge or whatever the [ __ ] bum bumble if that's still a thing tinder if that's still a thing you go on there and you and you meet and you see people and you just you you kind of have to. go off of their bio. because you know they're not going to. look the way they are. unless they're like super yeah i don't know. man no not even unless anything. unless they don't look good cuz then they're like oh well they didn't even. try to do a filter. on it but like dude. they could straight up make videos. of people now that are fake. like dude there was a thing that they there. was a clip on supernatural. that somebody sent me cuz i was talking. about supernatural and like you got to. wait till you get to. this moment and it showed a moment. on supernatural and it was actually so ridiculous that i was like dude. i think that might be fake that. might be a fake thing. that somebody sent me on. supernatural like this is the world we live in now so you could just be basically chatting. nobody i can't believe how like real it. looked and they were telling me. dude this is fake and in the bio. it said ai not real. and i and i'm like dude. they're [ __ ] with us they're real cuz i would maybe do that like pretend i'm not real but then you are real and then you show up and just blow people's minds. it's too bad i'm already famous. because if i wasn't dude. i'd have to. get super fit though i'. have to get more fit right. yeah but whatever dude who cares. i want to. uh i want to. get super fit but i i it's just too much. to takes too much. time sandre congratulations on graduating keep up. the good work mama go. to my page if you want. to purchase a 10 word. add or shout out holler. christalia. uh yeah dude this is crazy. this contract the sh otani sh. otani joining the dodgers. on a 10year $700 million. contract which is like actually crazy. that any anything to. do with baseball has $700 million and i guess. it's it's the dodgers so. that's a pretty legit organization. this is the biggest contract. in the world uh and he is bro. bro h what was the last one. was like 300,000 300 million million 400. million maybe whatever yeah here i actually. look by more than 250. million topping the 12year 426 mil. ah mike trout i remember that. [music] um wow this is crazy. dude is baseball has [ __ ] money huh. how about this man. h asians figured it out. in the in baseball remember in 90s. zero asians all of a sudden they had one asian guy. and then all of a sudden some more asian guys. and now this japanese dude. is just like shani goes like this. he's just like oh yeah. we will see you and $700. million for 10 years. dude what is that number. in japanese each not each a [ __ ] i can't remember what's 10 yeah. je for [ __ ] jew. years dude dude $700 million for je. years that's crazy dude wow um anyway he's like dude. he's a pitcher and a the best. batter in the yo dude. you know what this guy's my hero. and i've always loved asians. and now he's my favorite one. so god imagine just [ __ ] i would dude if you had $700 million what. would you buy what would you [ __ ] buy i'd buy [ __ ] straight up like you know what would do is just get like h i would build a community. of houses and i would live in one. and i would have all my friends. live in the other ones. and we would just [ __ ] have a good time. dude we' have barbecues and then i'd have a stage. for standup and uh you know. just kind of ball out right. oh you know what i would. do for real open. a cool coffee shop. in in my house with employees. i know there's that joke. thing that i did with like on. um was it fighter and the kid. where i said i got a starbucks. in my house that went pretty. viral but like dude if if i had a coffee. shop in my house yo you know how much i would love that for real. waking up downstairs you. go into the kitchen. you go through the kitchen. and there's like a lit. like a [ __ ] coffee bean. or like a pach coffee. with and you hear like like grind. and also people can go there. like it's not just me. and i'm alone there it's like people that are there. that like and i get annoyed. with them too sometimes where i'm like i gota. wait in this [ __ ] line is my house. like i want to. be able to. get like why can't i have a [ __ ] priority. [ __ ] and then i try to. get priority but they're like. we actually don't do that. here and i'm like this. is my house but like you get a manager. there and like a a barista. and like a few other employees. and i pay for it. all i pay for the employees. and i pay for the and then you know. shipments i pay for the shipments to. the coffee and then we do things. where like they come in and they're like oh we we want. to we want to. test some pastries out. this the you know and i i have to. try them and i'm like this. one but not these you know. and then the next day. some of the ones that i said. i don't want are there. and i'm like you guys [ __ ] it up and like just i need stuff. to deal with basically if i have $700 million. i want stuff to. deal with in my house. that would annoy me. and then like but like it's not part. of my house but it is part. of my house that would be dope. dude just a c you. know my my wife would be like you didn't do. the thing and i'm like sorry. i was out coffee. i didn't get your text. that would be pretty dope. i'd probably still go get coffee. though i'd probably still drive down. the hill and do it. because i want to. be out you know i like driving. a little bit i would get a driver. for sure no doubt i mean. i could probably afford a driver. but i don't want that's the thing. you need to. start making well uber right. but i don't use uber but i'd want a guy. that i know to. do it i don't want [ __ ] u i don't ever want i don't even think i have uber on my phone. but like i don't ever want. somebody i don't know that. doesn't work for a company not uber uber. is like freelance [ __ ] basically i don't i need somebody that works. for a car company to. pick me up i don't want uber just some. guy in a hyundai with with like. a hoodie on listening. to like buster rhymes to. drive me to the airport that's so weird. um i want a guy in a suit. right i guess god i [ __ ] came home i had a i had a driver i came home from the airport and i got the the the uh the bags. out and the gate. was opening and it crunched. his door and it [ __ ] flipped it. backwards and so the door. was open the backwards way like it. it like the door opens. and the the the gate. was going and it picked the door. up and opened it [ __ ] and he had to. drive home with the [ __ ] door open. the driver and i was like oh my god dude. i'm so sorry i didn't know i had no. idea the gate was opening. and i didn't know the car. was there and he was like it's okay. they'll deal with it bro. they the guy just showed up. he had to drive home. like this he had to. drive home holding the door cuz it wouldn't shut and i was like dude. just let me know if there's anything i need to. do like for the claim or the insurance. he's like it's all covered. and then i was like that's kind of cool. you could just [ __ ] up the cars. and like not have any repercussions. you know you could just basically get a hammer. and be like yo thanks for the lift. [ __ ] po pop ah [ __ ] dude hey let me know if they need me he like oh well it's covered. ah [ __ ] man sorry just along the door dude. i'll see you next time. have that all fixed i. didn't know it worked like that. oh i felt bad dude. i felt bad and then i came home. and i was like oh i feel so bad. and i was like i feel like it's my fault. and my wife was like it. kind of was and i was like what. dude don't say that. i need you to. be supportive and she was like yeah but well i got to. tell you how it is but it's like but i was like it. isn't really my fault. i was just saying that. you said it wouldn't the guy. parked too close to. the [ __ ] thing i always want somebody's fault i always want it. to be somebody's fault dude. god i always want it. to be somebody's fault my wife. sometimes is like you know. it's not it's not somebody's fault. sometimes and i'm just like i'll find out. whose it is i'll find. out whose [ __ ] fault that is dude trust me i'll get to. the bottom of it i'm like petty columbo. um anyway dude i'm so [ __ ] hungry. i i can't see straight dude. and when i'm not when i'm hungry. i get mad and i don't like hangry. too when that'll just make me. more mad are you angry. n i'm hungry and mad. i'm hungry and angry. hry nah i that's i don't. want to mix words together. like that fantabulous you know. when people say stuff like that. um what else is another one. uh it's always like exclamations. um fantabulous uh uh ginormous dude. my my my videographer says ginormous. i i i had to. pull him aside i'd be like y. bro you can't be saying that. dude what are you mormon. like that's some [ __ ] that [ __ ] mormons think is funny. mormons don't have the greatest. sense of humor right. let's just call it spade. a spade i mean. there are great mormons out. there but like how many mormon. standup comedians are there. you know how many mormon. funny actors are there you know. they mostly are just like okay. you know it's not like they're exactly. pushing the envelope in any way. well i mean with polygamy but they don't do. that but like certain sects. do god po you used. to be able to. have like four wives like if you were. a king and [ __ ] where in the world can you do that now i don't know but you can't do it in america. you know you just can't have four. wives right like isn't it. like against the law or something. but like kings used to. just be like yo guess what i love. this one now so [ __ ] it you know and the other wife. would be like okay you know. as long as she you. know my good sir. and then my question is i i wonder how [ __ ] more annoying it. is right cuz like my wife. is like hey after christmas. let's go to. the bowl game in dallas. mou's playing and i'm like why the [ __ ] do i get out. of this right that immediately so imagine saying that. to like four different. women oh [ __ ] there would be overlapping [ __ ] you know there's like there's that antique con. convention and you' be like oh [ __ ] how do i get out. of this well i could say i got to. go to the bow game but i don't even want to. do that how do i get out. of that and you know. what i just i hope i get cancer. you know what happened sweetie. i got hit by a truck. you did yeah and then just run into. oncoming traffic so you don't have to. do anything i don't know how well when you're the king though. what you say goes. right we it would be great. to get to the point. to where if you were just like some guy who like was a branch. manager at wells fargo could have like two wives. and honestly i don't think i think women. could have multiple husbands too. like i'm i'm not this isn't a sexist. thing i in a way. i'm like dude maybe it might be the [ __ ] if i if i had another husb if we and i'll marry him. too dude i just as long as i don't. have to like jerk him. or anything just have him around. have him bring the ornaments. downstairs and then back up. again when we decided to. get another tree that you went to. get the with the other husband and i'm just the guy. at home chilling in. his [ __ ] coffee shop in his house you know waiting in line with the other husbands oh god damn it. bro come on man. you got to [ __ ] her last night. can i just jump please. can i get the i want to. get four shots over espresso. and you get that stupid. peppermint drink anyway bro you're a cuck. well i guess we kind of all. are in a way aren't we that's that's my wife. would if she wanted to. see that's the thing though you think like oh oh you want your wife. to have another husband too to. help cuz here's what would happen. she'd get the guy she'd get the guy. who was like a little pudgy that. would help that would be like the cuddle. guy and like the oh tell me. about your feelings guy. but then she would also get a ball. player to marry her too. and you'd have to. like come home to. like some [ __ ] lineman and you're like god this guy's [ __ ] ri well linemen are fat. as [ __ ] but like you know a hockey player. and you're like oh he can fight. he's ripped he's got such good. balance and he's just like dude. i'm actually going to. sleep in the bed tonight you're like. g all right i'll take the floor. wide awake because you drank too much. coffee and [ __ ] you hear some longhaired [ __ ] adonis freak. just nailing her ah whatever. you know what sometimes you. choose to be mad cuz like my instinct. is to be like ah if somebody did that. if somebody like had sex with my wife. i'd be like well [ __ ] that but then i'm like ah [ __ ] [ __ ] man you could choose to. not be angry you know. you really could is't that crazy. about anger if you just sometimes. stop like the [ __ ] you get mad. at the petty [ __ ] if you just stop you're like hold up. hold up that doesn't really piss me off if i just kind of control. myself yo that's bonkers like i'm so hung well no that. one doesn't work huh. i'm so hungry that i'm so and i'm so angry. about it cuz food. is a necessity of life. but you know it's not when you're just like cut off. in traffic you could just and now i'm getting. mad thinking about it getting. mad thinking about it i did. my shoulders today at the the gym. too and that was the thing. too because it's like that's why. i'm so hungry cuz i [ __ ] pushed it to. the limit i did that [ __ ] landmines. dude i went crazy with more and more landmines. i did more and more landmines. i did so many landmines. and uh then i did the b the battle. r i don't know man. i'm so [ __ ] [ __ ] tired and hungry. i appreciate you guys listening. though honestly i do dude. i think it that that. this is the thing i'm in my 40s. this is what i really honestly. think i'm in my 40s. and i think i got to. the part in life. where i'm just like [ __ ] now what dude. 40 more years the kid. part was dope you know. but also it was not dope. too you had to. deal with like people wanting to. fight you and [ __ ] like one time milton my neighbor was like oh i forgot to. kick your ass the other day. and then beat me up. like that's something you don't have to. deal with as a 20. 30 40 year old but like life's. been i got success. i did my thing as they would. say right um i sewed my oats and done a few and it's just like married. kids and like i love being with my kids. and that's the thing i really focus on is like my family. but then it's like and then the what else cuz here's the thing. i still love doing standup. but it's like so 40 more years of it. though i used to. think i'd never retire and now. dude i'm like oh yo bro. you put 50 millie in the bank. chill so chill dude. i'm just [ __ ] hanging out watching movies. all day and i'm talking about. like batman forever like just watching the shittiest. of the shitty eating only carbs. i don't give a [ __ ] bro. get a moat you know. a mod around my house. like what is life in your 40s. cuz that's when you're supposed. to be the [ __ ] as a man. you've got enough experience but also you're still kind of like youngish oh my god. because if i think about me. in my 30s i was. a [ __ ] dum dum you know i was funny and being silly and [ __ ] but i was living like a dumb dum and now i'm living right but then it's also like do i have to. just keep living right. for 40 more years. oh my god dude you ever. get one of those moments. where you just got like you're like oh my god. i got to step. back and i just got to. chill because you'll start to. spin out and have an anxiety. attack i'm just having one straight up during the podcast. it's not an anxi this. is not an actual anxiety. attack but like you ever go. to bed and you're just like oh man. what happens when i die. like bro when i was a kid. i would go to. bed and i would think what happens. when i die and i would start. getting so nuts cuz i'm like well either. there's heaven or there's not. and if there is then fine. but if there's not then what happens. it just stops and there's nothing so what's not living. it's the absence of living but what is that. but it's not even not living. it's just nothing it's not. even it's you know it's just this. but like what the [ __ ] is that and then i would start to. my heart would start to. beat and then like i stopped doing that. because now i know better. when i start thinking about that. i just stop myself from thinking about it. and i just start thinking of something. else anything tetris whatever pops into. mind but then it's like oh [ __ ] i still let myself go down. that rabbit hole sometimes and i'm in my 40s. oh i guess i'm worried about death. i guess i am you. know your parents get older. and you see it happen. and like then people start dying around. you and then like you're in your 30s. and like or 20s. and you know the first kid. from your high school. you hear he died. in like a car wreck. and you're like holy [ __ ] [ __ ] you know that happened a while ago. somebody i died at when somebody in college. died and then it's like oh [ __ ] i'm really rambling and i'm sorry and i'm just too hungry. man whatever i love you guys um and it is what it. is but uh yeah have uh have fun. in your life and have fun. and live each moment. to the fullest you know. whatever the [ __ ] to. say i post i appreciate. you that's it for the youtube. episode if you want the uh rest the uncut episode uh go to. patreon dot com christalia uh and you'll do that. and uh it's great. and you can also catch all the other episodes. that uh that we shot already. uh the extra episodes. for the month uh for each month. there's like 30 something of them. maybe 40 even but appreciate you. guys [music] thanks [ __ ] [music] [ __ ] 