 lifeline is brought to. you by adamandeve dot com. who wants better sex and who wants to. start having better sex immediately. um hello everyone the best. way to get started. is to go to. adamandeve dot com right. yeah because i'm like how do you do it. you know what i'm saying and then you're just a good adam. and eve dot com. okay that makes sense adam. and eve is offering 50. off just about any item. plus free shipping which includes rush. processing more than that adam and eve wants to. make your life easy they offer discrete. shipping as your privacy. is a priority. plus 100 free shipping. with rush processing on your entire order. all right what if you buy. really expensive stuff and help. me spend so much money. doesn't matter how much you spend or what. you buy all will be packaged and sent. discreetly for free and fast. whoa don't wait better sex. is just a click away. so one item that's fifty percent. off one item one item free. shipping but not free rush. for processing with free rush processes bring more pleasure. and satisfaction into your bedroom. just go to adamandeve dot com. and select any one item it could be an adventurous new toy or anything anything anything you desire. just enter offer code lifeline. at checkout that's lifeline lifeline at adamandeve dot com. this is an exclusive off offer specific to. this podcast so if you're a homie. to this podcast be sure to. use this code lifeline. to get your discount. 100 free shipping and get it. fast with rush processing code. lifeline but i have a business. like uh i have uh on myself. i'm an owner right. i have my own business. right okay and i'm doing my own. thing you know what i'm talking. about right yeah no so i'm saying she was putting in work in my company oh if somebody's putting work in my company you know. what's going on many illusions. going on okay what i'm saying. is i was putting in work because i have i'm selfemployed. okay okay so i'm putting in work right. now in my in my own. okay okay so you know what i'm saying. yeah okay and everybody. at home i'm sure you know. what i'm saying if you don't know. what i'm saying i'm talking about. rank [music] hello hello hello. hello [music] so is it. all recording or what is what. we deal with every time. it's all good all right. cool nobody ever lets us know that they don't know we don't know so we sit down. and then it's just like yeah we have to. say are we rolling and then nobody says anything. and then we have to. say it louder that's right. and then only one of them. says it but it's too quiet. so we gotta say what was. that and then they said and they both. finally say yeah we're rolling and it took too long. right i know and it's horrible. it took too long. what we're doing and then making sure that the answer. is yes and then telling you yes it takes. too long it takes. so long yeah so here's the deal. though about the whole thing. is uh you are wearing orange. and an orange hat. and an orange and i'm holding an orange. hat and i have a backup orange. and you i saw you throw this. coaster over here because it's orange. right yeah and then i saw you had a coke. but that wasn't your lucky. she got the large one. perrier and that's um and you got that. because of the flavor because this actually was not intentional. but it's a very happy. accident yeah i had it i bet. it i have in my fridge. i always have l'orange lime and bleep it. out too early to. set up and plane and sometimes. pink grapefruit but not always so boring. what you just said so law. orange why is this one. called why is this. one in french when the other one is just grapefruit. because this is lime. and orange oh i thought it was not even. perrier it's confusing yeah it. is bad marketing no it's actually. good uh also both of my orange. beanies say the same. thing uhhuh god bless whoever hating. on me and let's just say. this dude it's episode 50. yay an elephant. are you oh um wow so annoying. noise maker well they're nois makers okay uh so it's it's chrisley dot com. if you want to. go get tickets for the tour. uh i will be in um minnesota. milwaukee columbus cincinnati salt lake. city and other ones dude. so how great is that boise. i always forget that one. oh and uh i will be in irvine. tomorrow that's sold out i will be in oxnard tomorrow the next night. and then uh it's irvine. bray and oxnard before i go to. milwaukee uh southern california. dates to practice the hour. because you're directing it um what. nights are those in irvine monday. tuesday wednesday monday i think it's monday uh uh so that's that i think irvine's already sold out. but and maybe they all are yeah. tomorrow but not too warm right. because they stand up. so um yeah christy dot com for that. what about matzulia dot com. oh i'll tell you about matchday. dot com if you want private. advice sessions you go to. mattdelia dot com where you will. find advice time slots with me. matt delia who gives you private. advice that no one will ever. know about cool all right. great well that's great. if you haven't oh dude what about the hot. new merch look at that. look at that we got a lot. of different we got a pimp and purple. ones right yeah grab put it up. on screen you can put up. on screen purple ones you got the other ones. uh i think they're up. now purple is amazing. yeah you like the purple. we got the tshirt. that says advises here you. wanted he went you got the tshirt. but he didn't want to. get the purple hoodie for some reason. everyone is far away but not that really but yeah we love it. it's good it's very good. it's better hurry up and get that. purple one though because i'm gonna buy them all for myself hundreds of them but uh yeah so anyway dude we're having a we're we're at we're at uh just like and subscribe. and that's what's up you brought up. an interesting point uh in the bathroom. actually what did i say. in the bathroom well first of all you went. um and then the point you made was um i don't like it. either and i don't think i've ever voiced. it but when you but i've definitely thought it. when you click the switch for the light and the fan. goes on as well yes some bathrooms only have one switch. and if you turn the lights. on what goes on with it. is the fan that is. too loud to. completely ineffectual even if it isn't. too loud never have the fan. uh doesn't work doesn't do. anything i don't even know. if it's supposed to. spit fan air out or like suck. it in yeah is it. no no i don't know because it's just a room. it or you know. make it move it. around rip it around. maybe around the room is what i meant. to say okay well either way it's no. one wants it no. one likes it if you want. to have a fan that's totally. fine you gotta have a separate. switch yeah which is easy. which is what i have in my house. you want a light you turn the light on and only the light i. think that never have the fan. anyway we should just do away. with those those are like something that they created. in whenever whatever year and then they know. they didn't work like immediately after and they still have. like these not only fans. grandfathered in from houses that. were built in the 40s. but also they make them now. no you know why i have a fan. of mine i built it it's a new. bathroom you know why i have it. why is because the ac it does. it doesn't reach that bathroom. yeah so the fan is actually. for a reason because it gets hot. in there okay so it gets hot. in there so guess what fan. makes it not even cooler. at all that might be true. because the reason why we try around. the reason i get it. the fan is in there. to attempt to alleviate the heat. oh uh was that the dog. oh that was a dog. yeah it sounded like somebody just let loose. okay out of their rear and butthole. the worst author of all. time the rear and be descriptive. and just saying the same words. the rear and butthole e. n d what no rear yeah. end yeah yeah okay rear. end butthole okay you know. okay so uh it's been so it's been too. much rain in los angeles. way too much that's great. congratulations dude hey rain how you doing dude. go away all right and the thing about that is that when people i know and everyone knows this too and i don't know why if everyone knows it then why does why do people still say it the thing that everyone knows and people still say is when someone brings up the rain. like you just did the rain. sucks um so over the rain. and the other person in the conversation. says but we really needed it. oh oh are you a farmer. are you a farmer because if you're a farmer then i get why you needed rain. if you're a guy in a loft yeah or if you're if you're a woman in a house in in studio. city yeah then you you didn't need. it yeah what does that. mean anyway by the way because la gets caught up. immediately they don't even know how to. do with the excess rain. they don't know how to. deal with it did. they get the rain. and then there's no it's not equipped to. take on that rain. it gets filled up and then we don't we you know. it's just a flood people are crashing. so much i get flat. tires that los angeles most cities roads and highways. were built at a slight curve. so that the rain. falls off on the sides. in l.a and i think probably other areas. of california as well the roads are just built flat as if it never rains. so that was built for a city. that never rains which nobody ever. thought that about los angeles. mine my hill my i live on. a hill right. and it just is a river. just you can't even leave oh yeah. i have a kayak to. leave yeah a guy here so um you park. at the bottom of the hill. yeah yeah so my my shoulders. are awesome because i keep doing. it with the kayak but um so but uh they said so i looked yesterday. and it was like whoa. this is the last time. this is like two a few. months in the making it's been raining but the last time. that the uh it's been months. and then so i looked yesterday. and it says for the foreseeable future. there's no rain and that's the first time. in months it's been like that. and then today i checked. and it says next wednesday. it's gonna rain so they lied. the applied here's the thing most most fields of study. hey go away dog yeah dog. come on so most fields of study. get better as as time. goes on advancements in the technology. or whatever uh predicting things. like that get better. and better and better for whatever. reason predicting the weather. everybody sucks at it. as much as they've always sucked. in it when people were doing [ __ ] rain. dances yeah because dallas. rains could be on ktla channel. 5 and be like it's gonna be a stormy night tonight and it just isn't at all. i know and then the next day. guess who's on the [ __ ] news. again being the weatherman. dallas range and he gets it. right never and he still has a job that's true. of everyone rub it in her. face his last name is reigns. so he is just like that's like you know. if you're if you're if you're a street walker. and your name is chris. hooker dude well that's a cool. name uh dallas. rains though is the coolest. name yeah but only always get it. right when it rains. but they can't because this is what they do. they go like this first of all he's a weatherman. he doesn't even he's not the guy. that's like no i think you are. gonna rain i used. to have a degree. really don't tell me all. those chicks on the telemundo with the bubble butts. that are just like it's going. to rain well i don't know they went to. school but you're supposed to. have a meteorology background if you're gonna. build a [ __ ] weather person so that's why he changed his name but here's the deal. dude uh this is what it. is this is what they do. they go like this thursday. it's going to. be cloudy yeah half. the time they do that. yeah they don't they're not nobody. just look at another channel. i know an original source. right that is wrong and everybody. is is like copying the person. that is most recently looked at. that thing yeah yeah. so anyway dude it's got to. change really really we had to. talk about the hard dating issues. but it's got to. change yeah um things got to. change around here anyway. whatever dude oh what what. you know yeah this is a good. podcast man and it's like i want it. to be the number one. podcast and it is in many ways. what everyone wants for their podcast. yeah but uh but they don't really get it. and this is it dude. this is where it's at. it's been good lately. i gotta say i never i never listen. to it or watch. it but i listened to. last week's and it was it. was good it was a good. good good good thing the worst. author good good good good. hey good good good good. good good good good good good so um all right. well let's get into. it dude you know what i mean. real quick before we do okay. okay i got something to. say about the people who make appointments with. me oh okay if you don't have something to. ask advice about so what's up. don't waste my [ __ ] time yeah but aren't they paying for it. they're paying for it so who cares. but no it still makes me. mad though because like i don't want to. say the thing of what it. was okay but it's happened. enough now okay that it just it's like if you want. to try to. contact me like reach out to. me in a way that is how people reach out. to people like find my email people have done that. in the past uh i'm on. instagram dm me you know. but like you're gonna make an appointment. to like i don't do that. and it makes me feel bad the rest. of the day and i don't like it. well all right okay okay i don't know what it. is but okay i bet you could guess. yeah probably yeah i bet. you could yeah because they yeah they live in uh somewhere. else and they wanna make it no. oh okay yeah no clue. so um uh yeah let's do it. what's up matt and chris. my name is kate. i'm from newcastle australia. chris my boyfriend and i we met. you in they're awesome last year. the whole reason to. america and it truly was wow. thank you so much. thank you matt we love. you too of course of course. um i'm a big fan i always watch the podcast. and before we come to. america i was really curious about this. drink that's always on the table. with you guys it's this. green can i've got in my head. it's this delicious refreshment something citrusy maybe. like sprite and when we come to. america i made it my mission. to find it we don't have. it here in australia. we found it somewhere finally in an airport. and i grabbed my boyfriend. and i was like quick we could have. gone by this drink i i need to. try it and i'm reading. the label and guys it's soda. water yeah i'm not. really sure if i'm asking for advice. maybe i'm asking for you guys. to look within maybe i'm asking for some clarity. but if that really is spicy. water the taste like tv. static i think we all need some answers. okay it tastes like what. tv static what she said she thirsty. are you on acid. because you want a delicious. drink drink sprite yeah that's your options. yeah spread it the thing. about sprite is that it. [ __ ] rots your insides. like this drink yeah but this drink is water. so water is always better. to drink than any other thing. because water and also my uh sunlike sprite. and it's because it ruts or insides. because they can trick. a threeyearold but they can't. trick this dude i'm 42. and i know that's young. but uh they can't trick. me so i drink now. do i want to. drink cocacola all day. do you really all day. when i stopped drinking coke. for a long time i i have a i have one after a long. period i don't like it and i don't it. i don't understand why i end. up coming back to. it but i do maybe you have to. look within wow but i'm also no perrier it. also is [ __ ] good yeah but you have to. you have to. i didn't like it until i stopped i drank soda i. drank coke every single day. multiple times a day then i was like oh this. is disgusting because you're i'm destroying. my diet coke is. great diet coke is terrible. diet coke and it tastes. like chemicals and then it was like well you're still destroying. your body because of chemicals. so then i was like all right. dude i guess i can try. to drink this club club soda. again and i tried and i was like it's not. so bad it's the carbonation. i was addicted to. now you know i'm a raging. addict i'm a hardcore. addict and uh i drink uh you know. that's why i love i. want to drink coke. every day and i don't drink coke. every day but i don't want to. do it so what was the point. of anything that you just said uh it's it's good. and it's an aquarium. it's good it's an acquired. taste though my point. is you don't just like it. from jump give it some time. also she drinks other stuff. still sprite if you drink sprite. and coke and all this. stuff you're not really gonna love perrier to. its fullest extent no it's like it's like you're not gonna like uh cbd if you're doing. heroin all day exactly yeah exactly. so get off get off my back. yeah all the way. from newcastle get off my back. number one that's step. number one yeah number two give it. another try yeah have two maybe not just one. sip and say ew and then take your sprite. back yeah like a little kid. also we didn't claim it to. be anything yeah no i didn't say. we'll just see you're busy. you know chilling just drinking. our [ __ ] and she comes in all hot by the way she and her boyfriend are awesome. i met them in denver. and i remember that they were trying. to go to a show. and they were and they they came to. america to actually see me. which was awesome and they made a whole trip. out of it but they're both really really cool. i like them a lot. okay so anyway sponsor me perrier and that's all i have to. say about that okay. that would be the weirdest sponsorship. no it would be the most obvious. they need it because i'm always you're fresh. holding it to. the point that people in new castle. even know that that's true. you know people in newcastle seeking. out the dreams because it's always on the table i. got some back here yeah. and uh that was a naughty. thing to do to. call him about that yeah. and she said and it's out. of water and she said it. tastes like saving static yeah and you said what. i said tv static because dude. i know it i know what people mean. when they say it yeah. well all right next one. guys i'm kb calling from st. louis missouri i'm an original baby. and matt i'm a really big fan. i love it thank you. first of all i want to. thank you guys you've gotten me. through some really really dark. days last couple of years. finally reaching a clearing but there were some days. where i thought it was just done. being a joyful life for me. on those days you brought belly. laughs back to. my belly and big smiles. back to my face so thank you. for doing what you do. my questions about this. really amazing guy that i'm seeing when i start. to talk about it my face. starts to cramp because i smile so much. he's my best friend. already it's been two and a half. months because everything i've ever prayed. for um he stinks like [ __ ] what do i do but everything's perfect our chemistry's stronger friendships strong everything is wonderful here we go last night i was putting in the work and he seemed to. be really into. it so i looked up to. see his face he was on his phone. oh when i asked him. what he was doing it. was twitter porn obviously he's really into. me but was i doing something wrong. help was she doing something was she doing. something wrong what what did. she think she he was looking at porn. on twitter right that's what twitter porn. is right yeah um what what's going. on here i just can't. believe that well can't believe what did. i miss something she's going. to town on the day. oh oh oh she was given the dang it. down oh i didn't know. she was doing that she said. work i thought she was busy. doing like her no she was. given uh mr monkeys close. up right well why was she looking. at his phone when i don't say mr. winky right but why. why why was why was why. was he looking at his. phone dude you achieved the thing because i mean it's like the guy but last week. he was like he he couldn't have sex. with his girlfriend oh man. this is this is not as bad. as the other guy this. is not as bad as the other. guys okay yeah the other guy. was worse yeah uh but i i mean. i wish i knew it. was was he like oh like fumble. in this phone like pretending it was something. else because he should have been it's weird. it's so bold dude. yeah to just be like. i'm bored yeah but what do you. do what do you [ __ ] alexis texas. or whatever you know is. that that one is that is that a porn. star for real i think so yeah. yeah that that's the one. with the really really big butt. right yeah yeah um acting like he doesn't know. me me i'm the one who said who it. is i do know i mean. i was joking first of all. [ __ ] relax on me dude. no i know who she is. i mean i thought well here's what you said. alexis texas i thought wait. a minute is that a real porn. star is that just from the the song. alexis texas is it real that's why. i was asking and then once i knew it. was a real one i knew who it was alexa. dude you're not gonna get me. you're getting real loud and you're crossing the the invisible. barrier and you're pointing getting. too close to. me okay so yeah he was watching alexis. texas while he was getting. domed yeah i mean what do you i mean. i don't oh that's not good. right ah it's weird it's a boss move. but not a real it's a guy. who think he thinks it's a boss move. maybe but it's not actually a bus move. no it's an it's an inconsiderate. move really real. real inconsiderate i i don't uh guys that do that. i mean i'm assuming there's not that. many but if you do like have you ever. heard of like using your imagination. dude it close your eyes and think of a thing. yeah if you're people are hooked on their phones. i do that sometimes when i'm like if i'm you know. doing my thing if i'm solo. you know what i mean. if i'm just me just kind of like working. it do put it in work. right if i'm putting in work in my own. work right if i'm in my i have a self business like i have a business. like uh i have uh on my cell. phone my owner right i have my own. business right okay and i'm doing my own. thing you know what i'm talking. about right yeah no so i'm saying she was putting in work in my company oh if somebody's putting work in my company you know. what's going on many illusions. going on okay what i'm saying. is i was putting in work because i have i'm selfemployed. okay okay so i'm putting in work right. now in my in my own. so okay okay so you know what i'm saying. yeah okay and everybody. at home i'm sure you know. what i'm saying if you don't know. what i'm saying i'm talking about. masturbation and don't break we can. bleep it out but we know right. right so now that you've said it. 17 times if i was doing that though i i sometimes look at the phone and look at porn okay just to. poorn porn indian dish and so uh what i do. is uh sometimes i go you know. what and i just and i mean. myself and i'm selfemployed but um you know what i mean. i'm doing it myself. no i'm not asleep i'm just imaginating okay. so uh but you're not and i'm selfemployed. getting you're not in the middle. of a sex act with your intimate. partner yeah no i know but i'm saying that and everyone does those things when they're alone but i'm saying that you have to. you have to. hook into the matrix and actually be. there and thinking of really good. stuff and be like oh god okay okay because sometimes you'll just be like nah. i'll grab my phone and then you're addicted to. the phone and then you're addicted to. you know what i mean. okay and that's what that. guy could be doing because that's where you get the most. dopamine hits two and a half months you're already looking at your phone while you're getting domed out when mr winky's getting his closeup i don't like when you say just like you're already reverting to. that that's not i believe her. that everything's great it's a good. relationship but like you gotta confront them. about that yeah well you can't. be like what did i do. wrong yeah nothing no. no no yeah you did. nothing wrong yeah the guy. obviously has to. some degree i'm not trying to. diagnose them but to. some degree he has some kind of problem. yeah also why twitter hey guys there's way. better thing dude what you're getting. hung up on the twitter. thing dude you're on twitter. looking at porn dude that's so. weird there's so much porn on twitter. yeah i know but you know. where there's even more porn. porn sites go to a porn site. dude the guy's just like the guy was just like checking what elon. musk was saying he was like you know what maybe he's alexis texas maybe he's got like tabs or people he follows he can just eat on twitter or in one place yeah yeah i want to. know what his reaction was when she looked up. because if he was just like what's up. i'm just checking yeah oh yeah on the thing. i'm just checking my email huh. like this one oh yeah. uh i got emailed from work. i mean she sounds really all over. into this guy but i don't know yeah oh yeah. just checking email from work. oh man both of you. oh yeah not a work. email [ __ ] yeah dude that was funny. um so yeah it's it's kind of weird. i mean maybe that also maybe that's his kink. maybe he's like yeah i like being distracted. but she he should say that. no all of course of course of course so i feel like uh bring it. up for sure bring it up. oh also if it makes you feel insecure. which of course it does. that's yeah that's uh that's an interesting. one but yeah just ask him. about it too like oh what's up. with that twitter also white twitter. get definitely say why twitter and i am hung up on the twitter thing. but definitely say why twitter though. why didn't you just go. to redtube i don't think she cares. is the points why twitter. what's up why why. yeah ask him see what's up. i'm not trying to. ruin your great new. relationship but it sounds like he might be so ask him. you got to confirm. about it no matter. how uncomfortable it is you didn't do. anything wrong he did so he should be the one. talking about it yeah. not you yeah all right. next one what's up. guys love your podcast. thank you i've done. this like 10 times so i'm just gonna record it. real quick and send it in over. the back you're doing really well so far. yeah me and my boyfriend. are moving from baltimore to. los angeles in july. here okay and my problem is that. i'm a freelance photographer and i work with a few. small brands here and i just need opinions honestly. on when to. tell them like no one. really knows it we're moving. so i can't really ask. anyone around me what they think. um because we're kind of just like piecing. out okay and i don't want it. to like get around. and get to those yeah the the owners of these businesses. right so i don't know like i've heard someone like my boyfriend. said like four months. in advance my mom said two weeks. in advance i was like i can't do that. to a small business like i run. their whole language like i do. their photos instagram yeah website all the things. so i don't know i guess. i just need opinions i was thinking like a month. in advance um i don't know. i'm really nervous i'm an empath. and i don't want to. like screw them over me. too dude i'm really excited. that i'm helping her and she just recently. opened up like her like oneman show. to like let other people help. and i just don't want to. like screw her over so that's nice. yeah i mean i just need opinions from people. i don't know you gotta stop thinking that. you're screwing anybody over. yeah people live their lives and people other people understand. that but i think that um four. months is ludicrous well that's a long time. yeah two weeks is normal. but for i understand why. your situation yeah it's kind of too. close yeah to. the actual date not giving them. enough time to find someone. new but i would actually even up. to four months out. or however i don't know how much time. you have before you move. but there should you can even like feel. it out and be like me my boyfriend. are thinking about leaving how much time. would you need if we were to. go like right to. not to not be [ __ ] over way way good you know or if you just need a date that you want. to just say and then be done. with it i guess a month. a month seems that seems fair. yeah and then also maybe it's a thing. you can like do and uh say yo. uh i'm i'm gonna peace out. in a month but then also set up some sort of way. even when you're gone you can help. them you're going to. suggest that [ __ ] yeah i'm helpful. dude so uh i got this shirt. on from roe rouh it's really. good actually they sent me. some stuff i really like this. shirt huh you know. who sent me some stuff. yeah the guys that god bless whoever hating. on me shout out to. ro for sending me these shirts. shout out to god bless whoever hey well i'm trying. to do my thing but you know. um why do you have two orange. ones by the way they sent me. stuff so why do they have two on you oh cause i wanted. to be able to. mix it up you're barely mixing. it up i put both on at. least once so far this episode. this one looked better. on you you think this one. why it's darker it goes. with your vampire complexion better. i look i look i have a bad i'm a bad. color huh but i don't care. no you're not a bad dog. that's better though yeah for sure. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i'm a homie. so uh such a dad so um so yeah. so uh yeah i say a month. or something like that a month. is good yeah okay i'm gonna be leaving. why'd you put yours. on because i put mine on yeah. all right i don't know why. dude i [ __ ] shut up i know i know you don't like it but you gotta give credits. do don't you wow jeff. bezos dude the thing the thing about it. is oh [ __ ] dude what you sucked. no way like straight up your a bodybuilder. a bodybuilder four times you raise. your arms you suck. even more dude that's crazy. a body stripping dude. how dumb is bodybuilding. like uh i don't know let me rewind is. it okay bodybuilding is not dumb. at all i think bodybuilding is. great okay i think it's cool. to have competitions and but man. imagine that your life dude. isn't that crazy i think if you're a bodybuilder. and you you get to. the point where you're so big. and you're looking at and you're like i really need to. work on this one. area right here and it's like a 10. by 10 inch section and you're just at the gym. trying to work that one. area i i think that you have to. if you're so focused on the male physique. you have to. start [ __ ] guys oh i didn't know that's where you were going i think that it has to. be done usually and i don't even mean. in a gay way i just think they got to. be like like a dominance i. gotta [ __ ] guys but but most of them i would imagine are driven by. more like an over a higher. amount of testosterone than other men. okay so i would have i would that. leads me to. believe that that would be the opposite. of true bodybuilders are like less of that. population is probably almost but isn't it. also the same though being super not gay. is gay sure i mean. it's just like anything else. the far ends they all. reach each other you know and this is basically. npr so we know but right. yeah we have studies right. at our fingertips so do i look so i look pretty [ __ ] chill. and chilling right you look all. right but don't get the hair. coming out like you're an extra in [ __ ] boston public. oh my god that's horrible. that's bad hey what's up. teach make it stop make it. stop skateboarding dude hollywood [ __ ] up. not using me for stuff. i mean my [ __ ] is fantastic. for real what what i'm just a funny. good actor dude okay okay yeah sounds good sounds. good man uh imagine me in a movie. just being super funny okay. i'm that funny all right all. right all right who's next. who do we got all right. so close hey matt i've been a big. fan uh hey i'll get right. to the point my wife can never decide where she wants to. eat that's breakfast lunch. dinner uh i'll ask hey what are you. in the mood for she'll say. i don't know you pick. and then i will make a million suggestions she'll turn. down every single one. but she won't ever make a suggestion um to. the point where we're both. starving we're both angry at. each other that we haven't eaten. um so but most of the time. i'll just think of something and i'll go. out and grab it yeah hopefully she'll eat it. good uh but any advice. that i can get from you. guys to encourage her. to make a decision. um any way i can approach it. so that she can make the decision. on her own because i'm sick of this. appreciate it guys no i dude. congratulations you're married to. every woman yeah you're you're in a relationship. with a woman unreal. dude what's what you're doing. so it'll be best. for you to just accept. it because it's never gonna change go. pick up the food. bring it home that's dinner yeah you don't ask because it's just like you do. ask yeah but because you're a nice. person you're not just like get the dinner. and drop it on the table. and say that's what's for dinner. hey like rude i mean you're just throwing it. at her but but they a woman. or or a man. for that matter isn't gonna like that. they're like didn't you want to. ask me what i wanted. you gotta ask some women. you gotta ask and then accept. the fact that they're not gonna have. an idea then you can put forth. your idea so just better. think about it this. way it's better for you. anyway you get the [ __ ] pick such a waste of time. okay you don't really get to. pick what do you mean don't dude. dude kristen and i do this. all the time what do. you wanna i say what. do you want to. order she says i you know. i don't really care you. can get whatever get whatever sushi i can't. because okay you want to. get the uh the place trattoria del sol. i love that place. you got that last time. okay um dialogue well i'm not in the mood. for breakfast food okay so and here. we are dude and it's like okay. well then you make a suggestion and then it's this. for an hour and a half. like looking at yelp and [ __ ] or postmates or one yeah and it's like and she's like let's get and then she'll just be like let's get you know fry's. electronics and i'm like this is not even they don't even have food like it's just so far off gonna get a playstation. eating wires eating that ufo. that's [ __ ] crashed into. the burbank one wow i totally know. that yeah wow that's so technical. uh okay so i have that. when i build my new. house i'm gonna have that on my house. so the the advice for you. is yeah realize that you are a heterosexual. man on earth and good advice. and deal with it that's it. you're married to every every woman. dude i'm every woman i don't know. what i want what i want. wow suggestions and i don't want them. ooh rue you asked me. what i want rue rue. and then i don't and then i keep on scrolling. oh yeah screaming just absolutely screaming. at the top of your room. i don't want sushi bro. who's rue dialogue rue just pick. me up some mcdonald's even though. cancer dude my wife is like no. i don't want that she'll go. to a whole nother. app she'll like start using doordash. like who even uses that. what sometimes i do though. because it doesn't has cheesecake factory yeah. what's your problem with doordash. dude you've had a long. running problem on this podcast. talking [ __ ] about doordash. it's fine well i actually it's the same. actually just different places. it's the same they're just people. who pick up food. and bring it to. you i use it. oh okay then shut the [ __ ] up about it. i'm making jokes oh okay. well now you got real. about it i use it. with the i get the the miso. salmon oh dude if you don't get the miso. salmon from cheesecake factory you ain't. nothing man for real wow. okay it's so good but i don't like it. when they deliver it because they don't give you enough. [ __ ] miso man so what do you do when they bring to. you in the restaurant they give me. enough miso oh oh but we don't have. to ask for more miso. no it's all good so what happens. so then when they deliver it. they put it in the little cups. that they have they don't want it. to get soggy no no. well that's fine but put give me another. cup of miso do. it or just have a bigger. cup when they don't bring enough. i'll tell you what me. so angry wow dude. okay all right what's up. what's up next huh. huh she called in already. yeah we know very quick. my name is amara i'm a huge fan. i said that yeah two days after i sent. the video in where you know. he said i was ugly. as [ __ ] yeah i might as well apologize oh two days after i sent it in not after you guys put it out there he randomly brought it up. the other day when i said i don't. know why i [ __ ] said that. i'm so sorry i love you. you're so hot blah blah. blah oh yeah so i just wanted to. give an update that. he's not he's not a terrible. person he realized i don't know if he said that. because he has some sort of insecurity where if he thinks if he says that too yeah it's gonna mean something i don't know i just wanted to. let you guys know he apologized. cool and thank you guys. for your input it was. really cool love you. both awesome you're the [ __ ] you know what's interesting is um cut her off by mistake so rude so you know what's interesting is uh chris christmas. dude i think that um it's it. it actually like to. think about i you know. i grew up in la. kind of you know i know. we're from dirty dirty jurors but like we we and i'm i was. 12 right and yeah i've got my jersey roots in me. you know what i mean. the over 12 so i was nine. eight or nine wow okay. yeah and yeah you know. i got my east coast. road to me like my heart. bleeds for new york. and all that [ __ ] but it's just like you know my soul is at home. the [ __ ] up okay all right now go anywhere closer. to new jersey my soul is at home. but um you know in la i kind of was you know. east coast born west. coast raise that's what i like to. say so me and tupac. have a lot in common. so i feel like i just keep wondering if your story's gonna start. no but the streets from. um baltimore and then and then he went to. do a lot of stuff. in uh oakland who tupac. okay who gives this [ __ ] who the [ __ ] [ __ ] tell your story okay so we have a lot of comments so her uh it so i you know in la it's a different it's a different ball. game hi how you doing i'm a different ball. game welcome to. la right when you get there. all right um you grow up. you're raised in l.a the the chicks in la they're not used to. this oh let me get the door. for you they're not used. to this wow don't you look. ravishing they're not used to. that stuff ravishing no one in the 21st. century is used to. that but i'm making a point. right i guess the point. is what they don't do. is there's not a lot. of complim in la. should it if you see you. could see the illest [ __ ] not even. talking about women you can see the illest. [ __ ] on the west coast. the way to respond. to the illest [ __ ] is like this. that's cool that sucks though. it does suck yeah. okay yeah we're in agreement yeah. uh on the east coast. people are more likely like wow. this is amazing this. is that that right but on this. relaxed kind of so i grew up. in la raised right. like tupac like in the in the west and so uh the the women. in la are used to. this vibe of yo. we want the dudes that don't give a [ __ ] right. so you it's it's it's more attractive. to a lot of these women. to not open their door. don't agree with that now let me. tell you why though okay. let me tell you you figure out. too close to. my phone okay but let me tell you why though. because then they're like why. didn't he do that for me. he doesn't like me and that. leads to i need to. make sure this guy likes me. and now you're the one. being chased but that's not the same. thing as her leggings yeah. i figured it out. that's not the same as that's not the same. as her liking it. more that's the same as manipulating someone into. liking you for a [ __ ] false reason. it's not the same thing. at all i used to. do that opening a door. for someone is [ __ ] just polite you're right. and i think that that is what you should do. you should do that however. there's this [ __ ] wavelength and vibe that. you're going to get more. chicks if you do it that. way and that's something that's not far. into a lot of dudes and what i'm saying. is when you're in that. culture and you grow up in that culture. it's hard to. look at somebody and say you look. very beautiful because that's not how you grow up. so i'm saying if maybe this guy is like that. i don't know but it's hard. for a lot of men to. look at women and be like you know. you're your woman their own. longterm partner it's hard. for them to look at them. and say hey you're really pretty. yes and i'm saying yes yes yes it's an insecurity. the lowest bar ever you know. i mean i'm saying though. that's how it is like i look. at my wife i do that. and i've done that my life. with with women but like it every now and then i'm i i i think about that. and that is true. you grow up you know. and i grew up in the dirty. dirty streets of jersey right. yeah and then i moved out. here to l.a and it's bang. bang city right yeah but yeah i don't keep my thing. on me yeah i've got a [ __ ] trunk. of barry manilows but i don't. use it okay what's that. um i heard it in a rap. song i think it's guns. oh you don't even know. what it is that you have in your own. trunk i don't have guns. in my trunk okay okay. um yeah so so but real quick. what you're saying is that guy. [music] has a hard time. saying his girlfriend is pretty. maybe it's not necessary that he has a hard. time saying his girlfriend is. pretty he has been he could have been grown up. in the culture to. where it's like yeah don't admit. your feelings be cool. be the one who's chased. like this is all stuff. that i identify with and like i had to. fight all right loser i'm not a loser. anymore i was a loser. loser i just i'm just trying to. look at all of the things. that's what i do okay. well i'm looking at the thing. that it's super [ __ ] easy to. tell your girlfriend that she's pretty. even honestly even if you don't think so right. then it's still really easy he obviously. thinks his girlfriend's. pretty well obviously he said. so as himself. so he did good he was two days later. he's like damn i was a [ __ ] dick why did i say that he did so because wow love wins okay love wins guys they say that a lot for gays but i i think everyone for everyone love. wins even for heterosexuals is. that associated with like love wins. is a gay thing it is yep. it's like well we love you. can't not let us marry. we love each other even though. it was gonna have a penis. you can't stop us right. okay it's a gay thing. but i don't think it's a gay. thing i think it's a universal. thing heterosexual gays and all. the other ones well okay. well okay next one good for you. yeah i came and saw you in lakeland. florida i was one of two black people at that show that he loved was the other one um my question is about work so naturally i'm i'm two minds. about everything on the one. hand i think i should be grinding. 26 years old i don't have a hard. job i'm working almost every day. um but i'm also of the mindset. of like you know i should be enjoying. my youth i should be having more days off i should be going. traveling stuff like that um so i don't really know. i'm single i don't you know. have any uh major commitments right. now that i have to. be off of work but taking days off just for me. or raise what's up with that so let me know pimpin. life ripping yeah dude. hell yeah dude i think you're still. young obviously i think that when you're young and single there's like the societal pressure. to be like you got to. get it out of your system. you got to do. this you got to. do that squirt everywhere. but here's the thing that's only true. if you want to. do those yups other people saying that. it's a what you're supposed. to do is not a sufficient reason. for you to do. it yeah if you want to. travel and be single and just try. to meet women around. the [ __ ] world whatever then do that because you're right. you can you're not tied down. to anything you can get days. off from work uh but if you don't want to. if you just want to. stack paper and chill until you meet someone you really love in your area. or whatever then do that don't at. all subscribe to. someone else's especially like some nameless vague. group of people's idea of what. one should do at your stage. yeah what you're saying. q anon always says that. you need to. go live your youth. and not and and go around. the world in trouble. yeah um no i i found one. of our core tenants. yeah um yeah stop yeah stop child. trafficking also go travel a lot. so sell your wild. oats um i feel like uh yeah dude. i i i this stuff actually. never made sense to. me if you want to. do travel go travel if you want to. work hard he said he doesn't his job's. not hard what do. you want in life. do you want to. be on the path of where you are. do you want to. be in the profession you're working. in if you do do you want. to be successful do. you have a goal do you know. what you want do. that if you don't necessarily know what you want. yet maybe travel and live your youth. a little bit you know. yeah yeah it my sense. is that he he does. like his job he's just he's saying it's easy he didn't say. my job sucks or anything. yeah yeah no i didn't say. that um but yeah i don't know. i i get what you're saying. being of two minds when you're at. a certain part stage in your life. when people tend to. think that you're supposed. to act this way or that. way right but honestly all that getting. older has afforded me is the knowledge that that is just [ __ ] [ __ ] and the more i remember anytime i think of a time in my life where i listened to. like the sort of like vague majority. idea of what i was supposed. to do at a certain time. or a situation yeah those are the only situations. i regret if i regret anything. that's always what it is. so don't do that do what you want. to do yeah if you want. to travel then [ __ ] travel but don't do it just because you're young and single and have no big commitments it's not you're not necessarily going to. regret that later in life which is what his implication was hmm. yeah yeah true good point. all right next one big fan. so i am in the army. and i live in barracks barracks are basically. like college dorms except minor way. shittier so my situation is i have a suite. mate who lives next door. that i have to. share a bathroom with and one thing that he always does is no exaggeration this. noise like multiple times a day. he does it in the shower. when he's on the [ __ ] and i hear him. doing it when he's in his room. i mean uh i've only had one interaction. with this guy previously. where we both discussed keeping the bathroom. clean and uh it he doesn't do. it if i don't clean it. it doesn't get done so let me know what i should do. how i should approach this. up until this point basically all i've been doing is every time. he's in the bathroom going i hit him. back with a ladder you know. it brings joy to. my life um wow kind of being a dick. like that but yeah let me know. i mean that's 100 what you. would recommend so you don't. even need to throw up. do it so hard. that you throw up just [ __ ] uh i used to. i had a roommate in college. my sophomore year no you. didn't because you didn't make it. to yourself right uh who would hawk so many [ __ ] loogies that he would have kleenex on him at all times and just spit his loogie into. the cleanup oh my god down where he was oh. come on yep no. i don't no you don't. oh no you don't um wow. yeah and uh so i had have had some experience with disgusting. roommates and suite mates but i would say. the hawking thing it's probably. like a health reason well ask him. what the [ __ ] is going on what i'm saying. is he's not just doing. it for recreation maybe he's got some situation. where he needs to. be doing that get it. figured out the dirty. bathroom thing though no you gotta confront him. about that yeah you're a [ __ ] tough guy [ __ ] in the corner of the dirty. bathroom anyway he brings it up. be like oh that's what we're doing. [ __ ] on his pillow. on his bed okay. well if i get you know dishonorable discharge. yeah but then you can just say. well this guy's always going would you get through. another arm for my [ __ ] on my roommate's. pillow my sweet mate's. pillow why'd you shouldn't. sweep it exactly yeah reinstated. uh give him his medal. i mean that sucks but you can't. do anything about this you can maybe you can maybe but you could be like yo. dude is everything okay like with your that's yeah. sure that would work yeah maybe he could go to. the you know whoever the i don't know what a doctor ceo. oh the ceo yeah co. commanding officer you're talking about. going to a medic yeah. but when when you say cr i think of that two box. on it goes hey co. turn the [ __ ] lights out okay well you're talking about tupac. too much you think i don't know. yeah well i do know. you do okay well uh uh i want to. listen to that song. again that's it i don't know that what song. is it it'd say it. was on um are you still down. the album oh damn damn. i don't remember that um posthumously whatever. that word is that's the right. way to say it yeah. yeah so i think that um i think that that's a also you don't you've only had one. conversation with your sweet man. i guess i don't know how it is weird. but like crazy in the military he said. but um is that normal. that doesn't sound normal maybe one conversation. with someone you share a living space. with no that doesn't sound that seems weird. but he did say that. yeah maybe there's some like instant animosity. between them maybe he's doing that. to piss him off. um yeah that's what i'm saying. ask him about it or start. doing your own thing that is just as loud. and disgusting when he's living in peace. in his own in his own. home in his own space. right drink a lot of chocolate. milk and just go to. the door and fart or or drink. a lot of chocolate milk. and make yourself throw up. when you walk by him you know. chocolate oh my god i'm so sorry. you know dude i used to. drink chocolate milk so much. in high school i would drink. it at lunch no chocolate milk. not yoohoo yoohoo is so good. but you is chocolate yeah but it wasn't chocolate. that's a little watered down. chocolate i'm talking about milk. with chocolate and it was like you know altadina oh like the mini carton thing. yeah and you drink i would drink. it fit by fifth. period man dude just straight up and just not giving a [ __ ] because there's so many people around you guess what it's not me yeah yeah well you can fart him in a big group of people you're always gonna be okay this is when i fart i go like this yeah yo yo yo here yeah yeah yeah or if you're really aggressive and the first one to. notice it the smelter delta. thing is you can blow past. that what do you mean. like you know smelt it. down it's a lie it's melted. people stand by that. and they'll be like oh you must have done. it no if you bulldozed through that [ __ ] hard and you're just like oh come on me come up. but you smelt it. first you can both like i'm saying. oh yeah i don't know maybe it. was me you don't smell. that maybe it was me. i see you turn it. on turn it around. on him yeah yeah uh i think uh honestly. smelta delta does a lie. i've always thought smell that. thought that was a lie. and i i never subscribed. to that and if i smell. the fart first i would say yo. that's somebody not me what. do you mean what does. that mean it is a lie. what if someone says it and they're not. lying the notion of smelt. it dealt it he never smelt. it dealt it is a lie. you're saying it's a fallacy it's not a lie. you're lying if you say hey oh dude. it has happened he smelt. it he dealt it that's a lie. but it has happened you're saying it's a lie. it's like people say the devil. is a lie rick ross. said that okay stop that's rick ross. i didn't say it was tupac. i've never read a song too. okay all right just bring up. rappers after everything you say. you know but smelt it. dealt it is something people have done before. it's cool to say smelta. delta is a lie oh okay and and i didn't realize how cool it. was until after i said it a bunch and now i'm like i stand. by that dude okay all right. well the devil is a way. to say that is that it's a fallacy. not a lie but okay do you think smelt. it dealt it saying is more often true. or more often false false. well i know i know what you think. that's a lie uh i bet it's about half. and half hold on. because i bet a lot. of people who i bet. a lot of people are like the way. to get out of this. is to pretend i'm smelling it. hold on because then that makes me seem innocent. here's why that's where the whole. expression comes from that's why. it's not a lie here's why. smelt that dealt it. falls on its face okay why would you admit. that you smell a fart. if it's you first are you were you [ __ ] born yesterday. it's so you can throw people. off it's so that you're you because because exactly what you said. who would ever do this. no one would ever out. themselves out out a fart that they did themselves so of course it's not them everyone knows that so that people are going to. be the one who volunteer. not the thought that came up. yeah obviously that's a lie. no dude we just figured it. out and you agreed you're saying half. more than half the people. who go oh someone afford it. is that no i said half. and half of the time. when someone is accused of smelted dealt it. is is all right and or and wrong. i guess 50 50 yeah oh that's so weird. to even get in the weeds. like that about it. yes and i answered him. it's weird he asked. that okay okay do you when you fart. i don't fart okay if you were to. okay what percentage of the time. would you be like oh someone farted. oh that's a good question. um me 30 percent put it this way only if it was like noticeable oh someone farted yeah yeah that's good you would probably be like it's me sometimes. no no oh so a lot. of big percentage see i go. like this sometimes 70 of. the time thirty percent i go. ah come on david so then isn't a lie seventy percent of the time. i'm truthful but if you say something's a lie. that means a hundred percent. of the time it's false. you're admitting right now that it's 30. of the time correct that's when you do. it you're doing it in a way. where you're being obvious. that you're doing this like that. it's you you know what i'm saying. probably mostly oh i see what you're saying. he's saying oh david you farted. you know and it's david's not. even there yeah he's like across the room. hello dude you farted. the chances are though. that david farted and some you talk about the capacity. in the in recent memory okay. why and i'll tell you why. because he eats everything. dude david sullivan was over. eat a [ __ ] battery if it looked like a twinkie you've had sauce on it yeah exactly dude he came over last night he came over last night and he was like he came over from dinner and i ordered and he ate it he ate your food. i ordered him something he was like ah it's got cheese. on it man i can't eat that. you can't eat cheese. since when so they talk about smell. that delta but he has a chi. he eats the cheese. and then later on and and then later on i looked and there. was like so much missing out. of the pasta and then how was he not so fast. i don't know i asked him. that the other day what do. you say our friend david sullivan. who's in all of my vlogs go. look he's been on this. show hasn't he oh yeah. he has been on the show. on the live live show. yeah he's so he i don't know how he's not like because he's so fat. he's he's the kind of almost he's like an almost fat. guy he's perpetually almost fat. like always almost fat you know. what i'm talking about where he's like about. to be fat at all. times but he's never fat. like his button's almost about to. go yeah and he's got like a wide. his like hips are wide. on the top of his legs. no not like falling over. oh wow it's a dick. yeah uh uh yeah i don't know. he's not he's not that fat. he's not that fat yeah. no he's not fat he's almost fat. all right that's what i just said. i'm not even close. to it no you're not. you have been in your life. but not right now what that's not true. all right is that the last. one what are we doing that's it. yeah sure okay hey matt. hey chris so i have a really dramatic. neighborhood fast forward long. ranty text messages hey matt hey chris so i have a really dramatic neighbor who's sending these long ranty very angry text messages about the noises of our dog emma here's emma um she says things like and i quote i think your dog won't stop barking and the entire building can hear it and it's very loud she's right at the door doing it so it's extremely loud not just for me but for everyone she also said and i quote i hear you guys clear as day all day footsteps the dog howling barking i can hear it all clear as day 24 7. now we know this neighbor doesn't have any actual leverage to. get us kicked out of the apartment. because we asked him. i can't believe it. i'm a barking and we set up. a camera and we can see that. emma barks for about 10. to 20 minutes each day. after we leave the house. for work and then she stops for the rest of the day. until we return home now we're still. working to reduce this barking. because clearly there's some separation anxiety. there and we found some success. already but this neighbor continues to. send us dramatic text. messages asking us to. implement inhumane strategies like shock collars. or spray collars or locking emma into. a small room at the other end of the apartment. that's not above this. neighbor is there anything we can say to. this neighbor to. encourage her to. look inward and consider her own. sensitivity to neighbor noises and these are the people that are running. this world and these are people that are in your government and joe biden is yeah a daughtering fool. uh uh so so uh just always respond. with the same thing always responds with the same. thing there's nothing their neighbors. can do there's no recourse they can take all you. should ever do and you should do. this every single time. is respond with lol. and that and that is it. they might they can respond. more it doesn't matter you. don't write it again. every time they have a new complaint. you just type back. lol dude that's it it's so weird. it's so weird that people are just so terrible. man like if the dog like take it. up with the building manager. at that point it's not even i think what happened. is the person probably did take it. up with the building manager. but was told there's nothing we can. do we could and i know. but they're gonna keep pounding the residents who own the dog. because that's their only recourse which is why. you should just write lol they're just obviously. super woke people that don't like ben shapiro no they think he is ben shapiro yeah yeah. uh because they've heard him and his voice. is exactly identical to. ben shapiro's voice um yeah right. back lol yeah that's a good advice. man i mean that's so dumb. that they do that yeah. okay so here's the thing. you can't spend too much. time or energy time and energy. thinking about just true. died in the world through. them through [ __ ] and that's what that person is and so you gotta [ __ ] read the text and kiss it goodbye with an lol and never never think about it again okay good yeah that's it you know all right well that's it that's the show for today go to. chrislea dot com to. get tickets i'll be in minneapolis. milwaukee irvine oxnard and chrisley dot com. and also be in ohio. if you got a question uh go to. watch lifeline dot com and also you get the new merch. lifeline lifelinemerch dot com and if you have a we want to. get a oneonone session with matt. go to mattdelia dot com. uh and find out how it is. but anyway thanks like and subscribe. and also leave a comment baby. pump that i'll go we love it thank you. [music] 