 foreign hey guys i want to. talk to you about something. called original grain i wish i made up. that name but i didn't i like to. make things up and i didn't do that. original grain the company. did because they're a great. company and um look at this. look at that heavy chunk. i love it i love it. right there on my wrist. like that yeah go. to originalgrain dot com lifeline. and use code lifeline for a total. of 30 off they are currently. running a 20 off. black friday well not black black friday. deal right now but using my lincoln code. will give you an extra 10. off so that's multiple percentages stacked. on top of each other and that. makes a total of 30. off wow the highest markdown you'll get for the holidays. really so uh look it's made of rare. rugged bro look at that. that's good it makes it. nice it looks cool. with my tattoo larger watch face. right great blender style functionality. comes with a stopwatch timing system and a calendar. date function the back. of the watch could be engraved personalized. look it's great for christmas. it's great for gifts right. weddings birthdays anniversaries whatever perfect to. pair with uh the broward silver. tungsten ring also sunglasses back in stock look at your boy with them. right on right here out. they were sold out. no i know but they got them. back in stock and they sold out. they sold out after last our last ads. and uh use the link. in the code that's code. lifeline at originalgrain dot com. lifeline lifeline is the code. to get 30 off sitewide. wow whether you are shopping for yourself. or someone special adam. and eve will have the perfect. gifts and with an amazing. deal you guys can you get just about. any item at fifty percent off. plus free shipping you can get every wow. almost any item yeah dude. when you uh use this. podcast exclusive code lifeline at checkout. lifeline our podcast listeners will get 50. off almost any item. that's anything you know that's like a new. toy slippery lube you get a slippery lube and really almost anything you could possibly. desire also when it. shows up it's gonna be discreet. it's not going to. expose it's not going to. let you know let your neighbors. know what the deal is yeah. it doesn't matter what you choose. it'll be in discrete packaging. not only we save money. on gas movies and date. night dinner's out but this is the item. that will continue to. save your money deliver tons of fun. and satisfaction you get more pleasure. in the bedroom it's the gift. that keeps giving just treat yourself treat your partner. baby life is too short. to not enjoy go to. adamandeve dot com select any one item. use code lifeline lifeline this is an exclusive. offer specific to. this podcast so be sure to. support our show and use this. code lifeline to. get you not just the 50. off but also the 100. free shipping so that's 50 and then 100 wow code. lifeline go to. adamandeve dot com right. now adamandeve dot com baby. lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional [music] all. audio okay why are you being like a i want to. know have you ever seen the rain. wow i'm good remember when i used to. call chris our producer reigns yeah you don't do. that anymore i don't do. that anymore why don't you do. that anymore because i'll tell you why. i'm not a [ __ ] prick like we're not supposed. to swear in the beginning. oh because i'm not sure an effing a mother. effing prick like i was when i was 19. well why you did that for a long time dude. yeah because you want to. explain what that was about. yeah i was gonna say. no you i don't know. i don't know it started it. started explain what it's about working. baby i wanna know and now see now. all right okay see now [ __ ] he's doing it like this trying to. change the thing you see. anything like this all right. so um that's it when people do shazam. and they're like here we go. yeah i do that it's like dude. it it'll work the sound goes. everywhere i unfortunately so if i'm like i want to. know can you ever read. i don't even remember rain. i don't need to. do that you know what. that is that's the guy. who sings that what is the noise. well that's annoying okay that's okay. for audio should it should have made coffee. before we did the thing. didn't make coffee before. we did the thing so instead of that. he's doing it while we're doing it. and there's gonna be a sound in the background. now that's clear and obvious. that he shouldn't have done. that am i right 100 okay. great that's all now that being said we got interrupted. talking about rains now. why did you used to. call them reigns and rains. man guys i used to. call them marines because why that's what i want to. know chris i want to. know why you calling them. reigns and rains man guys range. band guys was my personal. invention for my fantasy uh baseball. team name we have a producer. we've known him since childhood. my brother used to. call our produce also he's turning. on the sink great so much. noise i wanna know why i turn on this. thing it also make [applause]. omega is on an elephant. comes in so [ __ ] oh he's doing it dude. i'll do that how about when you don't think. about how you can move stuff. yeah yeah you're just like oh well that's in the way. even though it's light you can't go like this. one like that that was what you're doing. to turn his fingers don't. go that way you go. yeah you know yeah yeah. exactly dude so all right. so why did you call. him reigns i called him reigns. i don't know why you don't remember. why oh i know why. i used to. make a joke that. i thought he looked like dallas. reigns the the weatherman oh my god. i mean is there anyone. that looks less like dallas. raines no uzi vert but i also got everyone else on board. with it so we would all be like oh dude. you look like that guy what's his name. and then everyone said it. and so then everybody saw how much it got him. mad that we said that even though. he's super [ __ ] handsome that guy uh i mean and he's got the crazy good. streaks in his hair all right uh and he you know. he lives close to. our relatives and stuff so the thing. is he got mad and so it. perpetuated it but then we became adults and stopped because we realized that's like basically bullying you know. not really i mean just calling him. some handsome newscaster guy i know but yeah he would get mad. yeah okay cool then he stopped getting. mad and was like that only held a mirror. up to our faces and we were like. why are we bullies. you know hmm interesting so why am. i a bully so basically reigns. calling him reigns helped made you look. inward yeah why am i a bully why are you a bully. a student film student film a bully. student film i love you. despite your flaws so bad. so listen um so listen. you used to. call them rains which is fine. but what i want to. know is that that lasted for i mean. maybe a decade. forever yeah so why did it. stop one day it stopped or what no. it just fizzled out i. grew into an adult. and stopped saying it it was stupid. and you still call mike. sharp ikebarf i called mike. sharp eichbarf but that has. that has evolved into. ichabod barvik nugen okay so what so why. do you call him ichabod bar. vignogen well first of all you're still an adult. and you've grown yeah so why would you call him ichaboda he's in barfing nugen. he's in my phone is like about. barvik nugen okay and then it's and then you know where it says like company. name yeah i did stupidest. [ __ ] tm okay okay so you're still a bully didn't realize much but that's in my own. phone i'm not like telling him. right this is a reminder. oh he's calling me what he's. gonna say might be stupid. as [ __ ] right okay it's just a warning myself. so so yeah so like bar. productions you know was first because mike. sharp like barf is very simple. and easy so but it sounded a little too short. so i made it sound like very sort of airy. and oldtimey ichabod barfic nougat. okay now also then sometimes to. get you back he calls you. hat he calls me. hat well now he calls me. house i think about mike. is that he's stupid as [ __ ] and comes up. with the worst comebacks what so i'll call. him ike boyfriend he'll. be like oh how's julia why. house i don't there's no reason. at all and she just does. it but it's also really funny. and he knows it so now. he does it more you know. because it's he knows how bad it. is yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. yeah yeah i mean house. delia house dalia is so. sick actually i'm gonna name a kid. house yeah you should you should wow. man that's absolutely incredible. thank you what'd you do. today uh so here's what i did. i woke up the [ __ ] pretenders i woke up when i wake up i woke up and i saw my dog it. doesn't have to. be actual every single second. no and then i and then i saw my dog. and i said hey jenny you mean what's your dog's name. charlie why'd you say jimmy. i didn't i said hi. jenny i mean dude. anthony just burped so loud so it was so good. it was right after right. before the episode matt said matt said. man anthony you're so quiet. yeah it was and then he just goes he was offended. by me saying he's quiet. what do you think is worth. burping or farting uh i know mine a loud. one is a burp burps or disgusting. [ __ ] face anthony get that [ __ ] away from my face dude. farting i can deal with burping i cannot. deal here's especially why you can make an argument that. a fart is uncontrollable. no you can okay. yes dude you could sometimes you think it's gonna come. out quiet and it doesn't with a burp it's just like quiet where birds are worse than big ones yeah big ones but those are worse oh so gross. dudes just like imagining the acid. yeah it's those [ __ ] bert those uns burps. yeah they're terrible they're disgusting. they're so disgusting anthony. is [ __ ] disgusting. outrageous i i burp only when i drink heavy carbonation it's in private. that's okay the wet ones are fine. but like the [ __ ] it is in private. burps are for private anybody that just goes but is disgusting. and a [ __ ] ape is absolutely disgusting. okay the other thing is. i used to. have a roommate in college. who used to burp. all the time it was almost like he had a sickness. where he would just nonstop burped and he would and he would rub. his belly when he did it. oops why doesn't this. work he would rub his belly. when he did it everyone's listening. to you okay just he just that's disgusting. that's disgusting and then even hawk loogies into. pieces of tissue and sometimes. if he wasn't close. enough to the trash. you just put it on his desk. oh god that's disgusting. ew everyone like his buddha. okay that's disgusting look. if you have a question click the link. in the description below or go. to watch lifeline dot com you can get oneonone advice. sessions with matt at mattdelia dot com. and those have been going gangbusters. and all the great new. lifeline merch is at lifelinemerch dot com. i will be in new york. i will be in san diego. i will be in seattle. i will be in lakeland. i will be in um of lakeland. florida i will be in jacksonville. i will be in uh seattle. portland i will be in chicago. go to chrisley dot com. san antonio texas sugar. land new orleans new york these are all the kansas. city springfield look at all these tulsa wow. midland austin jesus cincinnati. ohio columbus ohio boise idaho. minneapolis boise and absolutely you. know a lot of dates. but gotta collect them bags. you know what i mean. that's pretty pimping bad collector you know. look at my roommate though. you know what he the thing. he did that i thought was the most. unacceptable was none of those. things what was it. not hawking loogies and leaving. him around not burping not rubbing. his belly severed heads. in the freezer went to. a cold play concert. already bad came back yeah. i asked him how it was and he said pretty. grubbing all right at that. point i knew this man is a bad person to. have around in my orbit dude. they cannot be in my life. anymore so how was it and i said i said i said what do you mean. pretty grubbing did you [ __ ] eat it. like what are you talking. about how is how it's so funny. to be like the [ __ ] and he's just like dude. this is grubbing i mean. yeah that's literally what it. was that's great that he was like how is it. you know how copenhagen he's. like pretty grubbing and that's what i knew. in freezeman yep i could never hang out. with him ever again yeah yeah he said coldplay. was pretty grubbing and then when i made him. feel bad about it like put him. on the spot about it. he just went like this back. to rubbing his belly. it was like his nervous. tick uh honestly dude coldplay is pretty. grubbing what's the other about it. they're kind of grubbing yeah what's the other one. that goes man not the uh yellow. what's the other big one. the clocks one what's the clocks. one they have a bunch of books. and clocks one i don't talk. one to go oh it's the one. that's kind of fast [applause]. this is what the producer did. i said what did they go. it goes like this yeah didn't even look. up yep didn't for a second. dude yo hey dude imagine so sick. it was such a baller. move imagine if you were in a meeting and just some guy like i totally isolated no you're gonna. go ask for a raise. you walk in he's just no no. what if you asked for the raisin. then he did that yeah. yeah you know i've been thinking i. work really hard for you. guys i was wondering you know. other companies pay more could i possibly. maybe get a raise. that would doesn't even look. up at you yeah playing wordle well. the biggest baller on the face. of the planet outside stack okay. cool yeah dude i mean. i just think that's pretty grubbing. honestly to be doing it. it's grubbing and when it's grubbing. it's grubbing okay um i oh oh oh this. is the other thing i don't bursting. i don't do oh oh oh i don't do the thing. on anymore oh i just real. quickly after somebody says something i say something. offensive and says you're looking kind of fat. in that shirt today all. right man you just go. like why even is anthony. laughing at that because it's great. because he understands his greatness. all right so okay. yeah you look fat. in that yeah yeah dude. you're a pro you're fat. pull yes dude all right. all right worst life coach. yes [laughter] [applause] tony robbins. with his big ass face. tony robbins has the deepest. voice you can't even understand. the words he's saying dude. he's just like well you got to. break up with your girl. do it right now wow that's such a good impression. right now and for everybody. three thousand people call right. now tony robbins voice sounds. like when one piece of earth. separates from the another piece of earth. so i used to. be california and now on two states. dude wow that's good huh. that's what it is i'd never know. i could do until now so i was in i was the san fernando. valley and now uh i'm two parts. okay i was in san francisco valley. that was one part and now two parts. i'm north san fernando valley. and i'm south san fernando. valley gonna wake up tomorrow and be like what's my voice. search yeah i have. dude it's gonna be the tony robbins. the person gotta wake up. call plunge that's what i. do i start my day. with cold punches you gotta shock your body. ever gotta shock your body. because you got to. be out of your element. everybody that talks about cold. plunges listen here's the deal you want. to raise you want to. talk about a cold plunge. you gotta talk elsewhere about that. i don't want to. hear about your culture. it's a bit like the how yoga used. to be you're being a vegan. i don't want you to. recommend a cold plunge to. me i want you to. go away talk about the cold plunge. to someone else what do. you ask me what i think about. cold lunch what do you think about cold lunch. pretty grubbing yeah well. then you would like them and then we would not be brothers. anymore because plunge pretty pretty grubbing. anything with cold in the beginning. yeah um all right well yeah and i all busted pretty. good pretty good pretty robin yeah. that's right yeah um you know i really uh i really uh enjoy the banter. i really enjoy our [ __ ] i really. also enjoy taking submissions but i gotta say. sometimes when we just go and it's having a good. time and we're just kind of feeling. it you know that's what i like yeah. me too man i mean. i like it i know. the show's lifeline i love the guests. but i love the banters too. you know yeah all right. uh and that's just how it is. okay so let's go um let's go into. a into it right. now and our first submission. all right well matt said he wants. a lot of details i'm keeping it. wrong my baby okay good here. we go in an airplane. hangar so to start off i'm an old school. born in chicago sicilian. just a piece of [ __ ] okay and i'm only 22. and i know chris you're the youngest baby. of all babies but not exactly. right i feel like you're literally me. so and this sensitive ass. sappyass world that we live in especially with kids. my age and me being like the opposite. of everything the status quo is okay. i just want to. know how you keep that. like strength and that uh momentum you know. i i feel like i keep getting like dragged. down just for having my own. opinions and thoughts and i'm [ __ ] sick of it so just a good old discussion you know starter y'all can help me out just a little bit okay so here's the thing you're very young and you described this sort of sensation of being pulled down. by the world maybe or by people around you you know what that's called. that's called life wow okay. let's go life okay. that's what life is wow. the worst tony robbins you. get dragged down oh really are you well. that welcome to. life okay yeah okay so you open. the door and there's life right. that's what happened okay. so you think you're you're gonna hit the grain. you're looking likeminded people all. right you can't find him. you open the door okay. hey guess who guess who just came over. life all right so life's. over it's not what are you. gonna do life's in your house. right you gotta live with life. right yeah this is life. wow okay girlfriend break up with her okay that's tony's. advice now chris oh chris is leaving. okay bye chris i think honestly. that you uh you're fine. relax you're 22 and everything's gonna be okay down that's life. that's what happens it happens. to everybody it happened. to me sometimes it happens. at 25 sometimes it happens way too late. sometimes it happens at 22. sometimes it. happens when you're 16 you know. you get kicked out of the house. whatever the [ __ ] going on you have crazy parents. um but yeah this is how you feel this. is how you're supposed. to feel everything is by. design it's fine but find likeminded. people chill have a good. time you're young experience it smoke. that stick yikki yeah right. definitely that chocolate tie. i'm not in condoning weed. but get your card get your card. and maybe do it legally. right okay eat gummies do. whatever the [ __ ] okay and uh you know i don't know what maybe the problem is is that she's being like uh too much for her friends or something or too much. in this world she feels like she's too much. like she's saying things that are offending people i don't know. i get the sense she doesn't seem to. have a filter yeah she doesn't seem to. have a filter and you know. i'm a comedian i'm okay i make a living off of that. often a good quality but not always it. is often a good quality but not always i will. say so maybe every now and then just take a look. at yourself and what you might be doing right. um also like you're young and just chill the thing. about being young it. sucks to when i remember when i was young. people would always say oh you're so young. you'll figure it out i hated that. nothing nothing i hated nothing more than that. but there's one part of that. side but yeah that carries. weight in retrospect and it's it's this. when you're young the amount of things. you've experienced are just naturally less. than someone who's older. because they haven't lived as long. it's just like there's no way. around that and because of that. significance of things that are less. significant in truth feel more significant. because of the condensed amount. of experiences that they've had. okay so what i'm saying. is to expound on. what i was saying before. about that's just life. it feels crazy and chaotic and wild and dramatic when you're experiencing it. when you're 20 right. but in truth it's just another day. for an adult yep and you're new to. that so what i'm saying. is get used to. it yep and it's like that's life. you gotta turn the other cheek. okay what the hell was that's. life you said that's life. but what did you do. that's the frank sinatra song no it wasn't not what you did. that's life sometimes you gotta turn the other cheek. you gotta walk into. myself utterly fell apart but my point. is uh yeah um it's allowed. but uh yeah i think that that's what you should do. what i said i like coke. and i don't mean the drug you know. wow uh great great today. great to meet you and uh we really hope. you figure it out but i think mainly. right now don't even worry about. it yes you're just you you're gonna. be you yes this is the time. you get to be unapologetically. you when you're done. too right yes you're not famous. not like you have to. watch what you say really. but every now and then just look a little bit inward. and be like did i really hurt. anybody's feelings yes all right. so that's cool dude. one time you were talking about you were talking. about being young one. time when i was in i was in a um uh what are called. little league and our coach. his last name was young. and he had a kid. on the team that was named. something young i remember this. was her last name and i told matt. travenin our neighbor jersey. yeah oh wow so my friend. that um they made us sing. forever young because that last name was young. what do you mean. oh oh you made it up. yeah okay yeah and and he believed me. and i and i said like before. we we go out and we play. we would have to. put our hands in the thing. and go forever young. oh my god and he was like that's crazy. dude that's her last name. why would they make you do that. i was like i don't know what that's what made. me do i never told him. pick up the dumbest things man why do we do that. i don't know just testing the limits i guess. so the testing the limits of what we can get away. with that's what calvin's. doing right now and how's that. going for him uh it's i'm a sucker. bro he came up to. me and he goes like this. hey dad can i ask you for an ice cream. favor and i was like oh my god those are good. favors oh my god it. was so cute he wanted. ice cream and that's what and yeah. i gave him ice cream. how could i not he was trying. to be polite he was. like i could see these motors work like i want to. get the ice cream so i got to. be polite about it he thought. that's how to. be polite hey dad. can i ask you for an ice cream. favor and it was the cutest thing. ever it's not wrong that. is designing cute and i gave him [ __ ] ice cream. because it was so cute. it would be cute even. if he was like 23. that's just cute oh down. the line what's up matt. can i can i ask you an ice cream. flavor yeah well not if you asked it. like that but yeah proper like excuse. me uh can i ask you an ice cream favorite i ask. you an ice cream flavor. see that's cute yeah you're right. yeah i've been cute even. though i'm i was on 42. yeah. wow i'm 42. that's crazy. yeah you know why because you remember when i was seven. uh barely remember when i was 11. uh yes isn't that crazy. yes dude that is so crazy. you remember when i was 11. yeah i'm gonna absolutely kick my ass. i remember two let's talk about a little bit. outside no but how we had so much. fun as kids yeah i did. right yeah i mean the best. that i remember time just having the generally of the best. time was when we would be in the car. for long periods of time. and you and i would do this. thing where i was the audience. and i would say i bet. you can't make me laugh. five times in 30. seconds and the clock would stop for the duration. of a laugh so if i laughed really hard. it could potentially ruin the whole. possibility so once i regained a straight face or at. least stopped laughing the clock would start. again yeah uh on the three two one count right. yeah yeah and so almost invariably every single time. we would do it by. the time one or two. seconds came around you already. had four so it was like we would cr. i would create this. cliffhanger scenario of like is. he gonna get me and it. would be so hard trying. to hold it. in yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yes i did. it you know but rarely do you remember. that you would do it. too and you would always get me. with one thing do you remember what you would. always get me to. laugh at with you don't remember this. i don't know maybe you're gonna remember it. since i tell you is it. something physical yeah yeah kind of yeah. what was it oh the face. dude i couldn't i couldn't not laugh. at that dude you just get closer. and closer and closer. and i wouldn't be laughing. you just on my face. dude i would be dying that. is so weird isn't that from nerds. revenge the nerds i mean i don't know if that's one of the guys laughs yeah dude it was so [ __ ] funny wow such idiots kids are such dumb asses. wow i know so tall look up. look at the image of us. so tall people think you're short. of them you're like one. inch shorter than me. yeah but like to. be perfectly honest not even. one inch so watch your mouth. but uh yeah i know whenever i look. at the screen i look like i'm seven. inches shorter than you your [ __ ] is like three or four inches. shorter than mine though no. my [ __ ] is actually i'm two inches. shorter than i look standing up. but because my [ __ ] is so long it. pushes me up the head. of the penis touches the ground. and pushes me up. two inches such a [ __ ] dumb lie. no it's true okay well anyway at least we're hitting the hardhitting issues. let's go to. another submission let's go we've done. one and it's been 25. minutes in the show okay. i'll get i'll get my babies i love you. bro so i've been sober. for over four years there. you go i've got a wife and kid. which takes up a lot. of my time but i'm still struggling to. find enjoyment in a lot. of things sure yeah without drinking yep which is sad. yeah uh all the hobbies that. i get interested in are. still like shitty ones like gaming. and then i feel like i get addicted to. gaming and then i'll draw i'll try drawing. but then i'll just get addicted to. that and i'll just be doing that. too much i honestly. feel like i'll get addicted to. any [ __ ] thing that i do so she's what do you guys do in your spare time to. have fun it's over. i don't know if you guys. can help me out that'd be great. thank you i mean working first of all. those things are all better. than drinking yeah so gaming. and drawing i wouldn't necessarily count. that out but i know what he's talking about. he's not getting that high. from [ __ ] drinking of course that he is from drinking them yeah um i was listening to. a thing the other day. online where a guy. was addicted to. porn and the fact is that this doctor was saying he wasn't addicted to. porn necessarily he's addicted to. the dopamine hit that he got from porn which of course we understand that but uh he traded it for boxing and now he [ __ ] boxes and he gets that dopamine hit in a much healthier way and isn't wasting his time watching porn ruining his life but um you don't get to. come that way right. so boxing doesn't boxing doesn't. end in bukuki it never does. so um close enough though. yeah your face could be a mess. the but yeah it's just it's tough man. addiction is very tough you got to. keep going and trying. to do this for your kids. and your wife um and it's a struggle. man it's a constant struggle. it's a struggle for me. addiction is tough and it is very [ __ ] hard and um you know like i always tell i totally think i gotta get told last episode. but you know you got to. think about what you're grateful. about that's the opposite of this. [ __ ] man that [ __ ] darkness that demon the opposite of that is what you're grateful. about man because that's what you're living. for you're not living for this. [ __ ] demon you're living for what you're grateful. for and you are grateful. for the most beautiful thing on earth. that's your family okay i would also say you open. the door that's life you talking about hobbies you're talking. about things that keep you busy. passions in life that are outside of you know family. and all that uh i think it's best. to have a hobby. or whatever you want to. call it or even if you have to. be addicted to. something have it be something. that you can see the progress. as you go like gaming. is not that you know. like these are just things you do. and then they're over and then you go back. to your life and then you come back. and play again and it's just the same. thing over and over again. yeah but i know a guy who actually got really into. like working out yeah and like he can physically. see the games yeah you know. and and that is sort of in in place. of uh the drugs and alcohol that he was. taking it's night and day. i mean one thing. is amazing for you. right and you can see the the improvements. every single time you do the other one. is killing you so like i would. suggest even if it's not. something on your body. it can be anything that you can see. like even learning like what. about reading like those things. think about all the things you've learned. since you picked up that book it can be this. dopamine hit it's like you start feeling like you understand the way the world works and that's like a big sort of it's a really good sensation to. feel like you're learning about. something you know yeah. it's on your own and now you can you don't. need to go to. school for that [ __ ] learn about whatever you want dude it's [ __ ] a click away yeah you know yeah no excuse anymore. yeah everybody should be so [ __ ] smart and yet. and yet careful with that. addiction man it's so [ __ ] insidious you know it's so hard but what he's doing i feel for you you got four [ __ ] years under your belt belth belt and uh you know keep keep moving bro that's impress is really impressive. dude congratulations come back in another. four years let us. know yep also had so many [ __ ] layers on he did he was cold. yeah okay all right. let's do next one. hey guys so i need some advice. on how to. appear smarter than what i actually am i have a fear or insecurity whatever you would call it of being in a conversation with somebody them asking me a question and me just saying i don't know and the conversation just ending there um so my advice the advice that i would need is hey i guess should i just own the fact that i don't know whatever it is that's being talked about i just be confident in that or do you guys have any phrases or things that i should say in the middle of a situation like that something that i don't know so it doesn't look like i'm completely clueless oh my god let me know bro you're so much ahead of everyone else people talk about [ __ ] they don't even know about i have a whole i made a living off this [ __ ] man you are so it's so dope to be the way you are is to just not i don't know that's so awesome man i wish more people would say they don't [ __ ] know yeah i mean that's what everybody always wishes for the reason they don't is because they don't want to be the one that doesn't know but if everybody stop pretending everybody would be a lot happier because everybody realize oh you're dumb too oh you're dumb too yeah oh we're all [ __ ] dumb this is amazing just say oh nobody wants to do that yeah i mean it's okay it's totally fine to say i don't know because you already look better than the people who are putting forth opinions that aren't even based on facts those people [ __ ] suck but everybody can tell those people fell asleep on the microphone um make them feel bad for it they ask you a question go like this i don't know yeah why are you asking me that so personal me for dude personal the capital of florida is so personal what tallahassee who cares i don't know why would you make me say the word tallahassee is it is it it is tallahassee it is yeah don't clap for yourself it's nothing knowing that is nothing dude wow wow the ego for knowing the capital of florida at age 42 you know tyler freaking hassy dude i didn't even know well obviously you did i i didn't know i just kind of fired it out there i just used myself it was in your brain i do it the same. way i know that sometimes. the guy's australian when he calls in and before. he even speaks okay. i just got the gift. of here he's got women's. intuition oh wow hurt. your hands so bad. when you put that haircut. yeah do it but i think that that's uh. i think that oh that's a drama. i do it uh yeah you don't know. and that's the [ __ ] dude i love not knowing stuff. i don't know so much. stuff sometimes we'll try. to dummy stuff like this. i don't want to. know because i want to. know i don't know no. no you're halfway right. it's good to. say you don't know if you don't know but then ask them. what they're talking about they can. inform you then you learn then you know more and then go like this you're probably lying don't trust anybody do. it actually no that sucks. trust no one like tupac nothing. is your annoying about him. then you when you say like well how do you know that. that doesn't sound right it's like well it. is right you know. and you're like no it doesn't sound. right you know i think you're on a website that. website's fake yeah exactly that's basically what you do. yeah that's what i do. yeah yeah fake news. okay i don't know man. i feel like you know. own it um honestly yoki doodle dandy look at this. [ __ ] guy dude okay he's on swole. yeah he's very cool. he's [ __ ] only he's so big and his clock is so big yeah the guy is a [ __ ] absolute what is he's good at what is he good. at he's good at you. can do a full black backflip. bodybuilding dude the guy is just yoki. doodle dandy from the [ __ ] neck. down okay all right. let's do it all right. finally show been a final congratulations. for years absolutely love you. guys so nice my question. is what do you do. when your mates are a little bit cheap. my best mate love him. to bits don't want to. change him really but he doesn't ever. want to spend any money on food. like we'll all want to. go out we'll all want to. go to restaurant and have like a nice. time and i'm someone who really believes that. like it's worth spending a bit. of money for a nice. meal yeah dude and his mentality. is i've got beef and rice. at home so why would i go. out and spend money probably not gonna be able. to change him. now beef well what do. you think i should do is there. anything you think i can do. to get him to. change and to. try to like actually enjoy life. a little bit and spend his money. anyway love you guys hope to. hear from you thanks bro. dude you know you always want to. eat beans and rice. you won't go out and get a [ __ ] good meal man. don't stop being a cheapskate dude. i feel drinking beans you know. honestly i think that being uh cheap. is such a horrid quality. yeah dude even if you're broke. which i've been many a time. in my life pay money. for things that are worth. money and never stop doing things. even if you gotta [ __ ] dude i've had like seven cents in my bank account. so sad seven cents. so so sad it's unreal. okay uh but you know uh i've also been in the opposite. situation but i've had trillions of dollars. insurance no but the uh uh you never stop be not like idiotic. with money but like error on the side. of loose with money not tight dude. nobody wants to be around. someone that is super tight with money. well they obviously do though. because they keep inviting. them out that's the thing. he doesn't even go. the guy doesn't go so he doesn't even. have a chance to. be tight with money. so he's not so all right. so so basically this guy wants the other guy. to be like coming out. with them and also springing for it. yeah um maybe just tell them like yo. you're like losing out on life. like what's another what's 15. pounds or bucks or euros. or whatever the [ __ ] it is for you like you're gonna look back in your life and be like i never hung out with my friends because i was worried about saving twelve dollars i don't know i don't know also times are so [ __ ] tough though too i know but you gotta mix it up a little bit dude yeah you got to. give up that yaper. every once in a while for a good. time you're gonna give up that. april you're spending money to. live dude he's not spending money. for the meal somebody will be like oh that. steak is so expensive. it's like yeah but like you're paying for the time. out with your friends your family the people you like and care about i'm also just being a steak. i'm also gonna make up that. if he's friends with them the guy's not dirt. broke like maybe he's just being cheap. you know what i'm saying like that. is it yeah but i'm saying baby. he has the money i know. yeah i didn't even think about. that yeah yeah that's okay. so if he has the money then then it's like bro. no no no come on man. we got to live. especially if like you're in a group of friends. and you have more dude. spread it around be the one that like goes broke. spend it on your boys. mc hammer for whatever not to. that extent but that's what i'm saying. yeah that is what he did. people like hammer go. hammer go and he went and now he's [ __ ] broke dude now he's gotta go. get a loan yeah he would perform. it like you know. a high school graduation if you paid him wow. you know 2500 go hammer. go hammer go go go. go go and they meant to. wells fargo to ask for. a loan that's what they mean. all right cool sweat coming. all over my cheeks at a week. stand uh that harder than i ever. did before when they go. gotta make time but if i go. and they go and then when they were there. instead of saying the rs like he was mexican. the amount of sounds you. made yeah that go along. with the amount of words. that's very strange you. said made so many sounds so few. words here we go and now. see now it's my turn to. talk right so you talk for a while. i let you talk now it's my turn to. talk to school just keep doing. it right so now the way. we're gonna do it is i'm gonna talk right. just a little bit and then you talk. again okay go ahead okay i forgot. what i'm gonna say go. ahead he goes harder than. i ever did before that's what. he said yeah too legit. to legit goes legit. wow made it so bad that was legit. yeah that's legit okay. it was legit those legit. to quit hey hey those legit. wow no it would be like it would be those. legit to quit. i i yeah the slight. difference it was legit. those legit i i like that's the only word they would change yeah those two i don't know oh i know that. i'm just saying what if the song. really was that it's in uh what is what is here. he's looking it up what's legit. in spanish oh wow. it's legit it's right. there dude it was legit. my quit hey hey legitima yeah and then quit we do not quit. i don't know probably like thursday. doesn't have the same ring. to it doesn't have the simmering. so bad abandon our eye. dos legitimo does and i want. you to stop trying to. stop so bad that's the greatest. part about this podcast. that has ever happened dude. and what's interesting is if that's true. about i want you to. stop has to be the [ __ ] absolute title. of this okay okay here we go. look at this guy let's go. hey matt day chris what's up. uh starting a new job. in a couple of weeks. and i haven't told the old work yet. ah i just don't know how to. go i'll be out kelly. my current boss should i tell. him all the real. reasons why i'm leaving right. or should i i and say it's just for money. so if i don't like the new job. or i have a fail. safe and i can come back. or should i tell him. all the real reasons and burn the breach and just be stuck. with the usual good question. if you think you even if there's a very tiny. chance if you think there's a possibility that you would ever return to. that company just quit. yeah say you're moving on for. a little bit of better. pay that you had a great. time here uh but do not burn. the bridge there's if there's no. reason to and it's even. remotely possible you returned he said something. about returning dude just don't just don't don't be. don't burn bridges yeah yeah don't i mean. there's also there's also there's also a way to. make sure to. oh my god dude oh my god look at that. yeah i mean that's too many. of them yeah yeah um not the same. ring um so look um i yeah. also you have to. look out for your your career. that's a different thing. than your personal life you probably. personally want to [ __ ] jump down his throat. but your career would beg to. differ about how you would want to. handle this your career. is something that you have to. look for first of all legally. second of all you might need a letter. of recommendation or something like that. i just think it's best. to just fully agree bygones yeah. let it go better job. let it go yep let bygones. be around is that what it. is let burgers be bygones. it is yeah so um yeah i just think that uh los bagones. that's um yeah i think that that's what. you do good but you've got some steely blue. eyes yeah he's got that. beard too that is a man. that guy almost broke our [ __ ] camera he's pure man. that guy was it south. african or australian i honestly. couldn't tell i didn't even hear. the accent oh okay. okay all right cool making me look. bad but okay okay well next one wow hey guys what's up. my coworker slash good friend. wipes his ass back to. front and i want you to. tell him that he's a piece. of [ __ ] for that because that's not right and if you're a guy you're getting it on your balls dude this is hey you know what that's a great. idea getting your own [ __ ] on your balls. that's a great way. to do that yeah i mean. you don't have to. test it out because like he's not. because these are he if he's pushing. it that's big trouble. if he's pulling it at least. he's getting some sort of control. because he goes back to. front though i understand. but i'm saying you can either go. in between your legs. or over your back if you're going. over your back you're pushing. it and of course okay. going what did you say. but of course no i said jeff. gordon but if you're going it like this. you're hooking into it. and pulling it out with your finger. and i kind of understand. that move you probably get it. a little bit so you're saying you go in between. the legs yeah and put and like dig. it out okay but go backwards. because there's nothing there so you go. backwards and you just push it out no. you wipe your butt. front to back from front to. back right would be really weird. if you went front to. back from here you just go. you just push it yeah that would be very strange. like this so number one. who raised to back around. your back yes number two i say back. to front around the front between. your legs yeah so that's what he's doing. he's doing the number two way. we don't know that well. probably number three behind your back. no number three between the legs. pushing front to. back yeah number four is absolutely behind. the back pushing back to. front which is what. i pictured i mean if the guy's doing that. he's got severe [ __ ] problems and here's the thing you're right maybe about the one two three four yeah but only ever do the one yeah i do agree what's the second best way to. yeah whatever it's like you know. what's the second best. way to breathe. oxygen whoa through your mouth. or nose is one but it's two. i mean underwater yeah exactly. yeah underwater you split get an oxygen. tank hook it up to. your mouth yeah you can also just breathe. yeah yeah i think that that's trouble. dude i think that you should mainly. only do one wiping the way. you do it and that's crazy. also that was one of those ones. that secretly it secretly was him. so i got this buddy. uh so i got this buddy. uh you know and he looks a lot. like me but it's not me. 100 totally not me. um i think that that's crazy. i didn't even know that. people did that to. be honest i've never heard of it. because you because it's so counterintuitive. yeah it's so gross. it's interesting though like if you had like if you were raising. a daughter you'd have to. keep a mind about that. like i i have a son. and you go back to. front but you wouldn't do that. with a daughter right. you'd have to go back. go back to front what the hell's wrong. with you yeah when you wipe when i wipe my son's butt. oh oh oh i see yeah but as a girl a woman. if she goes poop like a little baby. to a oneyearold a oneyearold. woman okay one year old one. or a woman you go. front to back you gotta go. back otherwise it goes inside. the you know what i mean. maybe yeah but maybe with a boy. it's like there's no real. risk because there's nothing i i don't know what the hell do i know but you know what i'm saying. though right uh yeah i do okay. i think it's a good. thing to not talk. about right now though oh you're saying about i don't want to. think about yeah oh you're saying that. you go back front to. back anyway yeah yeah just always go front to. back if you're wiping your own. butt period full stop never do anything. else if you do anything. else because i don't do that. with my son but that's you doing it. to him yeah right. understood okay cool figured it out. once this is your books. hey chris and matt huckleberry and i are coming. out of the tall. grass to ask you. this question and we're gonna get specific with it. nice so i have a best. friend of over three and a half. years who last year. went from a busted up honda. accord to an obnoxiously. large jeep rubicon oh boy. this thing has a wench and a gun safe. oh none of which he knows how to. use let alone has any need for since we both. live in central. los angeles right and the ego. boost it is given this guy is beyond. whoa so my question. to you is do you have any insults. good digs to. playfully take him down to. peg because he needs it it's it's a lot love you guys stay. funny so he got thanks. so he got uh he had a busted up honda. accord then got a rubicon. and it's got a gun safe in it. and some what else did. uh wench what is a wedding. yeah what that is i also don't even. know what why does it. have a gun safe in it. a wench is those things. uh it's not even on. a winch is uh thing. that you use to. pull something else from your car. oh i got it wound. up rope i thought it was somebody. that works at medieval. times uh so hey wench can i have remember when you were a kid. you can call them. lunch you know even as a kid i was like no that's i don't want to. do that yeah yeah when can i be so insecure. about it excuse me miss wench. when can i have a more turkey please. uh okay and then what about. the gun thing yeah just tell them dude. relax all you did was get a new car. anybody can do that yeah. oh guy hey you're different now. yeah oh hey guy you're different. now you don't take [ __ ] yeah you don't slip. and fall sometimes you don't eat turkey. sandwiches every now and then you don't know front to. back yeah dude yeah [ __ ] out of here. i mean he's acting like he like did something. really cool and special no. you no he didn't oh god. look at the gun safe for the [ __ ] dude hey guy i want to. know if the car came with the gun. safe yeah i guess it did that's probably. an option that's so stupid he's in central. los angeles look unsafe. dude you get pulled. over gonna get [ __ ] shot yeah dude uh all right here's here's the snap the clap. back every time he says something or you know. intimates that he's special because he has this car all always say. all you did was buy. a car that is available to. everyone in the world who has mentioned she got a better. version of that car. that'd be hilarious. yeah right i mean just just reiterate that. it is it is a non. thing him buying a car is a nonthing. yeah how about this. whenever he says something and or does something say well. how does your car. feel about that he says what is it. well because it's so important. to you you [ __ ] loser and then spin move out of there that's good there you go yeah i take back mine that's good yeah he didn't even know how to. use the gun safe dude. that's hilarious why we even. pay for that feature you know you pay more. he's ballin dude i mean. he's pimp and pimping. but all right you want to. do another one i guess so yeah here we go. let's see what we got wow. me in an alternate universe. no [ __ ] uh he's still talking don't do it again. his mustache is afraid of the middle. of his nose what are you. laughing at which part the first part. yeah and you're my favorite person. slash comedian of all time. hell yeah dude matt i love. you too man i love congratulations. but i just wanted to. get in touch with you guys. and see if you guys had any advice for me. basically next semester of college. i'm going to be moving into. a twobedroom apartment with my roommate. who's been my best friend. since high school um and i didn't read the lease. well enough oh no because i'm a piece. of [ __ ] and i am now realizing that the only way i can pull out of the lease. is uh if i if i kill him. find a replacement and i'm now. realizing that i won't have the funds. for how expensive the apartment. is so um i don't know. how to go about. telling my best friend. slash roommate that i'm not going. to be living with him. and that um a potential random will be living with him. oh p confrontation so um i was wondering if you guys. had any suggestions on how i should go. about doing that but um time's a crunch so uh appreciate you guys take it easy. well i already packed this stuff. look at all the background. dude that is insane is wrong. dude yeah he signed it didn't. have the money and also didn't read. the least dude what the [ __ ] no wonder your mustaches don't like your [ __ ] self trying to. get away even your stash is trying. to get away from you man. yeah dude what is going. on well i mean that's bad. but i feel for you [ __ ] spilled milk. but let me be clear. you spilled so much [ __ ] milk yeah it's crazy it's because of professional here's what you can do here's what you can do go to. your friend tell them. this i know it's hard. because you don't like confrontation. but you tell him this. and then when he gets so mad. when he inevited inevitably gets so mad yeah. because you [ __ ] up and now he's got to. live with a stranger right. you're wrong really screwed his experience up. okay you [ __ ] ruined his [ __ ] life dude it's supposed. to be so cool. to go to college. you ruined that you [ __ ] ruined. your best friend's gonna get some [ __ ] nonspeaking englishspeaking. [ __ ] guy that he can't even communicate with and he [ __ ] his thought he'd have his best friend yeah i thought he'd literally have his best friend from childhood yeah but instead he got some other [ __ ] guy uh there's gonna be 50 or some [ __ ] um but yeah go when it whenever he gets so mad because he's gonna get so [ __ ] mad go like this oh man no i know i [ __ ] up yeah for sure no i know do that that is so funny man start he will think you're a big idiot and he'll start with like oh man i know i [ __ ] up so bad bro like oh god like start that way how could you do this yeah but start before you even say oh man you're [ __ ] messed up i'm sorry dude i didn't want i don't even know how to. tell you but so dumb. just like never stop annihilating yourself. yeah yeah and do that. because that's what idiots. do yes because yeah yeah dude. you handle it like a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] you explained. it you took ownership which is great. i mean kinda he hasn't even told his buddy. yet but he told him. he said he's like i'm a piece. of [ __ ] he's gonna tell his buddy because he's got to. tell us about it. because if he doesn't one day. his buddy's gonna [ __ ] wake up. and there's gonna be some 50. year old [ __ ] dude i mean imagine if he didn't tell her oh dude don't even tell him. and then suddenly there's this guy named sid. you know yep 57 year. old what the [ __ ] who are you sid it. calls your friend it's gonna pick. up no i know oh man. homer simpson doll you know. dude that's insane man. wow that's a good wait wait. wait uh i think that we need to. stop for a second okay and a grill. his ass even harder okay. just for a moment because he didn't ask. what the rent was going. to be yeah yeah are you [ __ ] the biggest idiot in the world or yeah the biggest idiot in the world not only did you not read the least you didn't ask anyone how much it was going to. be imagine looking at only. a sevenyearold has that imagine looking at the the thing and being like like after you already agreed. and you signed it yeah. like okay so he's like so your part. is whatever it is he's like foreign. money like the money that is you're saying. every month right yeah oh my okay. okay i mean okay cool. all right let me uh yeah. he's like let me uh all right. uh uh let me yeah. you know just such a [ __ ] idiot uh i gotta uh yeah dude. so it's gonna be two thousand. twenty two two thousand dollars a month uh okay let me uh i gotta that's cool. that's cool but let me um i got a [ __ ] there's something i needed to. do [laughter] i gotta call. uh my i gotta call. my my mom oh [ __ ] are you cool. with uh living with someone else that's a stranger. insane how do you not look at that. man ask how much how much the second month. rent the guy was like oh i need your second month. rent he was like wait. i already paid though yeah like just because he thinks one. month is it yeah yeah. i already paid it all. up front what because you said. the deposit or whatever. yeah that's right that was the deposit now. i need next month deposit is for all. of it right the deposit is for me. staying here yeah for a year. all right let me just making this. about his failure. to understand the out clause what's up. you're right right that's that's way. down the line he's like i'm a piece. of [ __ ] for not understanding for not reading the thing. the clause like how i have to. get out of it. right right is that what he said yeah. your [ __ ] up is way. before that yeah imagine going to. a supermarket and you getting groceries. and you [ __ ] put on a thing and they're like okay that'll be a hundred dollars. and he's just like oh [ __ ] right yeah or you go to. buy a [ __ ] like a cigarette. cigarettes that's however much it. is oh dude what you mean. this costs money too this. is uh where's the free. stuff yeah yeah i mean that's that's unacceptably. stupid to not ask how much. your rent is well uh all right. look uh you guys uh appreciate you. uh and also i'll be in uh new york. i will be in uh lakeland. florida and also be in san diego. and also um chicago [ __ ] um and austin. and midland texas and sugarland. texas new orleans providence. rhode island uh kansas city. missouri springfield tulsa minneapolis columbus anyway. a lot of different places. chrisley dot com go over. there and that'll be great. and get your tickets go. to get your merch. at uh lifeline what is merch. lifelinemerch dot com i mean what. do you what are you doing. what are you doing so weird. and not good acting in a movie. one on one obsession with your boy. mr math dalia book it. tuesdays and thursdays 1 35. 30 pacific time we thought oh what else you got that's it dude. that's it okay yeah and for the merch. go to lifelinemerch dot com. somehow some way somehow my brother. keeps on forgetting that even. though it's the most [ __ ] straightforward website. merch dot com oh i just don't know why. we have two different ones. the watch lifeline dot com and then also lifeline. merch that's just a really straightforward. website it's lifelines dot com. life rips [music] 