 i don't even like cary. caramel get out of here right. i agree but they're good. car know what to. do unless you're in snickers. get wait you're you're in snickers. all right i'll allow it. where else are you get. out of here i can only be italian. talking about food dude. runk hello hello hello hello hello hello okay cool what is up. hello everyone hello everyone welcome. to lifeline it's episode 85. all right it's sunday. november 26th i personally i. don't know about chris but i personally hope. you all had a beautiful lovely. memorable thanksgiving oh yeah it's been thanksgiving. that's right yeah and you know what for thanksgiving. you should be thankful for. everything in your life and and sign up. for lifeline luxury thankful. for everything in your life. you know and so because you're thankful. for everything in your life. you are thankful for lifeline. luxury being a thing that is real that. you can sign up for go. to patreon dot com lifeline. luxury see my special grow. or die it's available it's sunday. night what else you going. to do besides watch this. go to chris lea dot com. and get grow or diey. now streaming only on chia dot com. my fifth special and it's uh and yeah that's what's up. so i'll be in trenton phil. adelphia reading oxnard california brea i will be in sacramento. i will be in el paso. phoenix and albuquerque go to. chris dot com to. get tickets you know what i today. interviewed someone who saw someone so bad. so far burned to. death uh in front of his eyes. lit himself on fire and burn. to death you know how i heard that story on my upcoming. podcast called the private record it's not a comedy. i interview people with really wild. stories some of them are really funny. yeah some of them are about. witnessing other humans burn alive uh so you got a crazy story doesn't have to. be that crazy but crazy. according to you submit. yourself as a potential guest. to the private record at the private. dot com find us. on instagram tik tok baby. baby and sign us sign up. on youtube get all the alerts. subscribe at the private record. uh go to watch lifeline. dot com you get merch. and you can send us a message. and all that stuff and send a submission. anyway what's up guys what's going. on what's up what's up. what's up anthony anthony. so we have a thing. with anthony uh he doesn't say hi. no no no yes i do mako didn't. say hi he doesn't say hi. loud no i know we're going to. get to that but generally anthony. doesn't say hi and when he does like today. he doesn't do it loud. enough so i i thought you said i don't say hi. you started to when i got mad at you. yeah but it's like dude. you care about people. enough to care enough. to say hi yeah but also it doesn't matter. to say hi really honestly. it's not it doesn't it's not. that it matters it's not. like important information you put away. it's just what people do. to acknowledge one another's presence. when someone walks into. a room full of people. they know and none of them. look up or say [ __ ] you feel like a [ __ ] ghost yeah you know say hi to. people say hi to. you though you did okay. fine you did you did. it too quiet is. what he's saying you did. it too quiet which is basically. worse than not doing it. at all you do it. to quiet why so well it's the same. thing as not saying at all you know. yeah it's like tried but you didn't really. try so you might as well not i walked. in and mako didn't say. [ __ ] to me well. there you go that's worst. that's the worst thing you can do. and and we walked in and by the way. the monitor we use to. talk to people is just on the ground. and and mess it's actually the tv. is all dented up. well it's just smashed and and and and i thought that maka comes. here every day and he's like man. i haven't been here in a few. days you're saying he doesn't work that hard. well no i'm not saying that. i'm just saying we're it's not it's not uh and something's not. adding up you know he says he comes. here every day all right. and then this is fallen. and he's like well i don't know i haven't been here in a few. days so which is it. yeah what is it well. start lying here we go. clear to throw i haven't. been here in a few. days uh i didn't say. hello today um a dog all of these things. are true on the stand. on the stand i guess. i'm i'm not really sure yeah here we go. taking it real serious. i like it yep what. i need to say at this. point oh okay well sorry about the hello i usually do i'm very tired that's okay. man you're in you're i don't care. i'm just pointing it out. sounds sounds like you do you're right. you're right soundes but i know usually do i don't care. at all i'm mister i don't care. about that he doesn't care. about that i care about that. yeah i think it's pretty. i don't think you should care. about that so some you walk into. a room it's like me. mom dad chris and anthony are there. we're all hanging out. kristen's there you walk in and no one even looks up mom and dad. this this situation is different. su you walk just go su that's something. but i do do that every time. i come in i do that. what i'm saying is if someone didn't if no one. that did even sup then what you'd be like what. happened well you would get upset. because you'd walk in and say sup. and i wouldn't say anything. that's even worse of course. that's the only thing i would do i would walk in and say up. but i'm when i'm already in and someone comes in and say say. up i don't know in this. situation i don't need to. say a up we're g to. have a whole conversation. we what yeah glad you all. and this is work for people. so i'm glad you all agree. that it's good to. be disrespectful no and shitty. that's great that's we're saying that's great. that you all decided that and that i'm the lone wolf. with respect for other human. beings it's fine i'm sorry. but look uh you know. it is what it is honestly. and it's okay and we don't even. need to talk about it. all that much but we did. already so my you know. i couldn't get my i couldn't get calvin's. toys the right way he wanted. and he said no no no. you're ruining you ruined. my life you yep 100% you and you know what you deserve it. you deserve every bit of every exp. i eat it all up. though cuz it's so cute. dude oh it's so cute. oh god what is it. going to be cute. though when he's like 15. and you need him to. do a thing and he's like i bit. my lip and you didn't well. that was in the restaurant. call the ambulance that was in the tha restaurant. where i choked a little bit okay. when i was younger. i said i bit my lip. nobody said [ __ ] and i said doesn't anybody love me because what the [ __ ] is going on i bit my lip and nobody said anything and that's crazy here's what happened. we were at min's kitchen. no no no no that's a that's the choking. one the bite my lip was. in new jersey oh the bite my lip. was in new jersey chok the choke okay. the choking one that one. was horrendous bite my lip one. okay i get it that. one was horrendous nobody cares about me. this is how it went. at min's kitchen though you choked on rice. or whatever i did i almost died. and he choked and he was so dramatic. he got up and left. the stepped out of the restaurant. right then finally obviously because he wasn't going. to die and we all knew. that we waited for him. to come back he went he came back he sat. down and the first thing. he said was doesn't anybody love. me because we didn't come outside no and do something. i guess but why then you tell us. stand by that but by way. that's not what happened. what happened was i almost. choked i go and i go like that. oh my god i almost choked mom. dad you uhhuh i go. don't don't you guys love. me what the [ __ ] and then i go outside that doesn't sound that much b oh you went outside. after let off some steam yeah. that's even worse no it's honestly. the best way to. do it and it's honestly. so [ __ ] up that nobody said anything i almost choked well guess what kristen almost choked once i cried so how you feel about that because you had to. do the him lick and she almost died. she almost died that's why. you felt choked up. i don't like talking about that. you you brought it up. first of all i don't like talk and second of all. you were fine dude. and if for a second you seemed in jeopardy. even a little bit you. think mom would have just been doing. nothing there's no way mom worries about like if it's under 60°. and you don't have two two extra thick. layers on you know. she would have [ __ ] panicked. you know yeah yeah yeah yeah but you just had we don't want. you to die cold. yeah yeah no but you were obviously. fine everybody knew you were fine. it was all good then you felt better. and then you said don't you guys. love me and then we laughed and then you walked outside. the laughing thing was [ __ ] bonkers it. was hilarious though i know you guys love. me but why don't you act. like it when i'm almost dying is the thing. i'm almost it wasn't even. close to dying that's not even it's funny. anyway even if you did almost die. if you recover and the first thing you say is why. does doesn't anybody here love. me that's funnyit a little bit because nobody said anything about me. almost dying nobody said anything about how i choked if somebody said oh my god i just choked be like oh my god well are you okay. like yeah oh okay i love you. you know i love you. in that moment wow. but you still wouldn't say hi. to somebody cool all right. i see i see what's up. uh i don't think you would have done. that in this situation if you were looking. at someone across the table. doing what you were doing you wouldn't. have been like oh my god you almost died. if they you would have died. laughing cuz you'd be like oh my god. he wasn't cuz you guys just i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm you got oh. my god i'm almost choked i'm not you didn't say. [ __ ] dude i don't i don't think i said anything yeah you didn't yeah no i mean why you think i went outside anyway. i went outside for that. comment you think handled it. right if somebody in your family. almost chokes you say something. i agree but you didn't almost choke we were all there. looking at you and you didn't almost. choke you went like that's not even close. to alarming that's what someone. does when they cough well. you know you coughed didn't seem bled hey guys i almost choked i choked a little bit i couldn't breathe. you guys and then i go outside with no. jacket on it mom cares. about that yeah she was probably worried. that you were going going. to get oh he's going. to catch a chill. catch a chill yeah all right. look here's the deal i i think that i'm past. that and it's all good. and but it is a landmark thing. in our in our life in our family. it was immediately a touchstone event. yes touchstone exactly in our in our lives. and it is what it is. but it's okay but that's that's you. know that's cool and me. and my mom still talk about it. and laugh so it's all good. well whatever you guys laugh at me. all the time and it's fine. it's why i'm so such a thick. skin and i'm a comedian. you know sleeper okay i was the guy. guy it was forged. it was forged you know. what i mean it. was forged my my my destiny was forged. that's a good word yeah. yeah so it's just i couldn't couldn't even help. it of course i'm going. to be a comedian. are you kidding me. it was forge because we because we laugh. you don't love me. when ioke you god goes oh. he didn't love me. chokes oh comedian yeah you you don't chokes. well you're going be comedian you like that. sing it so fast. no one jesus is the micro. machin guy well i'll tell you dude. i go you know i have a bunch of new material. i have an hour. of new material by the way. if you're going to. see my special you can see it. and you still come can see. me can come see me on you. know in phoenix or whatever. and i will be doing new [ __ ] and i talk a lot. about mom and dad. and i also talk about other things do you talk. about me actually no not even. once okay did i talk about you. ever in i never talked about you on. stage huh one time. i i don't remember it. was a long time. ago you said something. i don't but not special but no but never me. i think i'm talking about like mentioning me. or something on stage. yeah i've talked about i've talked to. you i've talked about you on stage. before but not in a special is what i mean. yeah yeah yeah okay cool all right. well anyway okay i'm sorry dude. please don't stick me. up uh all right. um are we going to. be able to. see the things no yeah okay. guess okay here we go. what's up lifeline my name is gabrielle. um so i have a question. for my mom's birthday i got her. football tickets to. go see the seahawks and the rams. okay it was going. to be in la and we're going to. go together for her birthday. we're both big football fans. and my mom forgot she made. other plans oh my god wow. that's me so i'm going. by myself damn but my question is do i have to. get her another gift. no no way you out of your like i got her tickets. to go see the game. for her birthday right she forgot. do i get another gift. um or are we like it's a good. bad child it's a good question. why why you say bad. childhood because she feels like i don't. know let me know i see what. do you think yeah i said b. because she thinks she might the solution. might be getting her another gift. when in reality she was [ __ ] dissed hard by her own mother. dude so nice to. get tickets to. really also that's expensive. dude any nfl game. there's so few of them. that the tickets are really expensive. and obviously that's not like the reason. but that's a reason why it's even more big go. by yourself it's not like we're going to. go to a movie. on sunday nights got tiet it's like. a big big event go. by yourself uh take pictures videos send it to. your mom and and and and then if she says why didn't you get anything. for my birthday be like i i did. you have the videos i was there. you didn't come it was disappointing. for me hey and you're a bad mom. and you're bad mom for that. you're a bad mom yeah. that's pretty tough stuff she's. not a bad mom i just i mean. i have no idea if she's a bad. mom or not but but yeah that is a that. that you definitely do not. have to buy her. anything else you're saying bad childhood. because she feels guilty like maybe she should yeah like she like she still needs to. do more even though she got her. an amazing gift also it was going. to be them going. to something together true. it's like it's not just that. we don't know why. she what we don't know. what else she booked though. the mom could have been like hey you know. my friend really wanted to. go to this i totally forgot you you. do this a lot. in the pis oh you mean look at all. the angles is what's but you're making. up angles it's good. to look at all the angles. that you're given you don't make up. angles we don't know. we don't know what we. don't know dude making up. angles dude we're making angles. we're not necessarily making up. angles we're just saying there's a whole. world out there something. else could have happened that we have no. idea why you don't do that. because if you bring up. one thing you might as well bring up. every other possible variable that might exist. you got to look at different. variables though you got to. look at different ideas you know. what i said is not completely. crazy it's not like aliens. came aliens could have. came down abducted her. mom and said don't go. i disagree down to. my fiery core why. the molten thing inside my body. that's like rotating and keeping me. alive that's not a thing. you actually don't have that uh in the movie. about me i do right. so but it was yeah. that's deep deep down in the core. of me i dis that's where i disagree with everything. you're putting for right. now but but dude i'm coming up. with with variables that are very. possible you're not think that one's that. possible or or even material. it's like what could have. give me an example. of something that could have been. more important than that. supersedes that my friend's dying of cancer. and she i forgot she wanted. to go see selen dion and selen dion also has a disease and she's only has a residency in vegas. for who knows how much longer. and she got him. on that day i didn't think. about it i'm sorry. i have a question. didn't she say her mom. forgot yeah but that is forgetting. in a way but that it. it it if it was that i don't think she would. be calling like you know it's obviously. not that extreme but i'm just saying no. dude i i think you don't know you don't know this. person could have so much. [ __ ] pent up about her mom and she could be like oh she forgot when in actuality of course you're right. yes we got out of that. one we don't know that. that is the case so why talk about it. her mom might be a parakeet you. ever think about that no. dude that's ridiculous know but it's just as ridiculous. to assume assume anything about anybody else that's not in. the [ __ ] video telling us what happened. sorry forgot uh all right. i think you don't owe her. yeah anything well we agree about. 100% about the solution but we arrived. there in a different way. you don't if anything you have you have the right. to be like hey mom what happened. like how what ask her. how that could possibly. happen that hurt your feelings or even don't bring up. your hurt your feelings even. if it did just be like what what. happened mom so get an answer. fing weird and confusing and shitty. yeah definitely definitely invite someone else. you'll get somebody to. go to this [ __ ] m she said seahawks game right. seahawks and the rams yeah. in la seahawks and the rams. come on seahawks and the rams. yeah don't see smash the football. uh actually don't have to. buy a gift for like three years. yeah that's true that's such oh you think. it adds to. yeah it might add a year. it might add a year. well because you remember last year. what i did was it. you could do it like that. remember two years ago. when i got the thing all right. why didn't you get me. anything this year honey well. here i'll tell you because i got you something. real nice real expensive. real thoughtful real sweet yep. and guess what you did. with it you wiped your ass. with it so you get nothing. this year you get nothing next. year you get nothing next. year maybe in four years. i'll consider it all right. all right well yeah i think that's great. good one way to. kick off no pun intended but way. to kick off wow the lifeline. cool hey man chris so i have an advice. question um to. keep it short i asked. my boyfriend for basically like a mushy love. letter with all his feelings. in it for my birthday. um that's all i asked for that's all. i got for my birthday. but i just learned that he didn't write. this letter he copied it. verbatim from chai bt. like he didn't get pointers he didn't. get like advice or like ideas. from chai gbt like. he copied it word. for a word good job. and i'm really frustrated. about this and i don't really know what to. do so i figured i'd ask you guys. for help okay i'm going. to you're going to. be mad go first but here's what happened. i got a great he he told her he did this. he's an idiot how the [ __ ] would she know he told her yeah. well if you're going to. do it just do it. but then you know what dude. i got tell you something. funny the guy's an idiot god. god or maybe is it. possible i'm going to. be you here for a second. is it possible. that she was like this. doesn't sound like you and he was like felt pressured and he confessed. right that's probably more likely. right if she was like what is that's so vague. like what what is you don't. talk like this i think more what's more likely. is he's dumb and he was like well. he's [ __ ] dumb you say. to do that and is to. be a guy who's like this. huh when he's faced with adversity a guy. who does that when he's faced with adversity he goes. like go huh okay totally now here's the thing. i don't know if he's a shitty. boyfriend but that's what a shitty. boyfriend would do ch. gbt it yes like dude. if you're in love with someone. does do you understand. how easy it is yeah. to write something sweet. especially for her birthday dude. come you already love. them that's like the whole thing. all you have to. do is write pours out of you. dude even if it doesn't it. doesn't take long to. excavate it it's there. open up your laptop and put your hand on there. let your fingers do the dancing. man i mean seriously love. should pour out of you. man think about it in your heart. just go like this don't even. look and let your fingers do the dancing. i mean that might not. work exactly the way. that's but dude it's so e. like it's so easy don't go. to chat gpd for easy. he did that to. see if he could get away. with it dude well then then he's a bad boyfriend. right go okay so then he's a bad boyfriend. so as far as advice. i don't know but let me tell you a little story about. something happened to. me going end in tears. yeah it is actually okay. so i and what's interesting. is that someone who is i'll decide what's interesting. after the story not related to. the story directly but in the orbit of the story someone is in this. room oh okay okay say so it's either me. or mako correct but so. in i believe it's not me. i believe fourth e. either fourth or fifth grade. but i believe it was fourth grade. i didn't know you back. then so it was right. when i met mr. exping who machismo over there so i mean. it's 100% going to. be me yeah well well you don't know. there yet we don't know and it's going. to be embarrassing and [ __ ] know know dude it has nothing do with he wouldn't do that you should know him dude you should know he would do that i'm not going to. embarrass you i promise. uh my what he's a bad friend. oh yeah yeah for not knowing that. and not saying h. sure right right not just the double. do yeah okay so i had like you know. how like at that age. he [ __ ] his pants. anyway next at that age he [ __ ] his pants. and came in the same. time anyway next and fell in a plate. of okay so next one. the biggest plate of pasta. you know um you know how when you're at that. age you have a girlfriend but it's like you ask them. do you want to. go out with me and all that happens. is you talk to. them less than you did. before rebecca angine okay so this. was sarah hudson my girlfriend remember. her so sarah i know. you're watching because you're probably a big. fan of the show rea too and blah. blah blah and so sarah i'm sure. you remember this happened on my i don't know. if it was my birthday. or just out of the blue. maybe she wrote me a note. uh and i was i was so excited. to read it that i waited. until i got home to. read it okay i didn't even read. it wow no wait no hold. on the cute meter is. crazy exploding i was so so into. her it was like i would i would this. is adorable in home room. class when everybody would read or nap. or whatever i don't remember. i would go out into. the hallway and make an excuse. just just because i thought maybe sarah would walk. by bro and she would pretty often but like that's it's not is. crazier even admitting this. i was [ __ ] 10 it's embarrassing uh okay but so i get the note okay and i and it's like the m it's what this girl the one who just called it's what she wants more than anything from her boyfriend right. it's like the most mushy overthe top. stickers on it like stickers on it. flowery pink writing you know. with big bubbly n's and b's and [ __ ] all the letter okay so and it's just like it's not a poem but it's very poetic and like so over the moon. sweet okay about how like my. eyes light up in the stars. whatever the [ __ ] her fingers did the dancing. yeah her fingers totally did the dancing. right on a piece of paper. yeah with a pen mhm. oh danti dancing that weekend. it was on a friday. whatever that weekend obviously because i'm 10. i'm spending most of my time. with like either my friends during the day. or at night with mom. and maybe dad and like we would watch movies. and the movie that we watched. on a randomly we decided to. put on you and mom and dad. yeah or i think it. was just me and mom. actually uh was uh miv ryan my god my father. the hero is that the gerard deard movie gerard de okay. gerard deard don't watch that movie okay. because it's not good at all. but i [ __ ] was loving it. it was like hilarious in retrospect it's totally not [ __ ] hilarious. at all uh if you watch it. for 10 minutes you'll know what. i mean but i'll spare you watch. it t there's a scene. in the movie where the daughter. dra deu and her daughter are on vacation. right they everybody mistakes them. for a couple and it's really embarrassing for them. he's french right it's something. yeah i don't even know. yeah right and but she actually falls for like it's like this. resort place she falls for one. of the guys that works. at the resort right. right right and there's this dramatic. moment where like they're going. to split and maybe not going. to work out and she i don't remember. if it's she or he she from below. he's sticking out a window. listening to her make her case. right and she just word for word. oh wow her speech is exactly. what sarah hudson wrote in her. not i can't believe i didn't. see this coming okay so my f. she first of all and then chris bucker [ __ ] his pants and yeah exactly and fell in a pl of pasta. and dude it was al. of all movies of all movies. of of all movies to. rip off with for a love. letter yeah not like siro. de bers well that would be completely. i mean you would know immediately what the [ __ ] is this. right roxan but okay so it's the cheesiest. [ __ ] ever now in my mind. but i'm so into. sarah i don't even call. her out on it when it happened. i knew and i was like that's so that's such [ __ ] but i didn't want to. like how does this. story have to do with one. of us one of us. he one of us and me. one of were competing for her. love in fifth grade oh i remember that. so it's amazing we're still friends. it's amazing we're still friends. it really is honestly. um no but sarah hudson i've called you out now. the world knows you stole a monologue. from the movie my father the hero. and i knew i didn't i don't really know i don't only know i knew all. along wait hold on. you haven't even mentioned me yet. i know the i was well. he forced the issue. the end was going. to involve how there was a triangle. between me and you and her yeah. i forgot about that love. triangle well now that i'm thinking. about i'm getting pretty mad. again uh but yeah that's so anyway. you really got played i got played. hard dude yeah wow uh anyway bad dumb. boyfriend possibly a bad boyfriend. but what do you do. about it you got to. get over it if you're going. to date this guy that's what he's like and now. you know that so either. you're okay with it and you stay. with them or you're not and you leave them. it's not there's no reason. to be upset. about it it's just he's telling you. who he is you're either. okay with it or not. i'm still laughing at the plate. of pasta yeah yeah all [laughter]. right matt clayton out of las vegas. mark wallberg so uh big fan. of the show but i got a quick. question for you um i'm told on. a daily basis that i look like mark wal. of course you do of course you are like from. the time i was inth grade. i hear it all the time. it's gotten worse as i've gotten. older and it's not like it's an insult. it's kind of a compliment. good looking guy but it gets. kind of obnoxious so what can i tell people. to not sound so much. like a dick mh but basically [ __ ] off oh it's very simple. oh [ __ ] well i didn't see the end of it play play it again. play you got to. play it again for chris. the end of it just the end. of it most the [ __ ] there is look thanks. wow dude that's the [ __ ] is so much like mark trying to. be like mark wallberg yeah. right you're kind of leaning. into it yeah you lean. into it dude. he's got black tank. top on he doesn't want to. admit it but you're leaning into. it that's f you are. dude but here's the thing. tell people you are him. i am mark wahr yeah. oh you man you look so much. like mark w oh that's cuz i am that's cuz i am. yeah maybe do the voice. maybe you don't even have to. the voice do voice nobody's nobody would think oh that's not. his voice though. nobody's smart that's the other thing. to remember that's nobody is smart. that is something to. keep in mind in all of your interactions with all. people for all time people used. to think that i was pg gasol. oh yeah that's i mean that's idiotic. this guy looks like mark. wahlberg people be like are you pg gasol. i'm like bro i'm 6'2 yeah. yeah yeah that's idiotic. uh wow so idot don't. that's how stupid people all. though they know who p gasal is they don't. know he's 610 like what they see. a 6'2 guy and think it's pool. that's how dumb people are. sir are you p. somebody said to. me once yeah i believe that. i stood up and i said no right. right k his [ __ ] ass dude nice uh no but if it's possible. just tell people you are him. have fun with it yeah. true but if it's your friends. i don't know dude i'm not i'm not. am i mark wallberg well. feel the vibrations and you kiss him. and then be like come on funky. bunch let's go wow. i mean yeah that's i guess. that's an option they like that's that. must have been mark uh marber yeah dude. i i don't that sounds really annoying. it is annoying dude it. happens a lot with me and brad. pit every like oh youan it's annoying. that is annoying though dude. yeah i don't i don't like that. but but you know but people just go up. and say wow you look at mark. wallberg you you might do that. to him i might do that. to him if i didn't know. if you don't know the person again. say you are him well here's the thing. if i meet somebody and they look like somebody i don't say. that the first time i'm talking. because you know they hear it. all the time it's annoying. yeah and anybody worth an ounce. of anything is going to. do that for you as well. do people ever tell you you look like i wouldn't do that. until like a few hanging outs nice okay so next. one what's up chris and matt. thanks for taking the call. thanks for taking my call. last time about the whole. body shaving issue anyways. three things on his head. my video this time. is about my wife. she loves her soda she. loves zero sugar soda she. loves really any soda. likes dr pepper the most um. and she makes a big deal. you know if it's in a bottle and it shakes. a little bit cuz she thinks you know. the fizziness is going to. go away but anyways it's a it's a it's a thing you know the problem i have with it is that she makes a big deal out of having her soda you know with a meal or if we're going somewhere she'll take it in the car. with us sure and later on i find the soda and it's half. to 3/4 full right every time uhhuh. every time mhm so she takes. a couple sips and then leaves. it so really i'm not sure what to. do here it's funny. not really kind of gets on my nerves. what do you think nothing. wrong with it absolutely nothing. wrong with it absolutely nothing. wrong with it in fact. it's a good thing healthier. she want her to. drink the whole [ __ ] yeah here's the thing though i can relate to. this i almost never i love coke. i almost never drink more. than half of a cocacola. wow it's just too much. sugar and i don't mean like because of health reasons i mean. like i don't want that. much really so you don't really love it. then huh but here's here's what's up. i do though and i'm always like damn. we don't have any. coke but i'll only have a few it's weird. so that is weird me and your wife. are meant to. be together dude i love coke. calvin loves coke dude. oh got to. be careful i know. dude and he'll bring it. in he'll be like mom. maybe mom wants a coke. cuz he knows he get some sips he's working. it yeah he's working so funny. kids like that they don't know they don't. know that like we know more. than that you should be like come here. calvin and when he gets over. say you don't realize it. but you don't know [ __ ] okay i know what you're up. to to him and from here. on out i have your number. and then go like this. dr all of it just and then crush it and then be like throw that. away but but before before you crush it make sure there's a little bit left. poured out yeah and then do it. yeah yeah um no but uh i love cocacola. i absolutely love cocacola i haven't. had dude i love coke. i've haven't had cocacola in. years now i'm great. here's something i haven even even longer. i loved coke i'm. great and for i would say maybe maybe five whole years. actually i didn't have any soda. or any sugar oh really and when i started when i had my first few cooks i that when i started eating. sugar i was repulsed. by it oh really so you might remember loving. it because i just kept doing it. like a habit like why. do people start smoking same. [ __ ] you know weird. uh uh because i still remembered my mind. smoking makes more sense. though to me take a bre addicted to. this [ __ ] man no no no i know i'm just saying to. get back into it. make sense you take a break. i got to [ __ ] take a a drag i think in my mind. i still remember the nostalgia. of it you're like i'll get back. into it no it's not. nostalgia it's like the it's nostal the wi. for i don't know f. i don't [ __ ] know it doesn't matter but it could be nostalgia. but so the point is lawyer. a lawyer the the people versus nostalgia. the people versus cocacola's nostalgia. dude um i i think that uh coke. is great i have no. idea what the question was about. and that's all i'm saying i i don't remember the dr. pepper not oh yeah it's all. good dude you got a bro. come on you got good. you got a good life. dude it it's it's better. she doesn't drink it it's 100%. it's also those first two sips are are. the best anyway yeah i mean. ohai so much it's all downhill. from the second step second sip. yeah yeah yeah so so she's doing good. you need to. respect you need to. let you know you got it. you got a good dude. m you know you got a good life. so go kiss your wife. and take some of the things off. and get on your knees. and thank her for the great. life she's given imagine she did. that he did that he should i want to. thank you so much. for the great life you give thank you so much. you could drink as much. coke as you want dr. pepp dr pepper is didn't listen. at all the that's more of my concern. shitty taste people who like dr. pepper will go to. war for dr pepper you. understand that it's crazy bro. the two of them are dr. pepper and and diet coke. diet coke diet coke. people are wild is the worst. tastes like it tastes like a a factory it. tastes like a factory if you turns. it into liquid. dude it really does. yeah it tastes like a factory it. really does it tastes like something. that is like built yeah. and and dr pepper tastes. way too sweet god. it's hard if remember what a peer. taste hey how about this what is that. taste i think it. i think it's pepp i think it's cinnamon. pepper that's what it's supposed. to be yeah i think right. it's like big red bubblegum oh really. pepper dr pepper is like. a cinnamon thing isn't it. i i don't think so it's so bad. what is it that's a good. question actually what the [ __ ] is seething. how he said it. i don't think so the whole thing. is like there's 23. flavors of dr pepper ew. yeah that's not a good. thing no there you go. yeah what does it say. plum pepper root beer rum raspberry. the [ __ ] hell prun orange nutmeg molasses. i taste yeah it. does taste like molasses i guess. black licor that tastes as well that's disgusting. carrot bro dude oh come on they're just rum they're just throwing everything. in the in this black licorish yuck. bro nutmeg dude so that's why it says 23. on it 23 flavors. not because of michael jordan i thought michael jordan always wait. dr pepper has 23 on it. some look at the can oh. that's weird wow i this. is blowing my mind i have i've never known. this yeah that's why there's always question. marks following it see. i'm g to. i'm going to sue i'm going. to sue them so i guess. they don't they don't tell us. what it all is though. they just did didn't they nah. because they wouldn't tell us because then we would just make it and not. everybody just brewing what you doing. make dr pepper i'm i got i got to. go get 47 fruits i'm going. what are you doing make a dr. pepper in a produce section would you guys. have a rum just buy one. you know yeah you put i put too i put too much. [ __ ] rum in it um what the [ __ ] a drink too much. dr pepper pass out all. right all next one. what's up matt and chris. uh tom here calling from new. york hey you don't i'm just gonna keep that. clock dude it's crazy. why do people have that insecure. cat clock i is that a cheshire cat. what is that what what the [ __ ] bro. how does a let me ask you. whatever it is dude. how does a [ __ ] cat clock like that pop. off like you don't walk into. a [ __ ] if you never seen that before you walk into. somebody's house you see that. clock you go i got to. get that yeah no one. knows how did that clock. pop the [ __ ] off that's it's a really good question. crazy bro it's a really good. question i would love to. know the answer but i bet. no one knows here it is. smashed you to smithin what is it. tell kit kat clock. it's been around for over. 80 years yeah i know it's old but why. though why does somebody have it. in 2023 maybe he's going. to tell us it's just americana from the but that's come on bro. no you know what it's like it's like the the swirly. blue white and red things outside of barber shop. it's like every barber shop. has to have them people. just do what other people. do with you but barber shop. at least a place that you would see that. this is like in everybody's [ __ ] house sometimes it's so dumb it's such a bad clock it's so bad bro. yeah it's crazy hey hey with the tail. wagon and [ __ ] you know it. might be cool to. have like an old antique one. but this looks like he just bought it at target. bro he got it online. you got it online. at [ __ ] cvs dot com dude. kit at kitkat cat. dot com or whatever. buying tweezers different sizes. of tweezers and then he saw that. was like i'll throw that. in there too wait. a minute it was like $1.99 yeah if that that clock. is not 11.99 i'll honestly. cut off one of my nuts. all right next let's see. what's up all right. let's see sweet because i've done. this like 20 times what. do you guys think about when people like touch. you or nudge you or like even hit you. uh while they're talking to. you to ensure that like you're still. listening to them um i do. everything i can to. let the other person know that. i'm still listening to. them and they still will like touch. me as they're talking to. me um this is very annoying. to me makes me blood curling. mad do you have any advice. on what to. say uh or like a spin move to. do um to. in a funny way get the person. to uh stop touching me while they're talking. to me would be great. thanks guys one. of those i know you can do. get rid of that clock. that's my advice but that's one. of those things that is ingrained people. yeah they don't i got this. i got in this. conversation today really ial yeah. dude i do golden ar brendon. sha i'm like bro that's so annoying. he's also so big i'm like this. you know what i notice. it's usually big men. that do that find me. a woman that does that. there's no woman that does that. dean del does it all the time. too and he's not a woman. i know okay so i'm saying it's such a me. guy thing to. do first of all but like i find that. only big the i the the person i'm thinking of that. does it the most that i is. enormous it's so brendon's huge it's so annoying. dude and i say to. him i'm like bro why do you do that. what does he say he says oh man. i don't know it's just how i show. love i don't know i'm just talking to. you i like you don't do. it to eric. on the other side love. er you know that's how you know. no but like what is that's not. i agree with this guy dude. stop my stories are so dope that i don't have to. touch you yeah have the confidence here's here's the deal. here's what you should say. and then it was to. target don't do that. no i know it's boring. oh hey and that's then i bought the thing. at target okay. but you're doing it and i'm getting triggered. but it's a i'm doing it. i know but i'm still getting. triggered do you know what. i mean and then you know. what mom said it's like they think you're going. to turn away or i he my mom. said this hey it's just it. it why are you i know. they don't it's like they don't think about it. but like think it all the way. through why are you touching and and like it's like a aggressive too i don't like it. not about bad dude. so what you do. is when i'm assuming there's a friend. of his that does it. all the time and starting to. bother him say learn. how like you know. that thing you get somebody's in arm. bar you know uhhuh uh then do learn. how to do a swift arm. bar or throw do a throw and then when he's like ah say say why. you hitting me why. you hitting me i'm listening. i'm listening why you hitting me. and then maybe they'll answer. you or scream out. when they touch you like that. scream out assault yeah. that that would be good as well. it's it's annoying hey oh you're boring. huh you could do like that. you're boring huh. because you think that i'm going. to turn away because your stories are so boring. that's why it touching me. so you think boring people do it. that's what you're saying. no i don't think boring. people do it but my point. is your story should be so good that. it should just completely immobilize. me into well and then what but some people are doing it. to be like chummy and like yeah and i don't like those that's even. worse like yeah you're not going to. force friendship on me we're we're we're already friends. friendship needs to. be we're already as much. friends as we're going to. be you doing that is not. going to link. us y further mhm but yeah just be like honestly. the thing to. do in all honesty is in the moment. when he does it just be like dude. what what wait hang on why. you why do you do that. oh and don't be like a dick. about it don't be confition but be curious. and be clear that you're curious. get get you can do this. with an oops button at crystal. dot com or you can just get anything. just anytime they do it just whatever it is you don't. need to be an oops. button but oh you touch me. and how how long do how annoying it. is right but then they'll be like what are you doing. yeah you be like every time. you touch me i do. it just so you know. i want you to. know how many times it happen. i guess what i'm asking is. you don't explain it you. just start doing it yeah or you can. like bouncers when people walk in the club get one of those things. with with with the one two three four. yeah yeah yeah yeah that's good. too a click a clicking. counter mh okay all right. next one hey guys my name is liby. i was on episode 60. uh people who are too. friendly in the gym and i actually. have an update for on that. that worker quit about a month after i sent in that video so it's not a problem anymore. but my current problem is. with my job i'm a wedding videographer. a couple of months. ago i worked with a very difficult. photographer and she just posted those. photos from that wedding she did. not tag me in anything. she tagged a couple of the vendors. but not me and this. is a big issue for me. because since she was so in experienced. uh i ended up posing about 90% of those. photos that she just posted oh wow. and i would like credit when i posted. my highlight film from that. day i tagged her so i just need to. know what to do do i call her. out do i message her what do i do well if she's unexperienced then if she's inexperienced maybe that's part of it yeah honestly just reach out. and be like hey can you don't don't even. allude to the fact. that she didn't do it. just be like hey i saw the the post. would you mind tagging me. it's really helpful for business. for me that's good that's it. that's good advice you don't. have to be like hey i noticed you didn't. or like hey why didn't you none of that. matters because the truth is you don't give a [ __ ] about this person right right right all you give a [ __ ] about is her tagging you what does it mean that she was posing the pictures what does that mean i'm just going to. i'm just going to. breathe through this i'm pissed. why you mad at me. because it's so obvious well i don't know what that. means she's a videographer the other person's a photographer for those. photos at weddings and also other events. you pose the people. in the pictures so that they come. out better she's saying she did this woman's job. for her and obviously she should be tagged. anyway but she went above and beyond. for this inexperienced photographer and so she thinks it's like a bigger. slap in the face but honestly. don't even think of it. that way just be like don't be mad. i said that so but don't think of it. like she did it on purpose. you're you said yourself. she's inexperienced so hold on a second. though she is ups why why okay not even devil's. advocate i'm dumb why would she tag. her because she as as this. woman very clearly said she tagged. the other vendors that they that. she worked with some of them. but not all of them. and not her well but but okay so if somebody takes a picture of the groom and the bride. and they tag the bride's. dress business but not her i don't really see the problem. in that she wants to. be tagged this is the only problem. she can be offended or as not. offended as she wants i suggest. being zero offended because chris is. right maybe it didn't even. cross her mind right. right right right right maybe it's a thing in their industry that. most maybe it is yeah i don't. know that's what i'm saying that's what i'm assuming. but it doesn't matter because you shouldn't let it. upset you anyway all you need is to. ask her to do it. and she'll do it yeah because she even if she was like [ __ ] this girl i'm not going to. do that and i know i'm supposed. to but i'm not going. to she would do it. after you asked and and especially if she seemed oblivious to. any potential slight so what you want to. do is just straightforwardly ask in a nice. enough way in just a util ar. in way hey can you tag. me in those i would appreciate it. it helps my business. and she and she said also that. she was difficult to. work with i wonder what that. means maybe guess probably yeah yeah that sucks sometimes. inexperienced people end up being not. just inexperienced and and like green they end up. being disrespectful because they don't even know the rules. the ropes the way. things go it's doubly bad all right. it's a it's a it's a war. out there wow chris getting into. politics it's a war out there. next hey chris and matt. just killed someone my girlfriend is. pregnant and um she is um she has become um a monster she's upset. with everything i do and uh i i wonder should i put up. with that for 9 months or what. should i do i can't really talk. to her because she gets upset. all the time i know. you chris um have two kids. so you probably have some experience this. guy is a real a real find dude. hold for humanity hold up. this guy his girlfriend's. pregnant i didn't c that part. the first part i didn't get she's pregnant. she must be okay yeah dude okay hold up. first of all let me just get this. out of the way if it's the first three months buckle up. bro the second that first trimester ends. is way better okay. my girlfriend hates everything i do and then the way. he did it unbelievable. killed her just straight up already. killed her yeah but also lizard. he's a lizard right he's a lizard personified in in person. in human form right lizard person. right so uh that guy. is he [ __ ] with us. i mean no i don't think so i mean. he might have been realizing that's funny. to do but he's asking for real. bro my girlfriend what he said. my girlfriend's pregnant how do i deal with it. for nine months it's basically is she no. he's saying she's right. now a monster and what does he do. here's the thing wow dude. nobody ever talks about how hard it is for guys. when the girls are prant. you know that was going. to be bad because that's all. anyone ever says so also it's only 9. months dude at the end. you have a kid and then everything. kind of gets back to. normal in terms of how people behave right. there's postpartum okay well anyway like you must have. known this was possible. it's a hormonal thing just think of it. that way it's not. even her you got to. just kind of sit through. it and uh but people don't often they don't talk. about how hard it is for the man. go in another room eat a popsicle. watch lifeline watch something else if you've watched every episode of lifeline. yeah watch congratulations you know. then just like eat your yellow. ice pop like you're seven. years old dude that ice pop. sucks that would looked so [ __ ] not good yeah remember the remember the frozen. the lemon ones that would in high school. what the [ __ ] were they they were like lemonade no but it was it was like the freeze what the hell oh they were all different. colors no no no they were yellow. they were only yellow. were they long like dicks. or were they like fatter. with ridges two dicks stuck together. oh yeah i remember those. yeah two popsicle sticks yeah. pull them apart they would sometimes. not split right lemon. freezer something what the hell were they called. those were good no no. and i liked fudge sickles too. no that's totally different i know. that's whyles were also not so good no. those were great you like fud. sickles they're all right bro. they're good dude creamsicles are that's i dude. we've been over this. i don't want creaming anything. that that look what's that. yellow one the dick one the the middle. dick one the dick one the only yellow. dick one okay well all yellow. four yellow ones looking like yellow. dicks all right that i used. to meet you too. tropical yeah i i think that's what the guy. was eating no that's not what i was. no it's what that guy. was eating i said i'll tell you what i tell you what they weren't. two of them in it. it was only one it was one. but it was a thick. one it was like that. that white and red that's what i remember yeah. that's what mom lik there. you go it looked like that. mom liked them yeah f. with the ridges but but dude. but that was n the lemon. one that's not the lemon. one and and and a mom didn't like the lemon. ones right okay so don't say mom like them lemon. ice popsicles uh oh i see. what you're saying i know mom. did like a version of this. yeah she did didn't she dude. these are trash these are. all trash bro the only thing that's good the only that's good. is a fudge cicle popsicles. are [ __ ] trash i couldn't agree more man if you're going to. have something frozen a frozen. treat ice cream sandwiches just regular ice cream dude. it's crazy it is how could you if you're an adult. how could you want a popsicle. it's nut when calvin says even. when calvin's [ __ ] four kind a popsicle. i go that's you you don't. really know about life yet dude. when somebody's 50 and they're like will you grabb. me a popsicle dude. that is un that's unbelievable. bro this guy it's crazy. killed his spouse so he's clearly in an altered. mental state maybe we can cut him some slack. but in general we can't in general. that is a disgusting. thing to do as an adult. yeah don't be talking about how your wife. thinks nothing you're doing is right. while you're sucking a popsicle. bro a yellow one. it's yeah dude flavor. could be that didn't even. look like lemon dude. h fud cicle would be okay. like even if it was raspberry. i get it but a [ __ ] lemon [ __ ] just it might have been cream something you know what it doesn't matter what it it. doesn't matter even if he was doing. it for a joke. and i'll tell you why he still had the popsicles. which means that they're in his house. did not go buy them. for the right right right. even if he's kidding so. that's bonkers yeah to. have one of those in your freezer. is just crazy unless you already have kids. but guess what he doesn't and we know that. because of what he said on. the video exactly i've never i haven't. had a popsicle why. would you have a popsicle. in bro it's got to. be i probably had last time. i had pops was like when i was like 14. i was like this still sucks. yeah good i'm glad you agree. with that dude they're ter. you be the kind of guy. that's like nah but i love popsicles. no popsicles are terrible. dud you like cupcakes not really. nah it's a you like cake. it depend i like ice. cream cake ice creake but that's not cake. no i don't i like ice. cream you like ice cream that's the ice. cream is doing the heavy lifting. ice cream cake though. is so good like a good carell. cake yes no yeah i understand. that but that's not cake. though i know i'm just saying but the ice cream is doing the heavy lifting. is what i'm saying sure. it's like it's like you know. what i'm saying a good ice. cream cake what i'm saying. is a good ice. cream cake is better. than any ice cream to. me oh that's what you're saying. that wasn't what you were. saying but that's what you're saying. yeah like the car the classic. caral is pretty crazy bro. is the is like my favorite pry. to carell ice cream cake. for every meal i would do it. that's a pretty crazy thing. to say you said two crazy. things that it's better than ice. cream and that you would eat at every meal. it's absolutely bonkers and i love. ice cream and i still think that is even and there's the third. czyy thing i love ice cream. yeah you do i i i really like chocolate. chip cookies love ice cream. like brownies the not the gourmet. ones brownies are tricky. you got to bres are tricky. agree um and then other dessert. stuff i like that are are like you love. ice cream sandwiches well cookies and ice cream that's what that. is pretty much yeah. true you know so forget it. dude you go to. the ones of trader joe's o chef. kiss i too people go. yo hey dude i got a funny. joke hey i got a funny joke. dude imagine eating ea one ice cream. sandwich so stupid dude. yeah right bro are you kidding. me yeah oh man. you know who has the good they're so good. mhm tilamook no have you. had one dude wait ice cream. sandwich yeah oh i didn't know they had ice cream. sandwiches i thought you meant tillamuk. ice cream i'm not really a huge fan. of that it's kind of [ __ ] the [ __ ] ice cream sandwi uncle. mike lik oh no that's mcconnell's never mind go ahead m ice cream sandwiches dude really cuz you said it he goes yes yeah they're a thing like they're crazy good really i i don't know if i'd like it man i'm telling you you know what i had the other day though you like it you know what i had the other let's look at the tilamook ones you know what i had the you told me about the tilamook ones before you know i had the other day mexican food that you would have liked oh yeah it's downtown oh sonville oh yeah yeah good right i knew you'd like it dude i know my brother yo and you liked it too right and it's authentic isn't it yes okay i lik it oh you liked it oh i liked it a lot but i don't like authentic mexican [ __ ] so why'd you like it i don't know but i took a bite and i was like this is authentic and i think he likes it turn so italian when you all right look so good vanilla bean. bro is so good the salted caramel. so good there's a chocolate one. i think so good bam. bam bam bing bang. bo this looks like they. tried to do a little different. with it they did though. and they succeeded oh they succeeded. yeah they succeeded totally sued. suceeded from the united states um i don't caramel. get out of here right. i agree but they're good. car i don't know what. to do unless you're in get wait. you're you're in sckers all right. i'll allow it where else are you get out. of here can only be italian. talking about food dude. i i no yo caramel. for some reason hey dude you come in my doorstep. with caramel get out of here. you couple up with some nice. nuts and a [ __ ] chocolate covered. [ __ ] and you're in that brown. bag with the [ __ ] blue letters all right. i'll allow it dude absolutely shouting dude. you are being so loud i can't. even believe it caramel. sucks dude and i will tell you right. now you put that on my ice. cream dude get the [ __ ] out of here. hey hey you make it on a nice. you know like a dicksize [ __ ] you know uh chocolate. with the drizzle and then you you roll it up. in a in a brown. little with the [ __ ] blue lettuce all right. all right now we're talking i swear. to god dude the mini ones. get out of here i want. a whole one dude like mini [ __ ] milky ways snickers or all. that [ __ ] oh get out hey hey hey get out of here. give me the whole fun. one give me a whole. i don't want the fun. size no i don't want the fun. size i want the big dick. king size hey hey hey fun size get the [ __ ] fun size out of here. get the [ __ ] fun size out of here. what am i [ __ ] six yeah. well it's four sixy old so makes sense. uh bad uh dude dude if you put caramel. on ice cream honestly. that's crazy i'll arrest you citizens. [music] arrest i go to. someone in a diner come here. turn around i'm making a citizen's. arrest put put caramel. and ice cream come on call. the cops [ __ ] oh [ __ ] man god we're good why. it got hot let me. tell you right now why this podcast. is it's so good yeah. we have such a good. rapport sometimes i'm like i look at the views. and i don't do it. much and i'm just like there's a whole slew of people. missing out yeah i mean. we get a lot. of people to watch. no no no no no it's great. but i'm like man yeah well it. should obviously be more yeah it should be 3 million. people yeah yeah yeah yeah i don't get it. i don't get it your job. dude is to. let people know about this. podcast yeah what what are you guys. doing it's just cra. what are you guys doing. tell everyone like your life. depends on it why. cuz why would you not do that. it's happiness dude it's happiness. in a podcast it's happiness. in a podcast you know. i'm tired man i'm so tired the screaming. thing really made me tired. it made me tired i wasn't even. doing it so look after this. go get my special grower dieet at chia dot com. almost r at christ. dot com or sign. up oh you know what you want. more you want more lifeline. you want more lifeline go. to lifeline luxury patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. you get them all we [ __ ] we do it. we do it up right. got my uh new podcast. coming out soon the private. record you want to. be on it you got a good. story you got a crazy. story you want to. share with the world submit. yourself as a potential guest. at the private dot com do it do it. now come be famous. come be famous get on. the show and be really really famous. uh and obviously you got uh question. or you got advice that. you want to. seek on this show. submit all the info below uh keep him comming we get so many good videos. from you guys and honestly. even if we don't pick it we appreciate. it so much yeah we do we do. we do you guys [ __ ] are amazing. and we love you. uh you want uh the merch. do you want the merch. or do you not want. the merch you want the merch. go buy the merch. lifel merch dot com. you really only drank half at that. huh yeah see i know. that's i'm saying it's the truth. being real bye hello hello. hello please hello hello hello. hello 