 [music] runk augusta georgia north charleston south carolina. st petersburg chattanooga. charleston west west virginia de moine green. bay i'll be there and then nao and uh victoria bc. go to chris dot com. to get tickets and uh get my special. if you haven't yet already at chris. lea dot com and uh there's merch. there's over there there's uh there's all sorts. of stuff but uh other than that. let's get ready for this. next episode of [music]. congratulations [music] congratulations it feels like i haven't done. this show in 6 months. and i don't know why. um and that's very weird. uh it really does. feel like that it feels. like it's been a long. time for you guys so hello. hello and welcome to. the whatever episode it is and all that. did you see the eclipse today. we're recording it was the eclipse or or it. was yesterday i don't know. i don't i don't know and it doesn't matter. because because i was in la and didn't see and didn't see. [ __ ] and didn't see it because didn't affect it all right. everyone gets really nutty and they go. like this hey you're you're not going. to see this for the rest. of your lives and i and i think that's okay. you know it's okay you know. i it's okay because i was in uh sagen michigan. the other day and that was a great. great place to. uh perform it's might possibly. be the worst place i've ever. been to in my life. but there is uh i went to. a mall that looked like it would be where the apocalypse started okay. and it l it. looked like it would be where the outbreak. just burst into. um into uh the zombie. attack and that's where it started. right like uh a monkey got loose and bit someone and then the person bit two other people. and then it was just off at like a shoe. store in saga and i went to. uh i walked around uh by the way. i was in sago so was shane. gillis shane gillis. was there two nights. i was there one night i was there. a night when he was performing. as well i don't know. how he stayed there in two day. in two day for two. days i stayed there one day and it was i mean. the nicest hotel there. is the residence in which is you know. fine i'm you know it's all good. whatever hotel's a hotel. um i don't need my hotel. with like a a full kitchen. in it though right. you know it's kind of a when you get into. the hotel and you see a full. kitchen you're like oh this. is kind of okay people live here people. actually live in these places. residence in well you're not fooling anyone. with the word in after residence. residence mean you live there. so uh it's you know. uh so it'd be like calling it apartments. h hotel it's apartments anyway. um i was in sagen and i was uh uh the the reason. why i know about the eclipse doesn't matter. is because i was in sago how's this. for logic and it's in that's in michigan. and i was i was i was i when we went to. a mall now the mall had five shoe stores and zero other things okay cuz it's a mall in the middle of the country and that's what malls have they just have like two foot lockers one journeys and a place called like uh snipes which is what it is that's like the biggest sho shoe store chain in in uh michigan and so i went there there were only shoe stores and also nothing else there was a food court um the food court had three things in it it had one uh pizza place then it had a sushi place no thank you in the middle of the country and in a broken down mall and then the third place they had was a chicken place that was called make them say something okay now wow all right so this is where the apocalypse will start right the zombie. apocalypse or the outbreak. apocalypse or whatever it is. so i was in this. mall and as i'm in this mall. i think you know what dude. this is crazy i came here but it. was the only thing to. do i wanted to. see if there was a coffee. place here there wasn't no why. cuz there were only four shoe stores two restaurants. and then make them say something. chicken so and i have a feeling the thing. that that it made them. say was yuck okay. or ew by the way. um so now i'm in the mall. and there's nothing to. do i say what are we doing. let's let's leave this. mall we leave the mall as we're leaving the mall. i get hit with this. um i get hit with this. feeling this almost this. like this dread sadness. kind of feeling and i say to. my two friends my my tour. manager and my and fe feature for the weekend jason collings i say dude do you ever think about this thing i'm i just stepped out of that mall you ever think about this kind of stuff i'm never for as long as i live g to. ever go back into. that mall i will never my whole life. set foot back into. that mall and i think about that. stuff kind of all the time. and jason says dude. i think about that stuff. too and my tour. manager enrique says maybe i'll go back okay and i said well i think you're missing the point and also no you won't so what do you what's the situation where you might have to. go back to that mall. and he says i travel i'm a tour. i'm i'm a tour manager. maybe i'll come back with somebody maybe we'll come back. maybe i'll come back with someone. else maybe we'll maybe i'll be like oh i'm in sagna. maybe i need a new pair. of shoes maybe i'll go to. the mall they have four places. so whatever my point. is i'm never gna go. back to that mall ever. okay i'll never step foot back. in that mall again. and if somebody were to. tell me before i went. into that mall. hey this is the last time. you're ever going to. go to that mall. i might have some sort of anxiety. about it i might be like wow. really i i better take this. mall in at least a little bit right. now i didn't because i didn't think about it. because i for all i knew the mall. was going to be just totally awesome. okay there's going to. be a cool you know. coffee place and maybe a um a a good. shoe store and who knows maybe there was going. to be like a you know. a cool like store with clothing. that had also like asian toys in it. you know those there's those at the [music]. mall so i didn't know that and i left the mall. and then that's when i thought of it. and i know i'm never going. to step in that mall. again and that's basically the feeling that you get when someone tells you that there's going to. be an eclipse and it's the last time. in your life you're ever. going to going to. be able to. see this so don't miss it. and all you see is shade. over sun all you see is shade. basically what you see. is nothing you see the moon. over the sun but it blocks. the sun so you see nothing. so it makes you think well i got to. see that i'm never going. to see it again. and then you look at it. and you by the way you're not even supposed. to look at it. even with the glasses you're supposed. to kind of look to. the side so you don't actually. look at it they make you feel all. this anxiety and then you look at it. and it was what it. was guess what i didn't look. at it and guess what it. also happened 4 years ago. i don't like when people say it's the only time. what's with the memories you don't. remember there was an eclipse like four or five years. ago there's going to. be another one and also there's going to. be more eclipses then i'm going. to go to that sagen mall in my life. so i don't even have to. feel that anxious about now. grant an eclipse seeing an eclipse is cooler. than seeing the mall in sagen i guess. but i'm not doing either. ever again how about that. and i doesn't matter fact. i i've only done one. i've only gone to the mall. in sagen and not seen an eclipse and that's how i know. and that's how i make it feel okay. and justify it in my head. that it's okay i didn't see the eclipse next. topic [music] um i had a i had good show. man the shows in sag one of the top. five shows maybe maybe on tour. um so fun and uh uh and it was amazing. uh the people there need to. move you know it's just crazy. uh i was on stage. last time i was on stage. two weeks ago. kristen came with me and she literally was like why don't you because it was during the basketball. game that people you know it. was the men the basketball. game the men's one not the kristen caitlyn. clark one whatever uh i by the way. i'm so happy that's over. well let's get into. that later um uh college. basketball women um nc state played. and they played other carolina. or something i don't know and it it. was i was in raleigh so kristen was like the game's going. to be while you're doing. the show now i the show was great. i i had already sold the ticket. so i'm like okay it's going. to be okay it's not. like they're going to. not come to the show. cuz they're going to. go i mean maybe they are but they already. bought their tickets right. so i'm okay anyway showed up. had had a great show but she was like you know. what you should do now. this is why i think that maybe deep down. nobody either either nobody ever knows anyone or or people. don't give a [ __ ] about you as much as they care about themselves. okay it's one or the other and i keep getting. reminded about this in life. or reminded about this in life. like some one time i was at the coffee. be and tea leaf. and i met friends. with a guy he was a stunk guy. he looked like a little feret but he was stocky okay. super nice to everyone annoyingly so one. of those guys where you wouldn't be surprised. if he was religious as [ __ ] and he wasn't we talk all the time i mean i go to. this coffee place for years. now i've talked about this guy. on my podcast probably in the first 10. episodes and we were talking three. years talking almost every day. i'd see this dude. barring thanksgiving and christmas. you know and all the other ones. one day he's reading a book. and i don't remember what the book. was but let's just say it. was let's say it was let's say. it was the history of dookie because you know. why it do it doesn't matter. what it actually was i would have read it. just like i would have read the history of dookie. all right i would have never read. it meaning okay i'm not interested. in reading the history of dookie and i'm not interested. in reading whatever it was he was reading. so starts telling me about. the book which by the way. i'm fine with and why. am i fine with that. i am fine with i am. fine with someone telling me about a book. they read or are reading. because i like when people are really into. something and want to. share that with me it could be about the history of dookie if you are passionate. about the history of dookie and you want to. sit down and have a conversation. with somebody dude i'm not bullshitting. i'm your man i'll sit down. and we can only talk about the history of dookie. and i'm serious i am serious. my friends know mark my word. i guarantee i don't care you. can talk about quilt making i don't. care if you're into. it and passionate about it. i'll talk about it with you. that doesn't mean i want to. read the history of dookie okay. so whatever this guy's reading which is. the equivalent to. the history of dookie he starts. telling me about it. now i'm all years cuz i'm like okay. cool i want to. know about this guy and then he tops. it off the cherry is you should get this. book you should get this book. and read it and i said oh i don't know and he said you know. what i think you'd love [music]. it hey what we doing. what are you doing chris. i'm washing my hands with. this dude because why he doesn't know me. right he doesn't even think about. he he knows i've been sitting with this. dude for three years almost i mean. how many days a year 200 we talk. all the time and this dude. isn't not only going to. tell me i should read. the book which if he just said you should read. the book maybe maybe that would be okay. but he had to. follow it up with i think you'd like it. now i've talked to this. guy a maximum 600 days. okay it's been three years. let's level it out at 200. days a year so after all of that. you say i think you'd like it. well then guess what chia does. or in one of those dyson. ones the one of these ones. that don't work you don't. know me dude or you don't give a [ __ ] about me. or you're pushing your agenda. on me anyway and both are bad. so my wife and i don't mean. that as a bor impression. it did sound like a borad impression if you're still doing. a borat impression in 2024 you got to. take a hike for real. my wife it's a really. easy impression that everyone can. do and it's one of those ones. that you just they should have wrapped. that up the day after it. came out right. so my wife says to. me the the the the bas the the basketball. game's on when you're on stage. you know what you should do. he leans in yes. doubtful but there's hope she says you should give updates. that include the scores. of the basketball games during. your show now i'm just like nice. to meet you and she said well. i know that you don't. care but it would be fun. for the people in the audience. because it's in this city. the two towns in this state. are playing and they're not at the game. and they are at your show. so you should do it because of that. reason now i'm just like nice to. meet you you know and i and she says yeah but i know you wouldn't normally. want to but i think and i say sweetie. doll it's so nice to. to meet you we don't know each other. because you because here's the deal. my wife someone who's been down. right or my angel my you know what my homie. my [ __ ] homie dude i mean i'll put on some scarface in the car and listen to. that with her and just roll. i mean my homie. dude knows that not only am i not going to. do that i'm hella not going to. do that so it's a little bit like pay. attention and look i do it. too i probably i i do it. my wife would argue i do. it the most i i i make people like stuff. but i a cult. leader it's different you know um the updat to. nc state game you know like i'd have to. google it i'm like babe. where would i how would i do this. in the middle of what bits. in the in the middle of my you know. trans material and uh and talking about going. to rehab or in the middle. of what oh by the way. yeah by the way they're up. six and see the the gamecocks. are up six or whatever. and then and then now uh by the way there's a team. called the gamecocks you know. change it uh so the caitlyn. clark thing is just out of control. i guess she's good at shooting and i go. like this next and that's fine. and that's good and you know. what here's the thing it's nice. when people are good at what. they do i love when people are good. at what they do and if they're good. at what they do then that's great. but they're i turned it. on for a little bit and they play. like children okay they're not as good. as the best players who are the nba. they're not even as i mean. are they i mean you watch some of these female. basketball players dude and everyone's like and look and she is great. and look you could say she's great. for that league and yeah. okay lebron james technically is great. for his league but that's the best. league there is something to. be said about watching somebody who can inspire. a bunch of people and that i get don't matter. what league you're in you can be in little league. right i could be at one. of my son's tball games. and i can watch that. and of course they're not playing at the same. level as tim sammon and and and john kook right. but they're still they can inspire. each other right the even if they're not my kids. right my kids i want. to watch my kids play basketball. baseball but it's like you know yeah they're not playing at the level of of darren doton john olude but they're still inspiring. each other right they're not playing. the the same level. as joe carter and fred mcgriff but they're still in inspiring. each other right like they're not playing the same. level as as as tony gwyn and andy v but they're still inspiring. each other right like they're not they're not playing. uh the the the same level. as howard johnson and daryl. strawbery but they're still inspiring. each other right right like they're not playing the same. level as don mattingley and hensley muin but they're still inspiring. each other right right like they're not playing the same. level as ricky henderson and jose cona my friend thought. it was joe's cano but they're still in inspiring. each other right right like they're not playing the same. level as dave henderson or mark. mcguire but there still inspiring. not about todd zal. and chris sabble but they're still. inspiring each other right right like not play. the same level as al leader. and dennis erson but they're inspiring. each other right like they're not playing the same. level as [ __ ] david con and moi wilson but they're still inspiring. each other [applause] right like they're not playing the same. level as aie smith and oil campoy but they're still inspiring. each other right like they i play the same. level as barry lin and [ __ ] c but they still inspire each other right. like they don't have 69. twins in 69 wins. in a row like [ __ ] oral. hershiser or they don't play as well as ky bucket. but they're still inspiring. with are right dude he's still going. they're not playing at the same. level as keri jr or kevin mitchell. but they're still inspiring. each other dude he keeps he's a ' 990s kid. he's an 80s '90s. kid and he doesn't know sports. but he did but he did dude. so when you come at me. with a oh yeah but caitlyn clark she actually has a killer. crossover i say no and you say. that's not cool but the the kid. knows sports yeah so it's like if my son's playing. yeah he's not playing at the same. level as gary carter and todd. zal but he's still inspiring. each other did i say todd. zil already i may have. i may have did i did. he double up if he doubled. up okay i'm sorry but that was the last. one but dude who what other comedian. could do that what other person. can do that vin scully. with his remember he tweeted. his [ __ ] picture of his eye. he's dead dude imagine if i am. announced a b baseball game but anyway so you got to. watch this caitlyn clark woman. play basketball and she's good she's the best. in her league whatever she lost. against the gamecocks don't call a team. the gamecock right uh it's it's it's it's like calling a team. chess schlong but you know uh and the chess song uh so my buddy's trying. to get me to. watch it and i don't watch it. and that's really it honestly. so i go uh i'm working out. you know you know me. right i worked out three. times this week i couldn't get to. a fourth i just couldn't man. you know if i only work out three days a week. i get i get i get all bunched. up and then i just want to. quit but i'm going to. go tomorrow and that's fine. and i was on the road. and it was hard. to do sagen because of you know. the dread and uh but i was at the gym. before i even went to. the road and um i'm in my locker. room my not mine i'm. in the gym locker. room and dude i'm getting changed i see. someone walk in with a grocery. bag now look not only is this. the world but this is la. and there's everything in the world you know. there is like there's a guy drinking. out of a coconut right. now you know what i'm talking. about there's a boy on. a carpet pretending it's flying. around right now right. now there's 8 billion people. right okay there's somebody even though. you thought these were closed. there's somebody somewhere at a fr. electronic they're there you thought they all closed. down but there's that many people somebody's eating funions watching wrestling. there's probably many people eating. funions watching wrestling but my point. is a guy carrying a grocery. bag in a locker room. isn't that farfetched in the world. let alone la because la is the macrocosm. to the microcosm of the world. and i know that sounds backwards. but it's not right cuz like you take somebody who's somewhat. themselves and they move to. la they become major themselves. okay so he's carrying a grocery. bag and he's walking around. in regular clothes and i'm just like well. that's kind of weird but it's la. but it's kind of weird. but it's the world and it's also la right. there's a billion people here. so why aren't why wouldn't i be in the locker. room witnessing a guy carrying a grocery bag. you know what i'm saying like like a lot. of times people will stop me. on the street and they'll be like hey chris leo. what the heck and i'll just look at him. and say i got to. be somewhere and i'm right. i'm somewhere and they just saw me. so i am now uh in that mindset. i'm like ah you know. what this has to. happen somewhere it's happening. right now the guy looks at the receipt on the bag and says craig. it's postmates it's postmates or uber eats it's door. dash it's delivery hey where's the the worst place to. have food in a locker. room with a bunch of schlongs. out hey dude in the directions yeah i'm at the gym. what you're going to. want to do is give them. this membership code come up. i'm in the men's locker. room hopefully you're a dude. otherwise you can't get in anyway. thanks for the asparagus. and chicken dude and it was delivered. to a guy in my life. locker room the locker room this. gym is nuts though. la is crazy i saw a dude. in there in that same gym. once with a tank top. on working out eating. chicken with his hands like a [ __ ] naughty king. like seriously eating chicken off. the bone not pieces like like the wing. like the wings part like the worst. part to do it. you know and with another dude. just talking in front of the weights. that was crazy that was crazy. and you're probably like what kind of guy. would do that think about it. whoever you have in your head. that's who because that's so the obvious. guy who would do that. crazy to get u. ordered anywhere but an establishment that you kind of either own or work there like to. just be i ordered postmates. the other day i ordered. uh an earth bar. bar shake talk about la. i got the protein. uh uh what is it called. the not the protein. the the workout what the hell. is it called the i either. get the great morning. breakfast shake which sounds weird. but it's good and or the uh what the hell. is the earth bar shake. called hold on let me. look it up earth. bar what oh earth. i put it on there. earth bar shake. what the hell is. it called what do i muscle. up that's what it is. i get that cuz i'm a sucker. and i think it's probably good. for my muscles i order. only that okay i tip. the person like $10 it's going. to be 20. bucks to get it. delivered to my house. now yes chris what the [ __ ] why couldn't you go get it. for $5 yourself and the answer. is because i don't want to. right right so they came so so dude. do you do the thing where you watch. them show up like this. is crazy cuz my wife will order. will order uber eats and then just at some point. go to the front door. like there's no food's here. like she waits too long. and then goes and gets it and it's it's it. is maddening because i'm hungry. too she'll be like i'll order. it she orders it just throws. her phone it goes like it like goes down. a waterfall and she's just like it don't be here. she don't give a [ __ ] and then i'm like hey when's the food. going to be here and she's like i don't. know this is why you i didn't. you look at it. here and i'm like well you ordered. it she's like well get find my phone. and i'm like this is has not what so i track. the [ __ ] right i'm like bear grills when somebody orders when i order. a shake from earth. bar if i'm getting b whatever it is a burger. from a nice gourmet. place i might as well be dropped into. the middle of the tundra with nothing and my name is bear grills because i am tracking. the dude getting my [ __ ] guess what if they switch. drivers i'm already well aware if you switch. drivers from otis to. nantuk or whatever. the [ __ ] their names are oh i know i know otis was first and i watch and i even know when the service cuts out for him. because it glitches they stop for a little bit a normal. person a plebian a rookie's. eye might see that and be like why did they stop in in the middle of o and then boom they're way ahead. and they're way ahead because their service. cut out because i live in the hills all right. and i know this i see the car. coming up the street it's about three. or four well no it's about six blocks. away now look when you live not in new york. six blocks may as well be 90. mi you're not walking it it's crazy. to do that in new york. for some reason it doesn't matter in new york. you could just walk from tri. becca to harlem and be like you guys. want to keep going. i don't know why they do. that but they do that. and you'll do that there. too for some reason. you're just like ah this is what. you do in new york. but if you walk more than five blocks. in la you are a lunatic. okay so it's six blocks away. i'm watching it and then it says rate your order. and i go huh. that's crazy because i'm watching i'm watching where they stopped and i am where i live. and both of those places. aren't one and the same so god. what you doing whoever's the all knower all seer. what's going on and then the app just kind of you know stops doing what the app does so i go. oh no and i walked downstairs. to the front door i. open it up and guess. what's there a doormat guess. what else is there a a case. of arrowhead bott water. bottles that i didn't bring up. yet and guess what else is there. um one of my wife's little statue things. that uh is like a it's like a little boy. with a [ __ ] hat on guess guess what else is there. nothing huh but my foods delivered and i am. where i [laughter] live hey dude. two things are for sure. if my food is delivered and i am where i live. i'm gna have a mouth. full of [ __ ] in about four minutes but what the heck the only thing. in front of my door. is a doormat my wife's little statue and the arrowhead bottle waters. that i did bring up. yet so god what you doing. i go on the app and you know. how they can send a like they they take a picture. of where the food. is that they deliver well. i looked at that picture. and guess what was on. that picture my food and guess what was behind my food. nothing i've ever seen before. nothing i have have ever laid. eyes on before the door. the ground where the door. meets the ground there was a little branch. that was coming into. the frame that i had never seen. and there that earth bar. bag was so i go. out loud oh no no no no no no no no no no and i click the thing to. call the person now what does. that do it does doesn't call. the person what it does. is it says hey pick. up the phone when it rings we'll connect. you to the person. that dropped off your food. i don't want it to. be that way i want the person's [ __ ] cell phone number. as soon as they deliver. it especially if it's six blocks away. but instead i'm waiting for the call ring ring. i pick up hello. heated guess what i'm talking to. another phone ring i'm not talking hello. and it's always if if you do this. with postmates or uber eats it's always somebody that. answers the phone with an attitude. of like hey who is this. and it's like there's a 90% chance it's me. hello hi yeah hi this is always me did you you. uh drop the uh food. off you dro the food. what yeah um you know tremis. or whatever the [ __ ] their names are uh did you drop the did you drop the food. off you dropped the food. off but it wasn't at the actual. place i looked at the picture. and there was a doorway i've never seen. before so the lady says i did. like how do you how do you not like how do you control. yourself in that situ you. know what i'm saying like some people like kristen would just be like oh yeah i think maybe maybe so i go uh yeah yeah yeah you did. it at a place that. is not my house and she said oh i said you dropped it. on and i said this. street which is not even my street. and she said oh i did and i said yeah. and she says oh god okay. huh so i say you have to. deliver it to. the now now are you ever in a situation. where you're dealing with. such a [ __ ] that you you can't. like you can't not sound. like a dick to. them you know like i ended up saying yeah. so you have to. actually deliver it to. the address that it says. and i'm like and and i look at my wife. and my wife is like like chris. like are you be and i'm like what else. do i say what else. can i say she's like yeah. you're right is a big idiot. so i say okay. she says all right well you know what let me. go back and um pick it up. and then i'll bring it. i'll bring it i say. okay hang up and guess what that's the end. of this story you're probably like yeah. well but what happened nothing nothing. i was just me after that. and that lady was that lady. after that and i never got my food. nothing happened after that the end. of the story was when i hung up. without my food do that. suck but that's the end. of the food so i didn't. get the thing luckily dude. i ordered two different things at the same. [ __ ] [music] time and there it was in 5. minutes the other guy. came through dude yes you cannot beat a [ __ ] who's been to. that mall in sagen you can't life. you can't god he ordered. salmon he ordered a salmon bowl. too dude he knew something. like that was going. to happen dude sometimes it's not like you're psychic but it's like all. the things that have happened. to you in your life. you use them together to. predict what's about to. happen like they do on that. show foundation and you figure out. in a way it's like a science. oh i'm due for the food. not being delivered because it's now. and because of all the things that have happened. in my life already and that's fine. so i'm going to. order two meals from two different [music]. places and i got one of them. dude he beat life it's all. good i i we were eating. we started watching my dude. hey just so you know. uh my wife and friends. betrayed me this week so that's cool. know what they did oh dude. i'm going on the let me okay. we have friends that that come over. a lot david and jerich. all right now here's the deal. all right uh we watch tv. a lot at night uh it's the it's the night. i go i leave to. to go to michigan. wednesday night i'm leaving. i'm taking the red eye. okay they come david comes over. and jericho comes over my wife. is over because it's our house. and i'm here cu i bought this. [ __ ] thing and they say want to. watch something now i got to. leave in i gota leave in two. hours and i got to. pack so i say well if we watch something it. should be like a movie or something. they were like uh oh and my was like well let's watch a series. and i'm like what are you doing. like what do you even. i i can't what series is an episode. and a half long. oh you're g to. watch an episode and then i'm gna. go and i'm gonna come back. in five days we're g to. finish the series you got three people here they're goingon to. watch nine they you're going to. watch the whole thing she's like n. yeah so i say you know. what we should watch when i get back. though top of the lake. now i don't know if you know what top. of the lake is it's with the woman. from mad men and invisible. man whatever that horror movie is and uh uh handmaid's tail and she is like looking for a lost girl and and you know what it is i know my friends i'm not like that guy at the coffee bean. that was the stunt man. that tried to. get me to read. the book the history of dookie i'm not like my wife. that's trying to tell me. to give nc state updates. uh in the middle of my act i i'm me. i understand my friends i understand. me and something i know is taking into. account all of us this. show top of the lake. is right up our alley. okay and i know this but i don't just kind of know. it i really know it. and do you know why. i really know it. because a lot of times you see a trailer. and you're like i think i might see that. like that movie cuckoo that's coming. out i really want to. see that that trailer is awesome. it doesn't give anything away. and dan stevens is in it. two things i love what trailers have. okay and sometimes i know something. is right up our alley. because i've already seen a few. episodes now i say to. them i've already seen about. two or three episodes. but it's so right upper alley. and i stopped watching it just because i don't know. why i was doing something. else this was 10 years. ago it came out in 2013. but why don't we watch that. when i get back and they go yeah. maybe i go upstairs to. pack and calvin comes with me. it's really cute i'm uh i'm loving. it you know he's like what are you going. to pack i'm having a real fatherson. thing um and uh he's likew you going. to take this and that he's like you take this. when you come back what. you know what are we going. to do and it's so cute. i pack it takes me. about 35 minutes i got about. an hour left i walked downstairs and elizabeth. moss is on screen do you know what elizabeth moss was. in madman elizabeth moss was in handmaid's. tail elizabeth moss was in that. invisible woman movie or whatever the [ __ ] it's called and she's also in top of the lake. and i'm like huh. this isn't any of the things. i just mentioned but top of the lake. so i go what are you got what. are you guys doing and it's like i don't know. they said you saw it. dude david chimes in with one. of these [ __ ] oh you said you saw it oh dude i didn't did i i i i you're taking it out of you're doing the [ __ ] thing where if this was in court i'd be [ __ ] but you know what i meant right they're already well into. the first episode i'm busy packing. trying to make the money. to pay for this. hulu subscription being a good dad teaching calvin out a pack and they go behind my back and i come down and they're watching elizabeth moss in this caper and i go i wanted to. watch it she like well you all right. [ __ ] all right well i'm not going to. watch it now and like i we'll watch an episode. or two and we'll watch when get back. you said you watch two episodes. okay fine i'm it's not worth. it i got to. leave i leave my ride. comes 10:40 late redey [ __ ] right i leave bro. every day my wife usually goes. to bed before 12. i'm on the plane on the redeye. and it's [ __ ] 300 a.m. and i'm texting with my wife. i don't understand what's going. on but she's four episodes. deep of top of the lake. and my friend is still over. and so is jerich. okay so i go what the [ __ ] you never stay. up late i said i wanted. to see the show like i know but we were just into. it and you know y. y hey dude this story is not. over the next night david. comes over again so does. jer and they watch another few episodes. dude oh and the story isn't over. yet on the third night. when i'm in saga outbreak. city michigan tossing and turning in my residence. in full catching hotel jerica texts. me good news season. two of top of the lake. is had anyway ow you abandoned me he betrayed. me he stabed me in the front you invited. my friend over and watch the show. that i suggested that said it. was nine to [applause] see what the [ __ ] when am i going to. watch this [ __ ] thing now it's going to. be the same i might as well be might as well be the m and sagar i'm never going. back to that i'll never see. this thing now all of my friends. and wife has seen it. unreal dude they betrayed me. stabbed me in the front but you live and learn. i won't ever mum's the. word when it comes to. what they want they want to. say you you want to. see more shows m's the word and then i come back and i say uh i come back and i and i and i and i say well you guys watch the show. huh and she said they say. yeah and i say uh where's where's i going with this. you want i come back. i say you watch the show. yeah and and and we're like let's start. a new one so i'm like all. right no harm no foul. i missed the whole. season it's not like i have to. sit here and watch the end. of a thing which would suck. so dude i i was on the road. for 4 days i come 5. days i come back and i'm like i know what my i i i know. i know i'm gna i got a show. on lock that i've seen before. that is going to. be so up my alley. so up david's alley. so up jericho's alley. so up kristen's alley. that it's going to. make top of the lake. looked like the history of dookie okay. like i've got the most killer show. and and and and i've already seen and i don't watch it. twice i do not watch it. twice but i got to. make a point and i'm like should i should i even tell him. i've seen it before. or should i so i say guys. i got the show you [ __ ] me royally. with the top of the lake. [ __ ] i mean you really just opened me up. and went to town. right let's admit it. let's admit it 5. days you opened me up. and you just you you you you cooked up. you you just grilled uh sausage. on my insides you just you. opened me up like with like a grill. and you just fed your extended family. right didn't you right okay. can we agree on that. right ah [ __ ] right you filled your bellies. by by just opening me up. right you even had some enemies. at the cookout so i'm like all right. i got it this show. is right up your alley. i know because i've seen it. and i'm willing to. watch it again there isn't a show that you'd like more than this. show collectively all three of you. and it's called broad. church and you know what the next. thing that happened was my wife. said but look and pointed. to the [ __ ] tv screen and it was on the homepage of that. [ __ ] in the night tnt show with chris pine that came out in 2019 remember that show no because it was only on one season would means it sucks cuz it didn't get to. season 2 it was on tnt. and they don't really push the envelope. do they and it was in 2019. when chris pine was a rising star and nobody knows about it. and i say what about. this in the night what's it. called in the night i am the night. and i go what is this. about and dude. it starts and i said babe. the broad church show trust. me is right up your alley. she says yeah but we always watch what you want. to watch why don't we just give it 5. minutes dude and here's why that is like a little twisting knife. in my chest that's what i say. that's what i say to. her give it five minutes. if you don't like it we'll change. it oh i gave it five. minutes dude it's a period. piece it's a period piece i gave it five minutes i gave it 10. minutes i give it 15. minutes i put cal to. bed i came back down we were 30. minutes into the show. and i said hey is this. good and myio says i don't know. and david says and i say so maybe watch something else and she said come on i'm kind of into. it oh dude bro this isn't even close to. the end of the story buckle the [ __ ] up we watched a full episode of i am the night and i was like this just got home from [ __ ] saging and i'm like this watching the boringest [ __ ] by the way chris pine's a great actor if he wasn't so handsome people would value him as a better actor but they just they think he's handsome and he's good but he's great okay i don't care it's a period. piece and it's about the black dollia. again how many things are going. make a [ __ ] about the black doia. but anyway so i at the end of the episode. i say you want to. watch episode two and chris. is like i'm kind of into. it and david's like i mean. whatever i'm kind of easy. and i'm like guys you're going. to be so into. broad church so they say. what about episode two. of i am the night. and i say what about. if we just give broad church. five minutes my wife. says we always watch what you want. to watch and this sucks. and i say babe. i know you you're going. to love this show she says okay. play it and she looks at me. sternly and she says i better. [ __ ] love this show and i say game on broad. church starts and dude. it's like immediately we're all watching. a [ __ ] ufc fight okay everybody is locked in engaged in in the credits. happening when my wife says oh man. this is it i'm into. it so i go i know my [ __ ] dude why do they toy with me and so so we're watching it we watched. we watched four episodes. dude so i'm like dude. they i think they only watch three of top. of the lake i'm winning. i i i'm i'm killing them. in this hole even though. they stab me in the front i'm still i'm being the good. guy and i'm rising on the top. right i'm i'm being the good. guy i'm being the i'm being the guy i'm not saying much i'm like i'm showing him. the show i've already seen it. i'm being a good dude. we watched four episodes. and i and i go i got to. go to bed i got to. wake up tomorrow renew my my license. at the dmv so everyone leaves. we go to bed. wake up kristen says maybe four hours. ago hey want to. watch broad church and i say. well david's not here jericho. was and she says well uh i'm going. to text david so she texts david. hey uh want to. come over tonight i say. i text him he want. to come over tonight and he says yeah. but i got to. go dinner with rick glassman so why don't you watch. episode 5 right now. and i'll watch episode 5 right. now i'll go to. dinner with rick glasman and then we'll watch episode. 6 and8 when i 6 s8. when i come over after rick glassman's dinner and i say great. my wife shing ding. ding episode 5 we watch it. it's great we're hooked rolls into. episode six i say yo. we should probably turn it off. cuz david's going to. come and she says well just keep it. in the background we watch it. again i say ah whatever. okay fine also i know secretly david might have rolled it. into episode 6 like there's all sorts. of stuff going on in the background. right and that could have happened. you know so we're playing episode. 6 um and then the producers come. over to do this show. congratulations guess what my wife is watching. as i talk to. you right now broad. church season 1 episode. 8 which means i'm not watching it. with her dude do you know how much they opened me up. this week does anybody want. a hot dog that's them. what do you want on. your hot dog it's almost done. that's them just opening. it opening me up. dude is that anybody what do. you want you want cheese. on your burger chris's chest is. open and we're sizzling it. unreal dude so now i gotta go. i got to go. back i gotta go out there. now and i got to. go watch episode seven of here's the craziest part. i've already seen it i forgot. what happened and my wife has seen it now. definitely and she knows what. happened cuz she just saw it. so now she's looking at me. like i know what happens. and i'm like i forget what happens. dude stab me in the front open. me up how you want your burger. and that is so nuts. bro why do they toy with me. why do they toy with me. i know deep down what everyone wants. to watch she just got back. in she just finished brad. she just walked in she just finished. walk yeah you have fun. you see the scene i was talking about that. was crazy yeah all right. i don't want to. know anymore cuz i forget. all i remember is the one. crazy scene and i told you where the girl. driving hees and it was the best. acting i've ever seen and i don't want. you to [ __ ] say anything else cuz i don't remember the ins. and outs of who did what and what did. who and so just don't tell me. but it was crazy. and dude we're going to. watch broad broad church. season 2 and we're going. to watch broad church. season 3 and you're not going. to watch it without me. and that's it if i have to. go on the road and we're in the middle. you wait you're not doing. the top of the lake. backstab the top of the lake. backstab shuffle you're not going to. do that again anyway. what else is going on no. i i didn't even talk about the thing. about dude last night i got it. here too last night we're watching the the [ __ ] uh uh uh uh broad. church david says do you guys mind. sometimes david's too friendly he says. do you guys mind. if i move the ottoman a little closer. i put my foot on it. and i said what the [ __ ] are you saying he's like what i was like are you asking me if you can move the ottoman and he was like yeah and i was like yeah you can move the ottoman it's a [ __ ] ottoman don't ask. me that it's it's like are you crazy. and he was like yeah i guess. you're right okay moves it. closer puts his foot on it. the care i have is zero. we're watching broad church. bro episode three in the middle. i look over at him. he's next to. me eating waffles eating waffles with syrup. and butter eating calvin's. waffles and i i look at him and i looked at my wife and i say you [ __ ] believe this guy hey hey can i move your ottoman hey can i move your ottoman clo closer that's what he asks that's what he asks and then doesn't ask to. go [ __ ] house the waffles that we have in his tummy. he heated the syrup. up he heated the syrup. up in a in a bowl. in the microwave we had. a good laugh after that. um a llama is going to. school did you see this. alama has enrolled in an undergraduate program. at a college which means someone's not getting. in because of this [ __ ] llama you know hey uh oh i didn't get i didn't get into. what's the university let's find. it uh caesar the no drama llama will be pursuing a minor in spanish hey no it won't and a micro credential in petting zoo administration. hey no it won't i get it. it's cute but dude. everything for clicks now. right like what the [ __ ] a llama of all the animals. to the most [ __ ] disrespect like put a monkey in it put a monkey in a [ __ ] you know at penn. state a it's probably some what college. is this i mean what the [ __ ] it smells so bad in class. you know it's just going. like that in the back. can you can you be quiet. i'm trying to take a test. it just spits on you okay. well this this school. sucks crazy dude and i know it's probably. just for fun and clicks. but i don't care stop it. stop it oh congrats to. alex and britney on their engagement in hawaii from austin. go to my page if you want. to purchase a 10word shout out or add. holler. christa congratulations to. matt r he got a deal he got a deal for netflix. two specials one of them. is an at least one. of them i think i think one. i don't think two is a a crowd. work special which is the first crowd. workor special in netflix that they're going. to do which is awesome. congratulations to him and dude. the [ __ ] piss takes that people are taking on him it's like why can't like dude there has to. be that guy there. has to be that guy. where their comedy is you know. they're the poster boy of. what you know the youth. or quote unquote not. that he doesn't have male friends. he male fans he does. but he has a lot of female. fans that people are going. to be like oh this. guy makes comedy and it sucks. they just gonna always be that guy. okay there's gna be that. guy and and and he's going to. be that guy and that's fine. i love him okay. and i have nothing but good wishes. for him and i think that that [ __ ] uh it's awesome. that he's doing his [ __ ] and making his money and he's funny. okay now the the the anger. that stirs that this stirs up. oh he's not even funny. he's just being a bully. he's punching down dude. if you come to. my show i'm punching down it's funny. it's funny to. punch up punch down all around. all right i punch all. around okay so does matt here's the deal. um there are comedians that are trashing. him [ __ ] you dude like you that's so [ __ ] to. trash another comedian because of there's like first of all the the kid's. 27 dude you got greg. prs out there and mark marin being like this. guy's shitty like wow this isn't right. that netflix gave and then you got kathy. [ __ ] griffin like you said it greg. prs you guys are 60. dude you are [ __ ] 60. years old matt re is 27. let him make his [ __ ] millions of dollars. let him make people happy. dude he's a good [ __ ] guy it's so dumb dude. oh man the more comedians that. make more money that sell more. tickets make other comedians make more money. and sell more tickets. it's not a a whole pie. that you can only take some of there's an infinite amount. of pies there's there's 8 billion people. in the world people aren't going. to like the same people. that like matt aren't going. to like me same. people who like me aren't going. to like mar mar same. people who like mar they're. not going to like [ __ ] carrot top there's people out there that go see [ __ ] terry fur it's not for me but what the [ __ ] you want to go go make your money but for a comedian to trash another comedian like that is [ __ ] up and there's no loyalty to the game it sucks it sucks dude especially you're [ __ ] 30 years older than the [ __ ] um and i'm not saying they're bad guys like you know who knows they had a bad day they tweet this tweet that but it's just like this [ __ ] hate this hate that happens on the internet and this like uh this anger this i want to take down the man who has the stuff is just [ __ ] crazyy dude um yeah i just uh there's no honor in that [ __ ] there's no honor there's no uh what do you call it brotherhood sisterhood whatever you want to call it they hood cu there's trans people too um that's it thank you very much for listening to congratulations appreciate you and uh that's it for the episode on youtube if you want to watch the rest of it the uncut episode uh go on over to the patreon and our next patreon is going to be our next it's six bucks to go check out uh the every episode in its entirety and then also uh the extra episode a month that we do and the next one we do is going to be a banger we have a surprise in store for you appreciate you [music] guys [ __ ] [music] youu [music] [ __ ] 