 [music] runk hey guys phoenix is on sale. sacramento is on sale. alb albuquerque and el paso i'll also be in brea california. oxnard california and reading and no this. will probably come out after that. uh well maybe not philadelphia i got a bunch of dates. coming up go to. chris dot com and then check out. my special grow or die. at chia dot com you can go. stream it now uh the links. are all provided below and uh i guess. that's it you know. i decided uh this is well you know i usually do a solo thing. and uh i've never really had anybody on. this podcast except for my family. and also david sullivan but uh he our family. yeah kind of in a way. well he's not technically he come he came to. our thanksgiving i know but i'm italian. so it's like family is. family you know oh so when you say stuff. like to calvin orly talk. to the microphone. we said to. calvin orly like there're are family. too and the italian. eny goes like this nah not for nothing. but no they're not but anyway uh this is this. is my family uh welcome. kristen to the podcast. um because i wanted to. have her on and that's that's that. part of the reason why uh i wanted to. have her on is to. shake things up but also i know. a lot of you sometimes. like when she comes on um but also christmas. is coming up and she loves christmas. so i figured that. we could do some sort of a christmas. thing but then also she loves. christmas and so she decided to. without even really me knowing. decorate for christmas in my podcast. now you love decorating talking to. the microphone make it was. okay but make sure it's just close. to your mouth it's got to. be close to. your mouth before you don't have. it on your teeth. now okay hey babe what's up. wow um so yeah but so i'm talking i i know. but i'm just saying you're stressing. me out but you like you like to. but you like to. decorate oh yeah it's my absolute jam. wow there is nothing wider than what you. just said seeing you the way. you said it in this. in this aesthetic that's my absolute jam. these are really the so thing i want to. show by the way you look great. thanks i have my dc. yeah i saw it yeah. i saw the other one. yeah what are they they're. both the same they're uh uh ornaments oh yeah. yeah what are they you. know like i'm calvin i know. well cuz i know some people just listen. oh i see she knows. what's up dude describe them. yeah so all right well christmas. is coming up and that's cool. and uh let me do a little asmr. description for the audio listeners of what of what the podcast. looks like right now asmr oh like you're going. to whisper it yeah okay. so welcome to. the new christmas podcast. studio for this episode we have a beautiful. runner on the desk that's green. and white tweed kind of woven. together i have a mama claus. coffee cup we have some twinkly. candles on on the desk. a beautiful fur faux christmas. tree behind us a merry christmas. um picture some bells and a a christmas. thing and a snowman so pissed. my toddler is very upset. that i moved yeah um okay. that was good i don't. know if that counts as asmr. but you know it's nice. and you are in your element. when you're in a thing. like this this is crazy. how honestly i am like a man. and a lot of men. listen to this podcast. and they're like [ __ ] yeah chris le's. the man i am not the man. here right now you decorated. my [ __ ] like christmas. and i didn't even know really i came in and i'm like okay. cool and a lot of people. are going to. think hey crystal is [ __ ] made because of this i would actually think see that's if they're like beta. males no it's not there's no no. let me let me if they're like not. fully um in their manhood that. is what they would think if they're fully. in their manhood they're like wow. that's amazing that he's at a place. where like his wife is doing. these things and they're creating. these things together and they're happy. together you just described a woman and that is what a woman thinks a man thinks like a look at this [ __ ] [ __ ] you know the producer nodded but i don't but yeah but and i don't but i don't i don't it it's fine i'm like i'm on my [ __ ] made [ __ ] when i'm on it like i'm fine with it but uh there are dudes are going to. be like a [ __ ] f look at this. and they're going to. be pissed but like and that's fine. but they just got to. wait till next episode because i'll clean. this [ __ ] out i'll make it more dude next episode i'm going to. come back there's going to. be all sorts of [ __ ] like uh there's going to. be like uh phil collins. posters and i'm just going to. be the man but that would require you to. do something i'm not going. to do i'm going. to ask you to. do it yeah and or you know. whatever i don't know but here's the thing. like i'm thinking of like caveman manly. men if they went back. to the cave and it. was just men yeah first. of all well yeah that would be gay. sure and second of all if they came back. to their cave it would be. like trashed and dirt. everywhere the fact that like a man. could go out and hunt. and get your elk bring it. back and then the cave. is like nice and cozy. and warm because his wife. made it that way that's the c. man wife made it. that way but also to. bag a wife like that. no i understand but you you also literally bagged a wife back. then you'd put her in a bag. and drag her to. your your your your uh cave. um but no i don't i i get it. but i also think that you're describing. a woman still you don't first. of all no men say they only want. men around right there's no parties where it's like dude. no chicks allowed only dudes someone like that who some babe. your hangouts are like that. but that's not yeah but i okay. so i'm married though. but like i'm saying when when somebody is just a single dude. they're just they don't want only dudes around. sure yeah and then also if you put that dude. in an apartment or in a house. and you say hey bro. single guy do whatever. you want that house is going. to stay like that and they're going. to have a couch in the tv. and that's it m and that's sad. no okay but it's sad. but to you a woman. to a guy the guy's going. to go like this what you're going. to you say you you're going. to decorate this and guys going. go like this what it's all. done got the tv got the couch. i know and that's really like the flaw. in the male psyche that's the flaw. in the male py i. mean there's so many but like there are but we're talking there's something about but i [ __ ] do crazy with this. pistol squats though babe no. we're not going there yet. there's so many things that men. feminize and and decide that like that's not. well yeah of course manly. just like crying sure but like i'm saying also like making your house. nice and warm and cozy. it's considered a feminine. thing so like my experience as a girl. living with other girls shout out. i'm trying to think my last. my last roommate lauren perkins sweetie. angel also very hot and oh we should do dating show we should do a dating show yeah. have her be like our bachelorette. that's okay this is congratulations. the podcast that's something completely different. that i also don't want to. do be a nice little twist. anyways when i was living with lauren like i remember we would decorate. for the holidays and we would have nights. where we would just stand. we drink a glass of wine. we do our laundry together. i maybe slept in my own. bed twice i would only sleep. in her bed and she would sleep. in yours yeah we'd cuddle and. youle sleep in opposite beds. we just wanted to. be you're not getting the joke. god god damn it she's in her in her nostalgia. i'm saying she's s in your bed. and you s in her. bed like at different time. at the same time i get it. okay well no it's not that. funny but you you have to. at least acknowledge it sure sure sure sure anyway we did this and we cut all so do it and it was lovely. and like imagine a guy. coming home and like crying. in his roommate's lap like that's an impossibility. i would come home and just have like a little bit. of a hard day. and just be like hold me. and she hold me. and it was so lovely. and warm and cozy. dude men need to. it's that's not uh embrace coziness but what about the like being like sick. with it and like dope what about like coming. home and being all like yo. that day was so shitty. all i want to. do is ball out all. i want to. do is get some [ __ ] i'm not even into. this but some dudes might be like spinach. dip the tostitos and i want to. watch the game i don't watch the game but that's like a dude. they like [ __ ] and someone goes like this. how was work and you go. like this what shut up. dude look it's third. down that's what they do. because let me tell you something. man it's so you have to. i guess experience what it. is you're actually feeling but man. i be damn do you because you could just no you could just be like hey problems get out. of here i don't do i have problems yeah. but do i yeah no and you know. what babe i'm gonna bow out with the spinach. dip that worked out f. fantastic for say i'm saying you can you can do. that though there are guys who do that. successfully and then just like die. at like 82 i didn't do. it successfully i obviously you know i a lot of my [ __ ] is like arms length humor humor you know like like but like when it comes to. dudes yeah they can do that. successfully uhuh for 80 85 years and then just be like i was a dude peace out and then yeah the wife is like oh man but here's the thing i wish she cried more no that's actually not what happens what happens is the guy celebrates his 20th wedding anniversary and then he goes to. work and then he comes home. with a note saying that. she left because she's been asking for the same. things for 20 years. and he's just been bearing it. and not listening to. her and so then he is sad. and lonely for the last 20. years but i will too many. laura lin movies dud. oh my god but i i do agree. well most women initiate divorces. i think it's like 70% and the majority of them. site ex exhaustion yeah but that's because women are always exhausted. you know why cuz they love busying themselves. with [ __ ] they do dude they always do [ __ ] like g g how many ch how many women ring that bell behind you so i can start boxing you no. how many how many women go like this. uh uh the kids and i had to. take the thing and then we had to. do this any and okay. and really the only thing you have to. do is the [ __ ] you have to. do but women will be like h. you have no idea i had to. go find uggs oh my god i had to. go get the the plants. to give to the lady. because to say thank you. you don't even need to. do all that [ __ ] and then they'll be like you know what i'm so exhausted. from all the [ __ ] that i made up i'm going. to divorce my husband yeah. and we're the bad guy. honey i know you're joking but like what percentage of you for real. believes that that guy that meme. who was that i don't know. i i'll find it that's a meme. yeah what is it yellow. su oh oh oh spice adams he's funny um what percentage of me. believes that oh dude. well no you would have to. say what percentage of women. do i think are like that. no cuz that's a it'd be a ridiculous. it'd be a ridiculous thing to. think that even one woman was completely. like that but there are yeah. i guess you're right dude. there are you're telling me. oh god damn dude i mean. half of women are probably like that. christopher fighting words but you're not. like that i hope but like but like what do. you mean you hope you've known me. for seven years no no no but but yeah i'm saying you can still. leave me but i'm saying like because of exha you because of exhaustion because but really what it. is is you went to. michaels too many times the craft. store you you stop doing that dude. that imagine after all we've been through. if that if that was like how you rectified it. in your head cuz you couldn't come to. grips with your own like consequences that. you face and you're like you know. what she just went to. michaels too many times and left my ass. michael is a craft store. that she's going all go to. all the time and it's she's not going. to leave me because of exhaustion because it's not. no no no because that's the [ __ ] women are gatherers and they take a bunch of [ __ ] and they [ __ ] gather and they got to. go out and get the stuff and well the guys are the hunters. but the women gathered all together. and before you know. it they're like oh man. this is too much. i divorce you and it's not. even the dude a lot. of women do it yes next topic. dear lord please help me get through this. in peace without strangling my husband. my sweet husband who i still. love amen dear lord. please let me get through. this in in pieces. well here here's where i think you're f. but see but okay and i want to. hear this trust me. i really want to. hear this but i am so. done with this conversation and go ahead. and no no no no no i don't even. mean like moving on i mean. like keep going but like i think i am. done paying attention sure but i'm i'm but i'm i'm being which would be a reason. if you did that consistently. that women would leave it. talk to the micophone and go ahead. and what were you going. to say about the the flaws go ahead. i want to. hear it well i'm just saying. your flaw specifically is of course. over the years cuz you know you have a thing. with women some deep seening issues. surrounding women babe what um i mean. without getting like too nitty gritty. about it but you have had some misconceptions about women. that when i've of course heard them. heard you discuss them with me and in coup's therapy. me and the therapist are both. like this you like actually you have to. stop doing that meme face right. i just do it the whole. time that you actually believed that like when you said sushi. gave you stomach aes and i thought you were lying. because you didn't want sushi yeah. because that's something that you would do. ah you know what dude. that g me still be [ __ ] bro. listen all right look can we talk. about like pants or something sure okay actually you need new ones. no i don't need new pants. how dare you say. i need new pants when you know my pants. are ill as [ __ ] and they're new okay a lot of my pants are new okay i have uh baggier ones and i have tighter ones and i have short ones and i have [ __ ] crazy pants like [ __ ] shorts like shorts yeah right and then i have crazy cool kind of pants. and different patterns sure. so i want you to. actually take that back okay. i take it back. okay so but it's so the other thing. is uh you you love. decorating you actually you should talk about your uh cozy. robe uh youtube. channel cuz you cuz you decorate. for christmas you got makeup tutorial and you done. a bunch of other [ __ ] yep and you're releasing videos. so anyway subscribe to. her [ __ ] what is it uh cozy. robe media cozy. rob media cute dude. yeah yo you really do be decorating and people really do like you're decorating man. i kept telling you. to do this [ __ ] yeah well i it's just a lot of effort. and i and i don't you know. what it is i put all the effort. into the decorating and into. the thing into. the parties into. the whatever i'm doing for my kids. and the idea of then filming it. and putting it online. is like it's a process well that's just something. i don't enjoy doing so i'm trying. to find a way. to enjoy it like i only enjoy doing the thing. like i enjoy doing the activity. with cal but then like totally get it. filming it and editing it it's like i don't want. to you know what i'm say. when i shoot my special. mhm i'm done after that. you have to. edit it you have. to do all the [ __ ] i don't want to. they send me the link. they say hey can you look at this. and i go yeah and i don't look at it. i go to the director who was matt. you know and i say oh uh sam too directed. it but i say is it. good and they go yeah. dude at the last minute. i was like i i have to. watch this i have to. i watched it and i realized that. they used a part in a in this. in the second show and i was like oh it was way. better than the first show. and i was like you guys. can we move it. and they moved it and it was so much. better i almost let it go i don't want. to do the after [ __ ] so bad because it's about the time that you have in the room. and the process of creating what. you're creating but dude that when i have to. make a special i i don't i don't i don't care. i i feel like like chris rock. did it live i feel. like that's cool like the problem. is you'd be so good at that. the problem is it suffers though. like it definitely suffers that. way like cuz chris rock recut it. and made it the way. he wanted to make it. after it was live mhm. and and like if i didn't do what i did. it would have su suffered yeah but i i just i i i i don't want to. do stuff i don't want to. do so bad yeah that's the that's dude. so bad mhm sader well. what the [ __ ] though i know like dude i don't i don't want to. do stuff that i don't want. to do so bad that i won't. do it for so long. it'll cost me money it'll cost. me problems stress and i just won't do it. dude yeah up with that. well you're a therapist not yet. but no remember when i asked you. um cuz when i was doing this. i filmed a makeup tutorial today yeah. and i asked people on my instagram. it's christen taylor ca k. s t i n and i asked. people to ask questions. that were therapy related it. could be about them. could be about questions. of my life stuff like that. but that's unlike you but anyway it's all i think about as human. behavior but i know um i asked you. one of the questions. that i kept get getting. that was repeated which was how do i get my husband. to either go to. couple's therapy or to. just do regular therapy on his own. and you are the king of like not wanting to. do stuff that you don't. want to do so i was like as someone. who's now quote unquote therapized you. see the benefits of it. even though you went in kicking and screaming. right what was the thing. that you said to. me oh well i said two things. i said one there's only two options. you can only say hey uh i i want you to. do therapy if you if you don't do therapy. i can't be with you a boundary. a boundary yeah or you. can try to. be like yeah well i mean oh no. it's the quote from rehab. that you said that resonated. with me oh oh i didn't know. you talk about that um doing something that you keep doing. even though you want to. do it could make your life. worse you you have to. stop and be like wait this. thing that i keep doing is. only making my life worse. even though i want to. do it like you know. people do heroin they love. doing it they want to. do it but it's only making their life worse. yeah you if you don't do that. and do the things you don't want. to do then it will eventually. make your life better like not doing. heroin and doing meetings and doing you know. recovery work if you do that. [ __ ] even though you don't want to. it makes your life better. and once you realize and you're out. of that [ __ ] spinning chaos. yeah you know that's what you should. lead with now i still you know don't want to. do stuff and i struggle. with it but dude. i was there was there's the difference between the thinking brain. and the uh emotional and and the wait. the thinking brain and the uh reptilian no no no no the thinking brain. and the um uh rea what the [ __ ] was it the thinking brain and the it was it was it was about um what was that book i was telling you about not giving a [ __ ] oh yeah um every everything is [ __ ] book thinking brain chris did a meeting the other day and he heard about a book they mark manson he's great but and he was talking about how much it meant to. me and it was so cute. i was talking about how much it. meant to me well just like the quotes. that you're reading for the book. how it was like inspiring. and it was so cute. hearing you talk about it. and the what brain emotional. brain i hate this that i don't know dude. oh wait here hold. on um let just cut that no. we don't have to. cut it i mean we're looking it. up you can talk oh wait. the the the emotions are my notes are it's hot. as hell it's so hot. in here but that's how it is though. should have brought some feeling. brain the thinking bread and the brain. and the feeling brain. that's what it is and it. was saying that um you want to. think you think the thinking brain. you you think the feeling. brain is you think the thinking brain. is in control but it's not. in control because you think you're thinking it. and you're like oh but you still do. the things that you feel. you want to. do totally so it's like you we have this. fallacy of you think that your thinking. brain is in charge but it's not and you just have to. realize that it's a balance. between the two of them. and when one is turned on and when one is turned off. and whatever anyway that so it. was it was interesting. but um and i'm not good at retelling. stuff but on my feet yes you are i am oh my gosh. you're the best well. i'm good at retelling stuff. for a comedy sake yeah but not not for. like if i no you really are i cuz i think deep down. i'm i'm i'm dumb know. and so i don't i i i i get like insecure. and i i start being like oh this. is make a joke. of it that was like one. of the biggest um like mind. blown deeper mind. blown moments when you when i found out. that you like deep down. thought you were dumb. well i think i'm really smart. when it comes to. certain things i know. but not that's not how smart. things that's it's not how it works. yeah okay sure i guess what you're saying. you're smart you're smart. is that why you don't want. to do things you don't want. to apply yourself because then it would like not i mean. maybe in some instances yes but but but right because well i was think i was thinking about this. today like the the thinking brain. on that i overthink and a lot. of my therapy in the last couple. years has been understanding how i react. after some kind of crisis. like i don't i immediately go. into thinking planning managing. how can we fix x y. and z thinking that i have some sort of control. over what's going to. happen and wanting so bad for the worst. thing not to happen. and trying my very best but really what i should be focusing all the energy. on because there's very little that. you can actually do is bettering. myself and getting to. a better soens matter. good orad i'm in integrity and i can. trust myself and i know how to. move forward and that's energy. much better spent foreign. oh i was trying to. think of the right way to. word it but oh that's energy. much better rather than like trying. to manipulate my environment and fix people and change people. and change things and like that's so first of all it. doesn't work usually you can't. change anyone and very rarely. can you change your environment. if something is happening. but you can change yourself. yeah i guess so you're talking about. uh like the trans issues. no yeah you can change yourself. into a female or a male i think that was what they're trying. to say except for people on fox. news don't say that. sure sure sure uh yeah so anyway i'm i'm a i'm a i'm a male i'm a redblooded american. male you know hell yeah. you know what i'm saying hell. yeah i'm a red blooded. american male i'm from the south you are is my accent. good uh it's not the southern. than i'm used to. but yeah but when you get down south when you get real. down south boy you run. into my kind no you do like your ass. too sharp it's like very loose. what it's like what the [ __ ] did you just say to. me hey sweetheart. how are you it's not like hey sweetheart. how are you hurt. hey sweetheart no like hey. sweetheart hey sweetheart. hey sweetheart hey sweetheart. yeah how are you what. the [ __ ] did you just say to. me sweetheart hey chivalry may. not be dead but you're about to. be if you talk to. me again like that oh is that good was that sexy. that sexy but but but i was threatening. you so that's not sexy. right what is it though. you know what i mean. why do women like a guy. that's like like i was watching that. sw squid games challenge and i'm like the dude. in it that's the dick. the 432 number 432 that dude. that was just but like that's the guy. you'd [ __ ] here's the thing there we go she's got the thing locked and loaded. i want to. know well cuz that's a guy you'd [ __ ] no okay but this is going back. to like the flawed thinking because your your aim for years. and years and years and years and years was to. be the guy that girls. [ __ ] right yeah but that's what you you look for that. in a guy as being like the holy. for like what a woman would want. but it's just because she's initially attracted to. that like dominant energy. doesn't mean that she actually wants. to like be with them. or even that she even likes them. like i can think of guys. in my past were just like douchebags but like they were hot. and like you know whatever. dude you never had sex. with anyone until i came along because i'm the man. but you don't walk away. from those experiences being like oh that. was like he was so sweet. and lovely like the guy that i remember from my past. is not a guy that i like really hooked up. with it was a guy. that took me out of my first date. his name was dave he's an angel he's married. now with a baby. dork no and he walked me. to he walked up to. my door brought me flowers on our first date. took me to. dinner was so kind and that's like the thing. that actually you you want. but why didn't and you hooked up. with them years and years and years later. man that flower game. it takes a long time. huh i know i brought you flowers. hh and then and then so you did late. years later though yeah nice well. not not even really i think. we just kissed i can't. remember oh even remember dude. yeah see that's how not memorable. he was dude i bet you. remember the dude. that was bab i'm telling you. about the most memorable thing. yo what up ma. wow you have that what's that. thing where the bias. confirmation bias confirmation i have genius um what uh i have confirmation. bias m yeah dude. i'm all in with that. confirmation bias well we all are really yeah but me okay dude i'm just saying man you know it's like a man for years it's just been like man i'mma wet it up you know what's that mean well like i'm going to. make people really attracted to. e yeah isn't that cool no you're dad now i'm not trying. to make people attracted now. yeah but it's just like i am. what i am man. sure i'm a little fat so you think i have body dysmorphia. it's either or the most black. and white guy of all. time just no room i am 43. i want i want to. be more fit but you keep making pasta. so what's up dude. oh god what's up in the mic. what's up honey you're not fat. okay i'm not fat the only alarming. thing is as someone. who has been with you. for a very long time. when you get obsessed with things things. can go arai dude and you in the gym. it's like i love the gym. an absolute love story which is great. for like you're working out. you're feeling better about yourself. your mental health's great it. it's giving you endorphins all these great. things but it's more the amount of time. that i see focused. on it like you're on the couch. watch scrolling like buff guys like looking to. see you're putting it on youtube. like whatever cow's watching you. like switch it out so you can watch this. guy do curls mom workouts. yeah it's like a very you are. like so go hard i get i go 100. miles an hour or z. miles hour i have i i i i do dude. kind like that too maybe. that's why we get yeah. yeah yeah but i do stuff. at the gym that people come. up to me and they go. like what are you doing. and i say you don't know. nothing about this bro. do you feel pride in that. i'm mostly want people to. leave me alone at the gym. so no people call up. to be all the time. at the gym no they say. they're fans and that's nice or they say. are you using that and that's fine. cuz it's a quick one no not. using that go ahead bro. or nah i actually am using. that but you want to. jump in always you want to. jump in cuz when i go to. the gym and i see. somebody using an equipment. and i say hey man. how many more you got left. than that and they go i just started and they don't ask. if i want to. jump in oh your boy. gets [ __ ] hot your boy gets hot. let me what's up you got. the leg extensions going on i don't see another leg. extension thing here so let me. jump in with you bro you're just going. to sit on there in your brakes i get real. passionate about [ __ ] man and you know what happens. when i go to. the gym with you two. things one you want me. to work out with you but i get i get intimidated over. and the guy things it's just like i know. but like there's i can't exp. i i know you know. what it is it's i'll never understand. it's just being a woman is it. because like you're just constantly on. alert i feel like i'm like having to. like watch my back and look everywhere. and there's like just guys like buff. and whatever yeah you have to. worry about getting kidnapped. and [ __ ] yeah isn't that weird. though like i've never been kidnapped. if you're walking up a staircase. and there's a [ __ ] dude walking down a staircase. you go this is it. this is where i get taken. i don't go like that yeah. i go like this this is where i take this. man do you know. what i'm going to. take this man you know. i wonder if this is an that's the guy. we have in our bedroom who the guy. i took from the lowe's. stairwell lowe's yeah was it lowe's. when i got the generator anyway you would never get a low. i i got the generator at lowe's. so jokes on you i made you go. though okay well and i didn't want to. and i didn't want to. so bad right but i wonder if this is the thing. with all women or just with me. but whenever i'm in a situation. where i clock a guy. that either is looking too. long or i just get a weird. feeling about i know all girls. experience that but i always say some version. of the same thing to. myself and i'm like i hope this. [ __ ] tries me right now i hope to. god the blackid like what you [ __ ] put bells here. that's [ __ ] up you know that meme. though no can we can we put that in slow. motion with like a a thing behind it but but but what the [ __ ] is the thing. you put bells behind my head. the way you walk just an idiot well. dude i mean i didn't even know this was here. it's fine it's wi but you put [ __ ] big bells behind my head you tried. to uh booby trap me. oh babe now this see this. is the thing where it's like. me by element just relax just relax. it's all what does it. even say joy love peace. believe christmas ho ho ho. that's okay but what were we talking. about though no dude. oh i hope people try me. why cuz he'll just take you. no it's it's i you'd have to. pee all over yourself no. i don't actually want that. it's that i'm hyping i hope this. [ __ ] takes me i'll live with this. [ __ ] i'm going to. decorate his house so hard. oh dude i wish this [ __ ] would take me his house needs help. i have so many different. game plans of what i would say. and do you you go. take off the thing be like you need a fus. over there plug in some lights. over there trust me. trust me this place will. benefit from lance it has too much. overhead [music] lighting oh we have. to kill her. we didn't even want to. but she's just trying to. decorate the place too much. no they would like it oh so anyway. what were you saying about the you i wish they would why. i wish they would oh i think it's like my way. of like hyping up like if i have to. actually be in that. situation you should there also something. if i'm with cal like and that. happens this feeling that comes. over me like if someone were to. even come yeah 3 in away. from me i feel like i could superh human. like bo that's not a. real thing i know but i think that in my in my head. my point is piss yourself if something happens because nobody wants to. take somebody all pissy piss the honest. god and [ __ ] if you can that's the least of their worries and some guys are into. that okay what if it's the not the least. of their worri the killer and then i just absolutely screwed myself. jizzes and he goes oh. never mind you know. i'll get someone else dude. i want to. go back to you're saying that's the least of their worries that's never the least of anyone's worries. if you [ __ ] your pants and then the guy has to. deal with that you said. [ __ ] your pants i said piss and [ __ ] well unlike you i can't go potty on command out of my bum. and who's going to. live a long healthy. life without getting taken. because i can [ __ ] immediately if some dude tries to. take me as they chlor form. me i go just [ __ ] and they i wake up in the stairwell just like i knew that would work just stink so bad my own [ __ ] wakes me up i can [ __ ] whenever i want i can do it right now have we talked about this on the podcast i don't think yeah yeah we've talked about on the podcast yeah have we i i no i we can poop on demand no you have talked about it on instagram i think but not the podcast but i can instagram whatever it was you posted a story about it or something like that you people know about it just the little turd on the toilet no that's disgusting. people know about it i can do that. whenever i want i think i've talked about on my on. theast without you yeah. okay well let's just revisit the story okay. okay cuz it's a quick one. you said that you could go. potty out of your bum. on demand i don't even like saying. poop it's gross. i don't i don't like that. you know what i like worse. than poop poo yeah it's like finish the word. that's disrespectful okay i'll just say potty. out of your bum. and you said that. you could go potty. out of your bum. on demand and i said there's no way. cuz that's not a thing. that people can do and you said yes. i can and i said then do it. right now and you said are you serious. i said said yeah and you went. in there and i heard like and then 4. minutes later there was just a little little baby. turd i evacuated a little bit of it. yeah it was i was shocked and in awe. i'm about my business. man yeah that's good. though i go i go. like five sometime i go. five times a day. sometimes i mean i have gone. more than that you know. no diarrhea not even diarrhea. not even because i have a problem like i'm eating. clean and i still just my [ __ ] is a well oil machine. okay so what were we going. to say to. say the other thing that i'm embarrassed. about when i go to. the gym when i go. with you okay our gym. is fairly large yeah don't say which gym. though of course yeah and i can hear this. man no matter where i am if i am on. the treadmill if i am on. the stair stepper if i'm doing. curls whatever i'm doing i hear this. man and he is so loud. making the loudest noises like i don't. give a [ __ ] it's like like that that it's so embarrassing it's do am i really that loud dude h i don't give a [ __ ] am i babe for real though i try to. make it less in my head. to get the embarrassment to. be less am i really really loud. for real you're the loudest. by far i don't give a [ __ ] you sure that was me though. yeah oh doesn't matter i don't give a [ __ ] but i'll tell you what why. do you do that because it's so i'll tell you why. there's one reason it's not easier it. doesn't make you stronger it is so nice. that's why it feels. so nice remember when you would do the rubbing. and i would go and you' be like don't do that. it makes cuz you thought i was doing it. to make you know that. i like it so you would keep doing. it sweetie the joke's on you. yeah it feels nicer to. be expelling things like when you're doing this. i i'm into it. i like it feels better. for me it literally feels better. for me dude yeah it. feels worse for me. though yeah but you're pleasing. me in that moment so i should do everything. i need to honey we're pleasing. each other no and you're touching me like this. and doing like that kind of stuff. yeah that's for that's for me. and i go even just doing that. right now it makes me. want to stop hold on that. feels nice so when i work out. and i'm putting the weight. down and i go or whatever. it is that shit's nice that. shit's nice yeah i respect you. well i don't but you only respect. me because i don't give a [ __ ] about it no i respect you because i respect you because you're my husband and i'm trying to. learn how to let you just be you as long as it's not hurting. our family [ __ ] i'm me you know what i mean and and when i do that i go and i put the weights down other guys do it too dude. but and i don't even care. if they do or not i try. not to drop the weights. you know but anyway dude. i go [ __ ] hard man dude remember when we were lifting. weights and already you had. like a little area. that was like 4x4 and it was already. just like had like two dirty. towels a dumped over water. bottle all the way and i was like cleaning. up i was like some baseball. cards and old hat yeah. d i you're a tornado i that's my area. dude i go i don't dude. that's my area and you know. what it you know what it. doesn't need decorating that's what it. doesn't need it's my area. for me i got some [ __ ] weight. on there it's just being uh courteous what being courteous. by like picking up your dumped over i do. pick up everything afterwards. i don't leave weights around. every now and then i leave weight. around but i figure if it's a lightweight i'm like ah somebody might want it. there yeah they might come up. be like this is exactly. where i wanted it yeah. 15 lbs [ __ ] it but dude. i'm not really using 15. pbs much yeah but yeah. yeah yeah yeah that's something. i need to work on. i need to work on. letting you do whatever i want whenever i want. want to i agree. i need to work on. letting you be you and it's not hurting anybody anyone's heart. what is that hurting yeah anybody's heart. i need to work on. like if you're going to. be the loudest man. in the gym yeah it's okay. well has no bearing on me. you know who's so good at that. my friend jillian and i always respect. her oh she's mentioning another friend. all right so go what up. with jan we love is so good. at letting people be exactly who they are. that is true she is. very good at that. good at that and i would love. to take a little of that. and learn more of it. you're pretty good at that. i know no i'm pretty good but i want. to be better you're such a specific. man that this comes up. a lot i am specific huh. well [ __ ] god damn it. you know i don't know but boy do i love. you oh that's sweet i do. that's really really uh sweet do i feeling. i deserve to be l. do i feel like i'm not enough. most of the time and when somebody says they love. me i feel weird and i want to. make a joke about it. uh remember what i was talking. about that made me think of the what. was i talking wer we just talking about some [ __ ] where lifting weights being no no no where somebody was um wen't we just talking about when somebody older it's all how you look at life and then there's negative people that just are negative in their older age. and then there's people who are just positive. in their older age weren't we just talking about. that squid game that sweet. old lady yes dude yes yes yeah wow we figured it out i did. not think we were going. to figure that out but the squid. squid game challenge the old lady. in the squid game challenge. we should clarify like the new. it's the new squid. game challenge what it's called. yeah the squid game is called. squid game um but yes the new one. squid game challenge yeah it's the woman. who is the older lady. and she's just like dealing with people. and like it's just age. can bring that to. you yeah but it doesn't always totally sometimes life. attacks you and you get this. victim mentality and you're like [ __ ] these [ __ ] and i be like that's where i'm headed. i'm trying to be a little bit. of a more even keeled larry. david you know what i'm saying. and it's just i'm just headed. straight towards larry davidsville and i want. to be a little more. forgiving a little more. uh openminded and openhearted and i'm just not honestly. babe if you think about where you were three and a half. years ago to. where you are now i would say that's an exponential. up it's a spiral staircase. true yeah true you're doing so much. better i am doing better. we're living and learning. baby that's all life. is living and learning. yeah it's not about the destination. it's about the journey dude. i hope i end up with somewhere. really cool though even though. it's not about the destination. you know where i can't. wait to go and end. up and i want to. stop this conversation right now. because i think i know what you're going. to say and the answer. is i'll see you when you get back. no what do you think i. don't even want to. say it cuz if it's if it's what i don't think and i say the thing. then you're going to. want to talk about that. too and i don't even. want to bring that up. well too wait baby. i already know what you're talking. about the missou game no. i know what you're talking. about no that's not what i was. going to say oh. really i was going. to say [ __ ] we're talking about living and learning and anything this is levels. dude it's like we're in the van. falling down in the [ __ ] except inception yeah but you know what i'm excited i don't want to. go to that bowl game. but anyway go ahead. we're going to go. n i'll see we get back. the zoo dude we have kids. babe i i have gone on trips. with our kids by myself. yeah you have when you're on the road. i went to. san diego right driving anyway. go anyway go ahead go ahead. i every decade or so. if anybody listening to. this is from missouri. knows missou every you know. everybody from missouri because every time. i bring up somebody you're like that. person went to. missou if they did well. they all go to. missou john ham i know. about these [ __ ] the sexies dude the sexies brad pit has a um a composite like a little freshman. picture and it's in a you know the big picture. with all of his freshman. class and it always gets stolen every year. by people they and john ham. has a big [ __ ] right you see the the pictures. of him when his big dick. flopping around yeah you've seen. it right oh yeah because you and you know why. you've seen it because you went. to missou that's why you've seen. it no i've seen it because everyone's seen. it i feel like you know. about it because you went to. missou and he went to. mizou and he came up in your timeline. because of mizou stuff and you were like oh that. guy's got a big dick. in his khakis i actually you know. what i'm gonna i'm gonna spoil something. dude i don't think that you can. tell if a guy has a big dick. in pants or not unless it's abnormally. large obviously you can tell if it's a huge third. leg but like the stuff i saw with john. ham i'm like it could still. be a not that big. dick is that the guy. in you that just wants him. to have no absolutely not. no dude no it's not no. you know me i don't give a [ __ ] i want dudes. to have big dicks right. up their ass no i'm kidding. but but but but i want dudes to. have their dicks have your big. dick i need it too but i'm just saying there's a thing that sometimes a dick. looks big because it's actually small and it's not doing. the hangover thing right. it's not getting to. the point where it's too. long where gravity's taking it. over a notch and it's just poking out so it makes this. tent like pop thing. and it makes it look like it's a big. dick but really it. just ends right there exposing himself. for having a tiny penis. sweetheart i got an elephant. trunk but what what i'm saying. is no you know i do fine. but like i i i am saying. that that does that that does. happen and i'm not saying that. that's what john ham. john h probably has a big. dick he walks around. like he's got it like that. you know but there are misconceptions with that. that is great to. know thank you so much. for enlightening me on that. you're very welcome we talk about the heart. eating issues now what was the thing. that you were going to. bring up um not the not the bowl. game yeah i was going to. say that i am very excited for nursing home when i'm a an el elder. when i'm a for being in a nursing home yeah. i'm stoked i'm going who even. thinks you know what this. is you know what this. is we just found out you're artistic. that's like remember in the what what. was the love on the spectrum. when he was going. to get when he was going. to go out on the date. with the first girl he's like like so what's they going. be like like i don't know i had this. i had this me this. vision of you know. what she would say at my funeral. when i died when i was older and it's like oh my god that's what you're doing. yeah i mean i definitely have the thing. where i i definitely have the thing. where i don't um know. what i say if it's good. or bad i just say all. the things so hold on. you're excited to. be in a nursing home yeah just go now. no i i'll visit you and i'll be there i think it's because i' i'm i don't mean. i don't want i don't mean. i want you away. from me i just mean. like go babe what i mean. is let move to. florida i think i've always been so terrified. of death terrified like i used to. have um dreams when i was a kid. i mean everyone's scared. of death when they say they're not. it's it's lies no but mine. was like unusual where i would talk. about it often and my mom. was like a little alarmed. right just the idea of like dying. and not existing is like so terrifying. and just aging too i. was scared of old people me too really. oh yeah scared of like 90yearold like ladies. like they dying yeah. i know it's scary. oh that's funny i didn't know. that was like a typical thing i don't know. if it's typical but well there you go. match man hell oh wow. um but anyways i think over the years. i've like tried to. think about what that time. would be like in my life. to try and make it better. and i've come up with a plan. and now the plan sounds. really fun i'm going. to go to a nursing home you're 10. years older than me. you're probably going to. croak before i go just i'm 43. yeah i'm more i'm 12. years older than you 11. 11 okay uh or 10 yeah whatever it changes i know we're on birthdays in the same day um but what were you saying but you're going to. die before me so i'm going. to be alone which is going. to be really sad. but i'm going to. go to a nursing unless you keep [ __ ] daring. dudes to take you in a stairwell. then you'll die first that's true. okay okay so go ahead. but if the more likely thing. will happen i'm going. to go to a nursing home one. of those like really the more likely. things is going to. happen is i'm going to. get hit by a bus when i'm walking. across the street texting i know. that is true don't make it. real babe you got to. be better at that but let me. finish all i'm going to. go to a nursing home a nice. one i'm going to. work really hard once i get my degree. and whatever i end up doing. i'm going to work. really hard and make a fund for my retirement. and it's so i can go to. a nice nursing home with a golf. cart have little condos and i'm going. to make all of my friends. go there too and then we're going to. play bingo together i already love it we're gonna play uh cards together i already love that we're gonna play puzzles together i already love that you don't have to. say already love that you but i'm was just saying even in my youth. i like that so like okay. got it that's going. to and it's going. to be a lovely. way to go i'll have no. idea where i am i'll just know. that i'm around people that i love. and it's going to. be great i'm not going. to make my kids take care. of me because i don't want that. oh dude i don't want to. be a burden [ __ ] what i'm going. to like when i i i i i'll do that. that too but i need like i need like well i guess. i'll be dead already is what you're saying. no maybe not i would i mean. i would love if you you know. what i would love if you stayed alive. um i don't know if you do croak. but i'd love if you stayed alive if you can make it that'd be great. come to florida. with me with my friends. um wouldn't it be fun. to have a golf. cart and i could decorate. it we could just do. that now though p it up. well i don't i i'm just saying that. that situation will be tough because your life. is behind you mostly and so i'm trying. to make the most of that. oh i get it i'm not saying. that i'm like thrilled to. do that right now but yeah it. doesn't seem so bad when i put it that way. yeah i'm sure it's fun. yeah it it'll be fun. i'll do it but you'll be too young. you'll be too young. cuz i'll be like 80. and you'll be like 69. and i'll be like babe i got to. go to the retirement home. you could just chill. for a bit i'll me. you meet me there. when you get there you know and then i know that's sad. we we don't know what's gonna. happen right right i'll get bus texting but whatever it is we're working on. ourselves we're growing or dying. and it'll be okay. okay but don't die. don't don't be texting while you're driving. you no i the joke. was i was walking across the street. texting not being okay. it's funnier that way and that's okay. don't be texting okay. right i understand now we're not going. to that bowl game what wife has to. fight her husband this is an argument that. i don't even it's not even. a thing to. have to go to. a bowl game this is just something that is just that i went i went to. college here my mom went. to college there both of my grandparents went. to college there my grandma. was on the homecoming court missou court. isn't that cute that is cute. yeah little pict i'll give you that. that is cute in the' 40s. yearbook and it's really. ominous cuz it was like rest in peace to. all these people that had gone. off to wor and died. oh [ __ ] jesus it's not that cute. i mean it's come more. aw remind me um christmas. i'll show it to. you i think it's at lynn's house. ly remind you christmas. to show you something ominous okay go ahead. i love om i love. it i love an ominous vibe during the holidays. but i want to. go to this bow game i love competitive. sports because you were a competitive gymnast. yeah i mean you know. you were yeah well no i'm i thinking if that's really why i do like to. compete and i love the feel of winning. well that's because of being a you were like a top. gymnast yeah but i'm not like competitive f. with like things that i do. it's more like watching yeah but you were competitive. when you competed sure. yeah that's what that's from. yeah but i just mean like in my dayday life. i'm not like a competitive. person no you're not a competitive. person in daytoday life but when you do games. you are sure and i think some people would call me. a fair weather fan. cuz i grew up in north carolina. you are a fair weather. watched the carolina panthers and hurricanes yes. had season tickets it was great. you're a fair weather fan. went to missou whole. family went to missou so i like them. you also just want people who are winning. to be winning well. that's the thing and then why. do you do that i just want. to make sure it's loving. and not assault go ahead and then i moved to. la and like our kids are from here. we're you know but here's the thing. i don't have time to. be anything but a fair weather. fan yeah i get that i got a husband that. a child i got two babies i have a home. to husband that's a child. there's like if you're not doing great. this is why exactly and this. is why she's going to. divorce me for exhaustion later. on because i don't have time. i don't have time and then oh [ __ ] oh honey what. the [ __ ] i'm divorcing you why because of exhaustion why because because i watch too many. bowl games that's why i went to. michael's too much i. bet 40 people that are listening. to this are like he's exhausting. no i bet oh i bet. thousands of people are like we get get it. chris dude i these the people the listeners dude. they're the [ __ ] they're we are this. is a cult dude. and we're going to be. sitting in the tall grass and we are. going to be in a log cabin. and just sharing ideas and it's going. to be so dope. that's what i want when i'm older. so if i get to. the retirement community first i'll do that. it'll be a log cabin we'll be sharing. ideas i'll have a beard. it'll be crazy can i have a golf. cart yeah can i have little condos. right next to. all my friends and make them come. make them come like busting. make them come to. the law cabin yeah okay i'm there no busting can i decorate. the log cabin yes rustic like very log [ __ ] log cabin yes of course let's do it babe all right i'm done this is just off the rails. and i'm so tired and i'm so hot. anyway dude thank you very. much oh get my special grower die. chris dot com and also get tickets. man i'm going to. be everywhere yeah you know. know what i mean phoenix phoenix i can't wait to. get to phoenix and uh sorry. can i say something about your special. at the end okay. this special i've watched him. work it for the last couple. of years it's the best. coolest thing he's ever done. it's so [ __ ] funny and he talks about so much of the stuff. that we went through in an amazing. way and i'm so [ __ ] proud of you thanks. babe way to go. thank you it's the coolest. thing ever thank you i could watch it. every single day till i die. and i will you always bring death. into it oh yeah okay congrat thank you. i appreciate that a lot. of people have probably already seen. it but uh if you haven't check it out. uh and uh thank you. very much like and subscribe. to this youtube channel and hers too uh and i appreciate you. thank you guys [music]. bye [ __ ] [ __ ] me 