 [music] runk hey guys what's up. it is the new episode of congratulations. so welcome and sit tight buckle. up and here we [music]. goat absolutely here we go we're on it's on and popping man this is what my new thing is right here this guy twin early get a workout in and get after at work rise up in the community let's go people locked in make it happen davis cl riser mode davis. clark um uh on instagram my new favorite follow drinking my riser mode um but um yeah this guy is just absolutely locked in the most highly anticipated finance test that america's ever seen is coming up on friday if you thought that super bowl is intense. you'll know the level of lock in that. i'm going to be cuz it's a whole. new definition of a past. fail class everything's going on. the line everything's going on. the line wow locked in absolutely. locked in dude my favorite part. about this guy is every video he does. he also puts the what he's saying. in the caption and it's the whole thing. most highly anticipated finance test. that america has ever seen is on. friday if you thought the super bowl was intense. you did not know. the level of locked in that. i'll be that i'm going. to be whole different. meaning of a past fail. class everything will be on the line. here we go i became an overnight. sensation through years of hard. work but i'm going to. stay true to my values because even if i only had a thousand followers like i did last month i would still do the same exact things and get after it for the people dude. get after it for us. dude thank you that's so sweet. actually my gosh you know. this guy is destined for stardom. because first of all he's pc. principal pretty much he's 100% pc principal. from uh what do you call. it uh south park and second of all look at his jaw. dude this guy's great first lift. of 2024 making light weights. look heavy out here i mean. lightweight he's he's first of all. he's curling 40 lbs in in one. hand that's really heavy cuz i got to. get back in shape absolutely no. strength that's what it's all. about never too late to. make positive changes absolutely no. strength dude you know let's do one. more here this guy's my new. favorite guy when opportunity. knocks i answer it doesn't. matter what day of the week. it is or where i am i'm. going to full send that. thing let's have a friday. people dude that's the the video. oh 983 comments i'm doing. something wrong on instagram. this guy's absolutely locked in. i need to be locked in oh here's the here's the one. he looks like pc principal. someone has to solve. the traffic problem in boston this. is my favorite one. dude very good very good thing. to start with it's sunday. afternoon and i'm stuck here in bumper. to bumper traffic the amount. of hours that are wasted. every year absolutely ridiculous. and honestly it's number one. hitor growth in the city. someone's got to solve it. for the good of the people. let's go good luck good. luck just [ __ ] tossing his luck out there good luck guys hey we need to. fix this traffic problem good luck. anyway locked in you're not locked in. if you don't know give it a suggestion. bumper to bumper. traffic on a sunday. forget it that's cuz boston's most religious. city of all time dude. it's so bumper to. bumper on sunday because they're all. going to church. hey you going to church. hey come on let's go. get in the car let's go. to church come on let's worship. jesus christ right. they go and come on i need to. reach i need to. i need to uh worship. jesus christ godamn it um. yeah dude more more more traffic on sunday. on boston than there is in in on weekdays. because of the because because of jesus christ. um but this guy's locked in. dude so i suggest you guys get locked in um absolutely locked. in um and hit that riser. mode his bio is inspire. help others do the right. thing enjoy life every day. riser dude riser that's cool. man we're that's a great. thing man good job. he's rising um so yeah we love that. we love that we love the we love the positivity. here dude i mean look a lot. of people could make fun. of that mode riser mode. but you know it's it's it's uh we love the positiv positivity. this guy is the opposite. that's a challenge except i'll put my dog. away and i'll come back and you got one two three what is this. guy even doing he's he's he's interviewing that. he wants to. interview this guy and obviously he's a reporter. hey you crum wait hold. on i i i missed. the first part because i i have to. hit the the thing get away. from me you crumb. dude me at the bakery. that's a challenge except i'll put my dog. away and i'll come back and you got one two three and i'll do it alone. with you in that back. of that fence just said nothing. so far three of us four. of us me and you adding. show you what kind of just the three of us. four of us me and you 100. people there a man. you are you're less than a man. remember in like the 60s. that was the biggest insult. it was like after chicken. like chicken was like in the 50s or hey. you're yellow and they would say it. like that hey you're yellow. and now and then it was well. that's because you're chicken and then it was you're le you're you're less. of a you're nothing you're less. of a man okay you're a crumb. creep yeah crumb creep. dude now that should be that should reign supreme as the number. one hardcore disc of all. time dude like if a rapper said that in a freestyle in the cipher he just goes yeah cuz you're a crumb creep. that's it everyone just goes. oh and that's it it's over. you go home it's an awfully hot. coffee pot you're a crum. creep and i wouldn't take that. off of nobody there's three of you and i'm by. myself nothing only it's over only talking about how many people are [laughter]. around dude only talking about. you know how you get so mad. and you don't really know. what you're saying dude this. guy's only talking about how many people are around. oh really okay well how about this. you're here and there's other guys. over there and then i'm here and then take the three. of you and then the four of you there's four of you and then just me and you over. there in that back fence what just on. [ __ ] absolute lsd there'll. be nothing to. it win or lose okay. but you don't have the courage. you're a real crumb bum. oh dude try to. make merch he's he's trying. to make merch you know. get your crumb bum. stuff if you're less of a man. put that on camera you're a crumb. bum the three of yours. dude how come everything in this. era on tv was of was a a shade of tan. there there was never a color dude. it's like they made color. tv but not really it's just still kind of brown. and i challenging you're a that's so 60s. to challenge somebody you know dude. if somebody challenged me i'. go like this nah you know. oh but you the martial arts. community is still like that well he challenged he came into. my dojo and he challenged me. so i had to. fight him dude look i'm not uh a sensei but if i was nah come on in and challenge me i'm all. good dude hey yeah all right. i forfeit you win anyway. get everyone get k kachi you get out. let's work on horse. dances come on kata coward. you're yell sneak oh and if you. want to now what i say. [ __ ] trailed off so so nervous. let's forget all the rules. of this great country. we live in i will go. back to that war. with the three of yous. just me i mean dude. saying everybody around so much. dude may you're a crumb. creep coward get away. from me you crumb. well just [ __ ] man this guy went into. it um so this guy was i guess. a mayor and then some uh reporter. was asking him something and then and then he just straight. up called him a crumb. bum that's amazing it's actually. uh why don't why. don't why don't have more guys. like this to tell these liberal. news reporters what they really. are well he just did they're a crumb. bum dude oh man. wow how much did that. guy die of pancreatic cancer. um yeah because that's what happened. no doubt uh because look at him. everything on that thing was tan. absolutely crazy absolutely locked in. you know absolutely locked in. um i was at dude. i was at i was working out. today first of all and i was at i and i did you know. what dude i was like maybe i should do. um maybe i should do uh uh uh what do you call. it uh my chinups pullups. and all that i go. nah i go nah and instead guess what i did. legs dude legs and my shoulders. now that doesn't matter that's not what the story is about the story is. about i after that went to. a grocery store okay. aroan do you know about it. it's a really highend expensive. place in los angeles i think they have them. other places too but um it's crazy. like you get a piece of salmon for 58. bucks and um d i took a video of it. i'll send it to. you guys well we'll play it. we'll play a little of it. okay so first of all th man this is the most la. [ __ ] that has ever happened i think okay i'm at the aroan and if i'm at the aroan it's la already because because it's me dude. i i'm a comedian i you know. people know who i am so when they come to. me they go like hey i went to. la i was in aroan. and i saw chris deia. it so la already but guess what dude. i'm not the most la [ __ ] at aroan. okay ever ever there's always like jason. baitman there or like you know. um someone else that's like you're like who is that. oh yeah and so i'm so i'm at the aroan. and i look next to. me in line is who is it. star girl from uh the boys. that's her name right. starlight starlight from from the. boys she's there okay you know just shopping just like a normal person normal person stars are. just like us you know. what i'm talking about she's just in there. getting some turkey or whatever. it is she's with her. friends probably her assistant because she's walking her dog i have a feeling it's her dog. they go out in the ar. i i finish first i go. out to the aroan. uh patio i sit down i eat. my salmon and rice. dude he's la baby. he's eating salmon and rice. he's watching his figure plus. he just did leg day so it's like you know. so i'm out there eating a thing and i am. chilling okay and i'm relaxed. dude i'm like i did. my i did my workout i'm absolutely relaxed. i'm most locked in i'm dialed. in you know what i mean. i'm no crumb bum. not right now and um i'm sitting there and i see this. dude walk up and he is probably. it he's got to. be at least 20 and and 60 lbs of muscle. dude not fatness he's jacked okay he is jacked. he looks like ball rog. all right but he's white i don't know what bog. is i think he's black but he's white. and he walks in uh and he's walking. into the in the direction of the airan. and he's got an he's got the iphone. vision apple vision right. on and i'm like oh [ __ ] dude i've never seen the apple. vision pro before in. person right and guess what aroon was where i saw the cyber. truck for the first time so i saw the cybertruck and the apple vision. pro in the same for the first time. at the same time in aan. that is so la okay. and star girl's there so la. and chrystal is there so la all. right so the guy's walking. in like like he's in like by the way. people he's got people i've see you know. people online with the uh vision pro. and they they're walking around. like they're just sunglasses you know. like they're just walking through crosswalks and stuff. just you know or eating. together with each other and they both got him. on this guy walks. in he's got the apple. vision pro on okay. a black tank top. which is 100% the worst outfit. of all time if you're wearing a black tank. top it's the worst outfit. i can't even take every everything. usher has ever worn black tank. talk trump hat all right so so he was walking in and i he gets closer. to me and i go. oh [music] [ __ ] my mind's playing tricks. on me because it's not an apple. vision pro it's just ski goggles. so it's just ski oh i hit the wrong. thing how do i do it. how do i stop it how do i stop it. how do i stop it god. damn it what is it what is it. there we go dude. he's got ski goggles. on he's got ski goggles. on okay now why did i think it. was apple vision pro is it. because i'm old and i don't really know what the hip stuff. is that's coming out no. it's not dude because this guy has a cord going. from inside of his ski. goggles all the way. out around back into. his back pocket and it's taped up. on the ski goggles. okay it's taped he's he's pretending. at this point i i see the dude. he's pretending like he's got an apple. vision pro on fs. in the arrow on and starts. going like this right. in the right in the middle. of the walkway all right. so people are like uh all right. so now i get the sense. oh are there cameras around. i look around there's no cameras. around but then i look at his face. and he's crazy like i can't see his eyes. so he couldn't really tell you could tell his face. and body was a crazy. person but then i'm like it's it's wild. how crazy he is cuz he cuz i thought maybe he was homeless. but dude the dude. had a gym membership. so he's not homeless so he's in there. doing that thing and people are like what. is this guy doing is that some people think it's an apple vision. they don't know you know. but they look at i'm like i'm just sti his. taped on thing dude. so he start so he squares. up dude he squares up. to no one he squares. up like he's in street. fighter the video game all. right and he starts you know. fighting throwing punches to. nobody in the doorway of aroan. okay everybody starts watching and then he like hip throws no. one puts him on the ground. and starts pummeling pummeling the dude. that's not there and say that's what you get. that's what you get okay. and i'm like holy [ __ ] this is out of control. i look at star girl i'm like do something. starlight do something use your powers for. good he gets up and this was the best. dude he gets up finishes. his fight and loses i'm not joking. dude he got punched in the face. doubled over hard onto his. back i have the video i'll play it. doubled over fell back was. was out well i mean not out. but pretending he was out. in in the doorway of the arowana for seconds. just sitting there and then finally like comes to. he's like oh and walks away. so la to have this. crazy person who's by the way. maybe homeless but maybe not homeless people can. be jacked in la that's the thing. right and need a face. tattoo of bullets and also starlight was. there and crystalia at arrow. one was unbelievable dude. props to that guy you. know they say that it's got to. be it's got to. be so stressful living in that guy's head but man. to be that carefree about. something is so awesome. after that he left. and security showed up. and he and i was like bro. you're way late he's over there. and he got into. his car and left which is really. really alarming so somebody died. out there he had ski goggles. on you know i want to. know if he had the ski goggles. already or if he got the if he thought. he went to. the ski shop and got the apple provision pro because he's obviously crazy. um i don't know it. is what it is but it's uh this guy was absolutely. locked in i just can't. believe this uh i just can't believe this. uh what do you call. it where's the uh thing i wanted. to look at that thing. uh this is not it. sent the wrong one. i want to. look at the the larry david. thing and this isn't it when was it. this isn't it this dude. wrote a uh letter i i should say not just this. dude it it was a guy. from uh standby me the kid actor right. yeah here it is um will weaton and i guess. larry david was on sesame street a a promo thing. and he like pretended to. like beat up elmo right. am i wrong about this. okay like kind of you know. funny whatever will weaton writes this and it's not. a joke i thought it was a joke. at first obviously i thought it. was a joke because of what it. is but it's not a joke. this will weaton is an actor that uh apparently has lost his. mind i got to. fix this is this righty tidy. lefty lucy i don't know. how to do whatever. leave it so he writes this is what he writes on the on on his instagram. or no on facebook okay. so i heard about larry. david assaulting elmo on. live well he says life. television which means live television. but didn't watch it. until now because i knew it. would upset me all right. so let's just go over. this you can't assault. a puppet right because it's got no. agency a puppet it's just a it's just a thing it's like you can't assault a parking meter right because it's not some it's not person okay so here's the other thing he's going in with a bias saying i knew it was going to. upset me but i'm still i'm going. to go look at it. dude going openminded but he didn't he went in already guns. blazing he says after that holy [ __ ] it's even worse. than i thought what the [ __ ] is wrong. with that guy okay so i didn't see it. before i saw this so i'm like all. right he must have done. what did larry david. do but [ __ ] elmo you know what did he do a bocki with the cast of kerb your enthusiasm onto. elmo holy [ __ ] is elmo. is like the best friend. to multiple generations of children. now no it's not you know. who's the children's best friend. their best friend if a puppet. is your best friend. sad hey parents fault hey change uh elmo is a child. who is currently putting mental. health and caring for others. in the spotlight elmo is not a child you know how you know he's red if you ever have any doubt. if someone is a child or not you. need to know two things. are they two feet and are they red. and if they are two feet. that's one in the box. in your favor is it. might be a child if they're red it's elmo. okay um and then he says and larry [ __ ] david dot dot dot did dot dot dot that. and i and and thought it was going. to be dot dot dot funny. what what an [ __ ] what a stupid selfcenter toned deaf [ __ ] full disclosure all the time i was growing. up my dad would grab me. by the shoulders and shake. me while he screamed in my face. he choked me more than once. he was always out of control. always in a furious rage. and always terrifying okay. now that's [ __ ] sad. inexcusable horrible um then he says i'm a 50yearold man. i'm a 50yearold man. and my heart is pounding right now recalling how i felt when i was a little boy who loved grover the way. today's kids love. elmo now check this out dude. this is my whole problem. with quote unquote victims dude. hey get mad at your dad. not larry david he he assaulted. elmo elmo's not real elmo's red now this is a joke. everyone's like what the [ __ ] what a what. a lunatic however this is a version. of what everybody's doing this. is so silly dude. full disclosure he says you know. so this appalling unforgivable despicable. act hits more than one. raw nerve for me. and i'm going to. say that i wish i been able. to say this sort of thing. happened to me i'm going. to say what i wish. i' been able to say. when this sort thing happened to. me okay so cool so this is for you. buddy um larry david this. was not okay and your obviously insincere apology. clearly comm did he apologize for. it oh he must have he must have done. it on the thing first. of all you aren't even in the segment. but you just decideed to. barge an in focused man. steeper right here here look. at this i really want to. know what rised through his tiny. little mind and why there was no. voice or person who spoke up. from him expressing violence. towards a children's puppet who was there. to talk about his how his love and empathy. for people having a tough time. mattered and made no difference dude. it's it's so weird you know. because elmo is some guy putting his hand up his ass. you know elmo is a red thing. with a like some dude. named carl's hand up his ass. some some hairy dude you know anyway. it's the final season of kirby. enthusiasm so shout out to. that and that's what he was there. to promote i guess so people are i i just i guess i didn't know that with with um what do you call it. um i didn't know everybody. i didn't know there was so many crazy. people man remember you just be in class. when you were young. if you're i was born in 1980. remember you just be in class. when you you were young. and there were just people there. and there were like one or two crazy. people in the class you're like those. people going to grow. up and be [ __ ] weirdos and what happened. more people grew up to. be weirdos you didn't know. they were going to. be weirdos and a lot. of times weirdos became the [ __ ] high functioning. society you know like millionaires and you don't even. know you're like oh [ __ ] that was what they they need to. get absolutely locked into. a business to a business. mindset they need to. be absolutely dialed in you. know they wake up at 4:30. do the workout ab get locked in you. know every single day and now they're worth. millions like matthew mahom meister. was a weirdo when i was a kid. but now he grew up. he's absolutely locked in you. know the kid used to. lick his lips more. than ll cool j it was unbelievable. he had so much crusty. [ __ ] around his nose and chin. because he would lick his lips. more than [ __ ] l. k j was disgusting. but i just know right. now that that guy's worth. hundreds of millions of dollars. absolutely locked in okay or you. know he [ __ ] murdered a bunch of people it's one or the other but i'm saying people who murder people. serial killers absolutely could. have been successful doing. other stuff cuz i'm locked in dude. if you're locked into. something you're successful. and they're actually locked in of sewing. people's heads off and putting them in freezers. like you tell me jeffrey dmer. wasn't locked in dude. he's successful as [ __ ] it's bad. but he's locked in hill. was locked in dude. bad i don't agree with his you know. fundamental [ __ ] but he's also locked in dude. you can't you know melini. was successful locked in. right you think he didn't. wake up at 4:30. melini get out of here. yeah he woke up at 4:30. did bad [ __ ] but he's still locked in so anyway. um so anyway uh i didn't know you know when you didn't know in the ' 80s. you didn't know there was no. internet you know you just you would see a crazy. person you' drive by every now and then you go. oh man that person's got got it. bad huh that person just hopping around. right like outside of a paint store. they're just hopping around. you know what i'm talking. about in the town center. and then you and then you forget about. that person but guess what dude. that person's still out there. and now they have a [ __ ] reddit and twitter account. now they got an instagram right. and guess what what they did. they found other people who were hopping around. outside of paint stores they found those [ __ ] weirdos in the schools. they found those weirdos they grew up. with those weirdos and now those two three weirdos. in school they're online. later and if they don't shoot up to. school guess what they do they find each other. and they just be weird. and i didn't know that there. were that many crazy. people you know and look i'm sure. hollywood treated will wheaten dastardly dastard dastard dastardly. dastardly i'm sure they treated them. really badly you know. but my point is i don't know maybe you should have to. wait have a waiting grace. period to. get an instagram account. or something or facebook. account right but they don't anytime anyone. writes an open letter is pretty you know. it's like i don't know oh i did. my show in um i'm going. to put this up on my youtube. but i did a show in vancouver. i did two shows sold. out sold out at the vogue. the same place i did uh man. on fire shot man on fire. i love the theater and i love vancouver. and by the way vancouver. is crazy dude vancouver is so nice and beautiful. and then you turn the corner. and there are dead bodies. from heroin overdoses and you're and you're just like how did this happen. you take a wrong turn in vancouver. this is what you see. people like this uh fenel and um anyway uh so i'm uh i did the show. i did the first show went. bonkers dude did the second. show and in the f. in the beginning of the second show. this lady just stands up. i'm going to put i'll put on youtube. but she heckled me. so you can just go my my other. youtube channel my other youtube. channel and and check it out. check it out but um and she says hey chris. just in the middle of the show. and i was like yes and she was like the meet and greet. was sold out but i have $20. can i give it to. you can i take a selfie. right so okay we're off to. the races right now right. like it just immediately i mean. i'm that guy with the [ __ ] ski goles. apple vision pro just ready. you know i'm like zooming into. her information so i can find out. stuff to heckle her. with all right what we got here we go. here wikipedia we got here you know. just connecting and doing call backs trying. to do this [ __ ] so i i i i i you know i obliterate her i say you got to. be quiet and then she pipes in again. in the middle of the show. and dude this is in the video. but the [ __ ] i got to. tell you this in case. you don't see the video. i said all right. look you obviously want to. talk i'm going to. give you 10 seconds to. say whatever you want i put on my took my phone. hit the thing hit the timer and i say and go she starts. talking and she's not making much. sense and in like the fifth. or sixth second some dude. from the balcony just yells. show your tits dude. and that is 100% the most gangster. sexist [ __ ] i've ever heard in my [music]. life i didn't even know. people really said that. you know i thought that that was like like i thought that. went out with crumb. buum i thought that went out. with uh i thought that went out. with uh yo could you tell me. to be quiet. be a little more quiet. i thought that went out. with uh with with with with your sneak. yell your yell hey guys. could you be a little more quiet. obviously just obviously because i'm doing. a podcast right um but yeah dude. it was it was so wild. i don't i don't understand. these hack it's so crazy. these hecklers man so many people heckle and and and and then i'll post. online and people will be like that wasn't a heckle because it's not ne. dude the most of the heckles like no. not most all of them. not 90% 95 honestly more. than 95% of the heckles i get are are positive. heckling it's people saying that love you bro. or this or that it's still heckling. it's still bad you're interrupting. the show heckling is interrupting. the show and so i'll put it online. and people are just they're just bonkers. dumb dude they're like oh wow. how insecure the guy. was telling he loved them. dude you're ruining the show. that everyone else paid for anyway. file's done um what. we got here newly weds find. your perfect pair at sandal swap dot com. dude that is a hauler. go to my page if you want. to purchase a 10word add or shout out. holler. christalia i i just i really want. to know what's going to. happen with this apple vision. pro cuz i got to. get it isn't it like $4,000. crazy crazy i want it though. i want to. see what it's like can you just watch. porn on it you can you can watch porn. on it oh really vr. porn doesn't work why wouldn't it. because they don't want to. that's stupid what is this. 1960s dude that's terrible. my buddy's got one of the oculus ones. and you can do you could do. porn on it and you could do vr. porn um so i would get that one. but he said it's like absolutely. changes your life and i was like dude. i can't even start with that. [ __ ] imagine just imagine getting addicted to. vr porn just home all day why wouldn't you be hey dude that's the goal. right for for mo for most. like for your developmental years. that's the goal trying to. get tail okay so you're in your developmental. years and you learn. there's vr porn you go oh yo check this. out saara life hey check this out sayara. responsibility i guess i'll eat sometimes. i guess i'll sleep. if it catches me off guard. while i'm shaking it to. vr porn you know what i'm saying dude. because you're not stop dude. if i was whenever i started. getting pubes you know if vr was. out when i was getting pubes hey dude you wouldn't know who christalia was i'll tell you that much that would go. there would be my go. get it my go. get attitude would be hey go get the vr. vision pro that's all. i would be doing i would just be shaking it. to vr porn dude i'd be on the craziest [ __ ] at this point i'm 43. i'd be like honestly i'd be shaking it. to different stuff i'd be shaking it. to just like ikea commercials. you know because the the the thing keeps going you. keep going your kinks. keep changing you know i'd be shaking it. to 8005882300 empire are you. kidding me dude i'd be shaking it. to try my product dude. i'd be shaking it to. every [ __ ] infomercial there was act now would be if i heard that in real life i would just like i'm blank man. [ __ ] remember he would jizz. after he hugged a lady that would be me. if i heard act now tired if i ever. heard that just absolutely squirt. ville anyway dude like uh i i don't know about this vr. [ __ ] but like that that that that's that actually i think that's [ __ ] that that apple vision pro. doesn't have vr porn you just got to. watch it regular cuz now that's going. to change that's one. of those things that they should just be like yo it's it's going. to be different in five years. so why don't we just do. it now um oh it's valentine's day. dude for the patreon episodes. it's valentine's day um and uh and then if you're watching on youtube. it was valentine's day yesterday so i hope you had a good. one and i it's not yet. because it's monday right now. for me recording this but i went out. with my wife last night. and it was absolutely really. fun um so he had a good time. so that's great we went to. this place uh drake's hollywood. it was really it's really good. it's got the best chicken. it's got the best chicken. palm you ever had and i don't even like chicken. parm dude i don't like chicken. parmesan i don't like that i don't. like see people say chicken. parm either god that makes me i don't like that. but uh i i eat the chicken. parmesan there and forget. it dude forget it i eat it. and it's so i eat it. and i and i go i i'm not really a chicken. parmesan guy but i got to. [ __ ] eat the i tell you what you know and i didn't order. it so don't be like oh if you're you're not chicken. parmesan why did you order. it i didn't dude it. was someone else's and i tried. it and i go oh [ __ ] hold up i'm a chicken. parmesan guy i guess um but anyway dude. i don't really go to. hotspots but i did go to. that one um because my friend took me there. and we love it. by the way i'm going. to be in rochester. new york kitner ontario shareport louisiana houston texas. corpus christie texas durham north carolina. northfolk virginia grand rapids fort. wayne indiana sagen mich michig michigan so. drunk victoria bc augusta georgia and north charleston south. carolina chattanooga tennessy dude. i'm coming the crystalia tour. is coming and i'm coming up. with a tour name because i was doing. new material anyway go to. crystal dot com get those tickets. dude can't wait for this. never been to shareport um. but i am doing new i'm doing. new material it's not from grow or die. which you guys know that. cuz i said that. here before but dude. i'm going to actually give the tour. a name so here. we go it's not. going to be like this. just working new material thing. cuz it's going to. be solidified dude had a great. show dude had a great. show in phoenix and i go it's a little bit. solidified then i did another show. and i go yeah it's solidified. did it in el paso. did it in albuquerque. be like it's solidified then i did. it in um uh uh uh colona. and i go uh maybe it needs. work actually but because it was in an arena. and arenas are so big and echoey. and i stepped off stage i was like maybe. it needs a little bit. of work but they like yo you killed. i go really oh i'm not used. to arenas so it's solidified. then i did it twice. in um mon not montreal. vancouver and it's solidified but dude. why why do you even. listen to this podcast. honestly i i don't want you. to but you do and it's okay. is what it is the uh the the chiefs won. the super bowl and that's great. dude valent hold on. second valentine's day is such a don't tell my wife. i said this but such a you know. what don't tell my wife. i said this okay. how about that now. some of you are going to. dm her and tell her. i said this and that's [ __ ] up dude valentine's day is a sham dude i oh said yep pack up go valentine's day is a sham dude that's it there we go here we go pack up. here we go come on. guys it's a sham dude. pack it up they made this holiday so you'd spend money. pack it up dude. he's speaking too truthfully pack it up guys podcast. is over pack it up. staple it it it was made. to they got you dude. you're all you're all suckers. dude pack it up pack here staple. this up together here pack. it up guys did it. here pack it up. here stay clip his nails. here come on get it. clean them up here we go. pack it up here take a si. y all good dude. and you're all suckers and you all bought into. it cuz you're [ __ ] dude and i'm talking to. the men dude. just like tupac said men. could be [ __ ] too he said the nword but i say men because i'm not racist. okay it's getting harder than harder. 94 these men could be [ __ ] too but you know not men. he didn't say men he said you know. what he said but so i'm just like dude. you got suckered we had it. we had february clear we had it. clear yeah dude the blacks have it. uh for the month great. perfect fine i don't care that's great. give them the month that's fine. i don't care give them. the whole year it doesn't matter. i don't care give give them. a decade it doesn't matter. to me give anyone any month. or any day i don't care. pride all that month. you know people are like why. do they get a month. they get a month get a whole. month i don't want any white. anything just have everything this. way i could just be chilling. during your months i don't care. we had february chilled out. dude when was valentine's day. created when was valentine's day invented when was valent these hmark. holidays times come on day. created here we go 14th century. dude st valentine or whatever. the [ __ ] no look at the end. of the fifth cent pope. gasius i i i forbid this. celebration of lupercalia these [ __ ] names. back then you know thank god we got to. steve um and is sometimes attributed with replacing. it with st valentine's day but the true. origin of the holiday is vague at best. valentine's day did not come. to be celebrated as a day. of romance until about the 14th. century all right so dude. so whatever cuck did. it did it for his. woman and now we all got to. do it dude and so we're out. we're shelling we're shelling eight. times as much money for a [ __ ] chicken parmesan just because it's the 14th. of february cuz some [ __ ] named lalia or whatever the [ __ ] some pop cucking. it up dude go in hell it's all. good but some pop cucking. it up decided to. whine and dine his wife i know. it wasn't a pope. because popes don't you know. they don't they don't have wives. but like dude whoever it was decided to. whine and dine somebody and he made it. just cuck city dude. i'm going to call. valentine's day cuck city that's what it. is why did when did valentine's day. originate the 8th century this. is saying now the 8th. century okay so that was it. wasn't romantic until the 14th century. so here the 8th. century galaan or galaan sacrament. sacramentary sacramentary recorded the uh celebration of the feast. of st valentine remember when they we. would have feasts dude. you know now it's just lunch. back then did they even have lunch. or did they just have feasts. w we must feast together. if you take a few bites. that's not really a feast. right but you're at the feast. okay it's like a noun. that's fine and it's also an a verb you feasting um uh the day. became associated with romantic love in the 14th. and 15th centuries when notions of courtly. love flourished apparently by association. with the love birds of early. spring all right cool whatever cucking it up um well if it changed after a few centuries it'll change back let's change it dude valentine's day is now the day of splitting on your lonesome um but yeah so valentine's day they they did it they did it valentine's day dude you ever try to. get away with it like with your with your wife. or your your girlfriend or whatever. boyfriend whatever who you agre with and you're just like let's do it. want to do it. day before because you just know you're going. to save boatloads of [ __ ] skiller um anyway happy. valentine's day and if you're black you say valentine's day. um or calvin calvin says that. too what's this one. without the booze okay. so it's a mocktail. same thing but we're not going. to call it a mocktail. right we're going to call. it oh dude that is absolutely. gangster oh my god he shut him. this guy is the dmx of presenting. [ __ ] this is he shut this [ __ ] down are you kidding. me yeah okay so we're actually not going to. call it mocktail. right right cuz we agreed. on before the air before. air time dude this is on i this. is second six i'm already well. in i'm already on this. ride i'm i'm already upside down. in the roller coaster and i got a tank. up on and my tits are you know coming up. you know like those like you know. you you'll follow his sports. account on instagram and all of a sudden. they'll be like by the way. follow this account and it shows. roller coaster titties you know i'm i'm i'm i'm in and you're like well i didn't follow. this [ __ ] and you're like oh it's the sports. clip one so i so good thing. my wife wasn't looking over. my shoulder when i'm just scrolling through sports. stuff and then i got a [ __ ] roller coaster upside down and the the the woman's titties. are all bunched. up on the [ __ ] superman ride. but anyway that's where i am right. now dude my titties are. bunched up well into. this roller coaster cuz this guy just gets so heated dude oh oh i mean i i can't even believe how heated this guy got you know actually we're not gonna call him. mocktail but he pissed he pissed. during that like he absolutely let let the bladder go. because he couldn't control his. rage one without the booze. okay so it's a mocktail. same thing but we're not going. to call it a mocktail. right we're going to call. it a nonalcoholic he's a school. teacher dude we're gonna call it. a m dude vince vongh. dude this guy is unreal. this guy is unreal. oh this guy has a turtleneck on dude. that's it i'm done. pack it up got to. staple that pack it up. he's got to turnl on. guys so yeah so it's a mocktail. same thing but we're not going. to call it a mocktail. right we're going to call. it a nonalcoholic cocktail because it's really. not mocking anything. and this is no like this. this is just a me. thing right dude vince one. dude this guy is unre. juice drink juice drink just [ __ ] the guy juice drink just just absolutely being manhandled with no hands right. verbally manhandled just but that's not don't worry. that's not you think that's a me. thing right and the other other guy. is just ju juice. drink juice drink dude this is the best. clip we've had on congratulations. in years dude are you kidding. me without the booze i could sit here and watch this. over and over again dude. thank you to the clips. gods you know what i'm talking. about this is gangster dude. okay so it's a mocktail. same thing but we're not going. to call it a mocktail. right we're going to call. it a nonalcoholic cocktail jus [laughter]. drink because it's really not mocking. anything and this is no. like this this is just a me. thing right you didn't do. anything wrong but i don't i just that. term is like that's not what we say. okay okay d guy goes okay. sorry that's just me what. do you call this. i mean talk pointed. to him the next thing. he was going to. say is a piece of [ __ ] for doing that oh my god dude. oh a mock turtleneck got it. he's wearing a mock turtleneck what. do you call this. oh he killed it. he killed it what do. you call this what do you call. this a a juice drink shirt. one without the booze. okay so it's a mocktail. same thing but we're not going. to call it a mocktail. right we're going to call. it a coholic cocktail because it's really. not mocking anything. and this is no like this. this is just a me. thing right you didn't do. anything wrong but i don't i just that. term is like that's not what we say. okay okay sorry that's just me. what do you call. this slam them to. oblivion what do you call. this you [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] bro that guy here's the thing that about that guy in the tan. doing the manhandling verbally verbal manhandling you know. he talks about like how much therapy he does like he does. so much therapy and he's just awful. you know people who do therapy. all the time are are just awful. case in point i do therapy. all the time but it's unreal. might be in a relationship with we're not. going to do that. right dude if i talked to. kristen like that she'd be able. to like burn a hole. in my chest with her eyes. oh man that is just fantastic. i'm exhausted after that clip. what's this oh guy's trying. to ride a bicycle. on the lake no oh what a [ __ ] dude. what a [ __ ] dude he's trying to. ride across a [ __ ] waterfall and just look let it go bro. let it go let it go go. go drown go drown that's unreal. dude that's great oh my god that. funny i wish there was sound you know. he was like no oh hey oh god. that's unreal dude holy [ __ ] that's unreal. that is great the i keep wanting to. get to the super bowl. but i just like so much other great. [ __ ] is happening i wish the super bowl yada yada. you know what happened and [ __ ] and the chiefs want. right you know travis kelce. and all that stuff and travis. kel is cool whatever that's fine. and you know taylor swift. and that's great like she's cute. you know i don't want people to. say anything else other than that. i don't want them. to be like you know. look she's fine she's cute. she's good she's you can't say she's not. talented don't say she's mid just she's cute. she's good at singing she's probably. not that good at dancing. that's fine i don't care who. am i to judge you. know it's fine travis kelce is. good at getting you know. furthering the yards and getting the ball. into the [ __ ] end zone i guess you know i don't really know they pass it to. him sometimes but or they give it to. him but like and that's fine. dude and then momes and and yeah every time i think of patrick mahomes every single time. every time i read the name. the back of his jersey. every single time i think of that. old song by letter shaded brown. that goes m m my homeboy and i think that and then i think mahomes and that's fine. is that because of my ocd. yeah maybe but it's still what i do. and now probably some of you will. do it too because i mentioned it. my my home my my homeboy. i always think about that. every time i look at the back. of mahomes new jersey or if somebody says patrick mahomes. i think of that and that's fine. so the super bowl happened and don't say t smith. is uh wi mid and don't say. that you know what i mean. tr ky doesn't. push yardage and that's fine. but like my point is dude. what did taylor swift think. of travis kelce speech after the super bowl when he just sang viva las vegas and said you got a right to. party or whatever that one. is is that py. boys the two most frat guy. songs of all time. dude all right [ __ ] yeah dude let's go back to. my room i'll turn to. my black light we'll watch. fight club like just such a frat. guy dude such a fraking. frat guy do we have the what is that do we have that yeah do we have the uh travis kelce whoops travis it's crazy. how all of a sudden like travis. is such a famous name. travis kelce travis scott oh okay this is the tik tok one oh here it is okay here we go travis kelce delivers what is it here it is cool here we go here it is let's click out of the thing let's make sure it cheese kingdom cheese kingdom y hear this we've been fighting for all r all day how about a little via vegas oh via vegas oh slept like a baby vas oh boy just a will feral character. hey elvis never had it. better better than that right. there let me tell you you. guy guy guy has no idea. what he's saying that other guy. well elvis never had it better. than that right there i'll tell you just such an announcer dude. to win this one when we met a couple. of days ago you know. you said and i'm not looking ahead. but we got a lot. more we want to. do here baby you said. we want we want a threee how about that. well you know the goal's always been to. get three but we couldn't get here without getting. the two and having that target. on our back all. year and i love these guys right. here the men that we just won. this thing with family. forever baby i couldn't be more proud of you guys and how about it. we get a chance to. do it three times in a row. how do you get excited. for that baby you go. party in las vegas and get back. to it hey you still got to. fight for your right. don't you you got dude. i would be so mad at the not for bringing. that up i like that's my thing. i bring it up. at my discretion but just ate it. up you know what i mean. immediately ate it up party. vegas get back here we go eats it. up in 22 seconds right. here don't you you got it. up for your [applause] right. believe it baby i'll see. yall next year than you. travis that's cute i'm glad they found love. him and taylor swift it's only. downhill from there i guarantee. it there's no way. it's only downhill. something's going to happen. the next week or two that's going. to like shake their world. and it's just going to. suck and then everyone's going. to hate one of them. probably travis kelce and then it's over you know he's going to. cheat on her with a black girl. cuz we all know. that that's what who he really. likes he likes black women. you know that because he's only dated black women. and now he dates taylor swift and that's fine. look she's got some soul but not really. so it's like anyway you know. they uh they uh they're dating and that's great. i hope they have a kid. honestly i i hope it works. out for them in the long. run and i'll tell you why because i'll tell you why i want them. to work out i kind of need that. i need this okay i need this. i want her and him to. be together have kids never break up. and and i need that and i'll tell you why. dude because because i didn't know who travis kelce. was up until you know he started playing football. and taylor swift we've known. about her forever okay because she's been writing these songs. she's been through a lot of breakups. and she's been hurting real real bad. you can tell by any one of her. songs even shake it. off you know there's an undertone of well. yeah you know something. happened and you just shake. it off but what happened. but really i don't want to. talk about it let's just make this. banger shake it off but really what shake. what off i don't want to. talk about it you know. what i'm saying and they use it. in a target commercial. for some reason but it's like she finally found the person that she was writing these other songs. about not the heartbreak ones. but the longing lovingly ones. and here it is dude. they did it this. is the american queen and king king and queen together if they break up dude i'm pissed i hate when people break. up i want them. to stay together i hope. that travis kelce went home with her that night and put a baby in her i hope that you know and if they didn't that's fine but i hope they did i need this all right i believe in love we need to believe in love the world's gone [ __ ] travis kelce and taylor swift need to be together and have kids and that kid's going to grow up and i'll tell you who that kid's going to be jesus christ okay the real one like it's going to come out with a beard like i just i don't know but i but it's like the chiefs won and that's great and my wife was so happy because she you know likes the chiefs or whatever and her mom likes the chiefs and she was grew up somewhere near there or something you know even though it wasn't there it was near there so you got to pick a team that's close and so you pick the chiefs i guess you know it's like we growing up we had the mets right we didn't even [ __ ] talk about the yankees we didn't even talk about the jets it was the giants so it's like you know i was in new jersey bro so it's like you know jersey eating the chicken palm right but like um yeah so i was i was eating that [ __ ] and i was watching that [ __ ] and you know monk would say the mets stink on isis here he would always say that say that all the time dude i didn't really know what it meant till i got older cuz stuff doesn't really stink on ice and if it does it smells really bad right the [ __ ] there's so many conspiracy theories and here's something that biden did that was real gangster it probably wasn't even biden it probably was somebody in his camp he he's not tweeting but this is so gangster what biden did dude he goes and and you know i'm not a biden fan okay you know i'm not any president fan i haven't been fan of a president since truman and uh not say george washington and his wooden teeth have i been a i'm a fan of george washington because of his wooden teeth by the way anybody with wooden teeth is dope as [ __ ] although he probably smelled so bad and his breath um or maybe it was like cedar smells nice you know um if it was. cedar if he had cedar teeth. then oh wow really nice with a nice. finish uh just with the [ __ ] what is it. the [ __ ] palm olive in his mouth he doesn't even go to. the [ __ ] uh dentist he goes. to the cleaning ladies oh hello. mr president oh hello. mr mr george we we we come. back in come back in six months. we we clean your teeth. um racist all good but um so the chiefs won. and people think that there's a consp cons. iracy that the chiefs win and taylor swift will now. be there and endorse some people. to vote for biden i guess. i i don't i don't know and i don't know why. that's a thought and i don't know. how it caught fire. and i don't even know. how it would work. but it's a conspiracy. theory out there and then biden put up a tweet after they won with him with red laser eyes dude that said just like we drew it up and that's [ __ ] hilarious you know that's hilarious and look let's not take it from trump trump is [ __ ] hilarious i'm not saying he's a good president. or whatever the [ __ ] but dude the guy's [ __ ] hilarious i just wish it could be george washington or or truman again dude uh we feeling good we having a good time and uh and that's that what do we got here um i'm going to. be in kitner coming. up i'm going to. be in rochester new york. get your tickets ro rochester. is finally starting to. move uh shareport louisiana i've never been. there i i don't know how i'm doing there. houston texas corpus christie durham. north carolina norfol virginia. grand rapids fort wayne. sagen victoria bc augusta north charleston south carolina. and chat noua tennessee so uh let's do it. have a good time. and also watch my special you. can watch my special and it's a different. um what do you call. it a different hour. than the one you'll come see. me so go to. chr dot com thank you very. much and sign up to. our patreon that's it for youtube. if you want to. get uh the rest of the podcast. and all the other podcasts. that we drop that are patreon. exclusive i think there's 36. of them now go on over. to patreon dot com christalia thank you. very [music] much [music]. 