 [music] runk hey what's up. welcome to episode 394 of [music]. congratulations conat just plugged in my pey it. wasn't plugged in and then i it was plugged. in then it wasn't plugged. in and then i plugged. it in so that's the update. for the pewdie the pey charging. um and then i charged my phone. and it's all good and so now. we can do that episode. fell asleep in the corner. of my house the other uh about 10. minutes ago and just woke up yes dude fell asleep. with in the corner of my house. yes because i was reading. the book to my kids. and then passed the frank. out like an adult. dude and literally calvin said why. are we so tio dad and i said because i'm an adult. adult so you with me i don't even know man. one time i asked my doctor i wasn't there. for this but i was like why am i so tired. all the time do i have like a sleep. do i have like a um narcolepsy or something. and he said well are you sleeping. and i was like yeah no i'm sleeping. and he said okay i said do i have like chronic. sleepiness and he was like no. i think you're just getting. older and i was like this. is how it is and he said yeah. i'm just like what what dude. your diagnosis is your diagnosis. is you're tired and just keep on. charging oh man dude and so you know we try to. find the fun in life. and life is really honestly. just uh uh trying to. survive the pain and it's all good. though but it's like um i drink arrowhead water. it doesn't matter you know. people are always like that's the worst. water ever taste in my life. and it's not because dan. is because aquafina is okay because aquafina danani is worse. than tap water wow i actually said water. that time water um and uh so yeah i took uh this um i have not been ever since. i got back from australia. uh i got by the way. there was i did there was a joke. i did in australia i realized that. was uh getting half laughs half. laughs and um it was about baseball. and i realized what am i doing. they don't really watch baseball. and then i just thought got to. change that joke then didn't then just kept going. and doing it and getting a half. laps so that's how you know. i'm a professional comedian um but yeah i uh i i i haven't been the same. since i got back from australia. i've been so tired and i guess. i'm just jet lagged still which i don't. know how i believe in jetlag. but the other night i'm like falling. asleep and like it's taking me. a while to. get to sleep and then you know. kristen's just been like why don't you just take uh one of these things that i have i don't know if it's like a melatonin or i don't know what it. is i can't remember what it's called. but um and i was like nah nah. not going to work. uh it's fine so i would just like wait. there for over an hour. to fall asleep and i fall asleep. or i'd fall asleep then wake up. at like 3 then be asleep. for like an hour and or be awake. for an hour and a half. and then go back to. sleep and i'm like dude. i just can't this is weird. for me that doesn't normally. happen so i took the thing. that she gave me last. last night uh murder. was the case that they gave. me that's what that made me think of how did snip. dog get um how's how is he. he's he was arrested. for murder um but um he's arrested. for murder in 1993. and he's on the olympics. now but um i uh i took this thing that she gave me and i dude. well no i went to. sleep at 10: p.m. and then woke up at 2. was up so i go like this. godam you know what and i go. i take one of her. things she's sleeping and i when i tell you oh well no you know. what i died i died. for 6 hours it wasn't even. sleep i slept so so hard. that the next bison wannabe is. going to feel it no. um i slept so hard. i had 56 dreams i had dreams. about a washer. and dryer i had a dream. about uh bringing billy my son. on a trip with a bunch of my high school. friends i had dreams about jake paul. i had dreams about a song that. had lyrics all along that. i didn't know about and i i mean. dude i had so many dreams. it was like a uh um uh a slot machine. of dreams just just kept on like and um i f. i i woke up and i go whoa. babe those things work and she said told you couldn't wake up. for another two hours and then fell asleep. in the corner of my room. which is awesome reading a book. for my kids uh so i can't i i just i don't know. how people stay awake. hey how do people stay. awake honestly people have jobs from like 9 to. five i'm like whoa. you're the real unsung heroes. like look my job is not it's not easy. it's it's very hard in a way. you know it's not manual labor. but in a way it's one. of the hardest things to. do i do it for an hour. and all the rest is the stuff. is that what makes you tired. you get tired you know. you're going you have to. travel you're away you're you're on tour. war you're on the road and of course i make a good. living so i'm not complaining about it. it's great it's my dream. i love it it's hard. uh a 9 to5 it's like how do you not. hey if i had to. do a 9 to5 here's what it. would be every day. 11:45 no matter where i am. i fall asleep okay i pretend like i didn't and roll. that into lunchtime and then i have lunch. get back because i drank a coffee. so i'm feeling jacked start work again. and then by 3: i'm out. like a light again and then i fall asleep. until the end of the day. 5:00 p.m. when we're about to. clock out and i get fired and i last three days at work and that's it. dude i can't i can't understand. how people do that. it's not even about the like dude. even if i worked as a telemarker i it's too. much no it's me i'm hello. hi i'd like to. talk to you about the oh yeah. well the thing is i just like so um i don't know. i just i basically i'm just saying i don't know. how people stay awake. god i heard they're putting up. lasers for the uh in what country. china of course they're putting up lasers to. wake you up if you're driving. do you have that video you getting it. um let me know when you have. it uh the china has lasers that. wake you up when you fall asleep. on the freeway of the of the it's like hey dude. at that point and you know i don't know at that point. just have uh automatic driving cars. you know or automated driving cars. selfdriving whatever you know it's like you might as well have like knights with swords or something or people. just here let me look let me. let me show you first. so you get it and then you'll get it. china where is it china. lasers here we go what a great. wow that's a un dude. it's going to. cause antisleep lasers on the way. here it is they're going. to cause so many axes. antisleep and anti safety. lasers wow that's crazy also would put me straight. to sleep these lasers that's crazy. also imagine being it's like imagine being falling. asleep and then seeing that you wake up. and just go that's what you hear. on the way over the [ __ ] medium. uh yeah man just have self driving. cars please going to. cause an accident i if i see. like a mirror on a a uh in a shop driving by on the on the on ventura. freeway i i almost crash how about those. places that put out mirrors you know. like for like for like places that have like home. stuff for sale and they'll put a mirror outside. go [ __ ] yourself huh. a mirror outside so now either crash. or i'm trying to. see me so badly in the mirror. and then i crash um the opening. ceremonies look the olympics. opening ceremonies was it a mockery. of religion or not right. because people were saying that the opening. ceremony of the um olympics. was a mockery of the christian. faith now first of all let me get one. thing out of the way. i don't care a little bit. about this i don't even care. i can't i i don't care. about i don't know what i don't. care about more the olympics. or religion you know what i mean. and then both of them. came to play and they were just like hey let's have a whole boring. [ __ ] deal in my brain. all right so but what i do. care about is outrage right. i i just find that. interesting right now the olympics. boring ass o olympics. came along and they were like let's do opening. ceremonies and have it be the most trans. uh gay woke [ __ ] of all time and they pretended to. be the last supper. this fat trans lesbian. woman in the center the jesus. figure was there and people just went nuts. even people that were like well this was one. of the outrages that i saw one. of the one of the like like people that were like well. even well adjusted people were like all right. well respectfully um you know. they can yes i'm happy. that they did that this. what they wanted to. do i will never watch the olympics. again in my entire lifetime. you know what i mean. like just well well adjusted regular people with regular minds. were just like i you know. what's funny is if somebody that's fine. they did that and now if somebody ever mentions. the olympics uh in my direction i'm. going to run. into traffic and uh beg for cars. to hit me i'll jump. into lava well it. just to people are like i'll just you know. what i'll do if this happens. i'll put bird seed. in my eye and go lay. out into. a field you know. and just wait a the [ __ ] birds. just pecking your eyes. out well it's the olympic's fault. and so um but that's that i you know. so they they did this. and and and and even now look i'm willing to. accept that maybe they didn't maybe because there there's always always always a chance. fully believe this maybe the artistic. director didn't mean to do. this didn't mean to. make it the last supper. didn't mean to make a mo. mockery of the christian faith. or didn't even think of it. that way thought like well who cares. everybody can be christian it. doesn't matter if you're trans. lesbian fat woke you could still be. christian so it doesn't matter so this is good representation. it doesn't matter if it was a mockery. or not or whatever. there is pos it is possible. that this guy just thought and this is a big. big if this guy just thought you know. what i like the idea of some fat. trans woke lesbian people just sitting around. the dining room table eating and didn't even. think of the last supper. even though the lady. in the middle had a crown. on okay now all good. jesus isn't wearing a crown. during the last supper. however jesus and he has got a crown. it's kind of known for crowns. so but that's a possibility and the creative. director came out and said that. well we didn't actually mean to. uh have do the the last sumer thing. okay you know what okay. and guess what the these two. boring things together. in the meaning of my mind. okay i don't care hey olympics. hey religion have at it. you either meant it or you didn't i don't. care all right so fine. but here's the thing how long did. it take to. make the opening ceremonies of the olympics. long long time know how i know because dude. did you see it did. you see it the french. first and they do it. every year everywhere but this time. they did it no not. every year every four years. every two years because they do winter. olympics and all this [ __ ] but they now it's the summer. olympics they made the cameras. go from like the l. and then cut to. we're going to actually cut. to the eiffel tower we're going. to actually cut to. you know a band playing on. top of the a castle. we're going to actually cut. two and then this guy was carrying a torch uniting them. all so it was a big. deal was pyrot technics to. go cut cut down the block. turn camera 7 on like it. was a big deal all. right and so this took meaning this. took months to. create if not longer okay meaning it's an even bigger ask. to ask us to. believe that maybe the creative. director or the board of directors didn't once. hear a whisper of is anyone. going to think they this. in the summer and then they and then they say ah nah or they say ah maybe but who cares. that's not what we mean. and then think there will be no outrage about it. there will be okay so you've got people now. that are like oh i saw that. for the olympics i used to. love watching the olympics. and now look i'm a reasonable person. but i if ever even think about the olympics. again i'm going to. s my head off and someone else. going to raise my. kids but that's what they think they go. they they went nuts online. and you know look um whether they meant. to or not which they probably did. whatever but the whole thing. is uh what the [ __ ] is everyone thinking. you know and we have to. not care but it's weird. and then i'm like okay. so they made the olympics. opening ceremony gay trans you. know fat or whatever. and then i'm like well that's wild. that's pretty wild and then i saw this. footage online that was uh 20 years ago. and it was uh when the olympics. were in uh like athens or greece. or somewhere you know and i was like wow. and it was just these people. that were painted like they were stone statues. kind of moving around and like the old you know. grecian time you know like a or like italian. like you know michelangelo sculpted them. or something like like the uh statue of david. and they were real people painted like this. and doing activities that like people do in the olympics. and people were online like look at 20. years ago no no no no trans. no gay no woke. activity just beautiful uh uh art in motion. and this was the olympics. pure and then i'm like yeah totally different. and then i'm like wait the olympics. started in greece and then i'm like greece. and then i'm like greece. is dope i want to. visit there and then i'm like well grecian history and then i'm like wait. didn't greece didn't the olympics. kind of originate in greece. and then i'm like if i think about who the gayest people in history are i go. ancient grecians and then i'm like wait didn't they dress. up boys as concubines and splurt. them and then i'm like hey kindy on [applause]. brand so like you know. it's just the whole world. is crazy and gets back to. crazy and it thinks we're crazy. the whole time and in the middle. somehow snoop dogg. gets [ __ ] arrested for murder and this is the [ __ ] that we worry about and snoop dog is at the olympics. pretending to smoke the. the [ __ ] torch is a b [applause]. and i'm just like i'm not watching any events. anyway except my wife is making me. watch the gymnastics and volleyball. and um pretty much all the other stuff. honestly they get the clips. now you can do it but look it. says did the olympics. mock the last supper explaining. di dionis and why. christians are angry um. was the opening ceremony performance a moery of christianity. as some are suggesting or was it. a homage to the greek god. dianis dianis as organizers proclaim oh there. we go this is on. some website usa today so you know it's true. cuz they never lie. friday's wild opening ceremony. for the paris olympics. put the spotlight on influential. french metal bands yeah that part. was actually pretty dope how they were just like in hotel. rooms just blasting out like you. know who even knew what the lyrics. were oh and then seline. dion was on it that's what it. says right here did we see. her we don't watch the end. we got to watch. the end my heart will go on right. that's not selen dion oh yeah. yeah well okay she sang in fridge. but that's her song she's sing it. guys stop jumping down my throat. babe dude kristen want to. to in 2019. or 2020 okay i understand but it has to. do when the thing started can you please. don't interr my pod so like dude. in 2019 or 2020. she said i would love as a gift. you take me to. vegas and we could see selen in residency and i said okay. okay all right 2020 hits in march. covid can't go anywhere and then selon seline. dion gets like a disease that nobody that she invented like l. garri and then it just kind of quits. and and and now kristen holds. over my head like that was the only thing. i ever want i had three months. to d to dial that in i had three months. and then seline dion just is going. to like peace out the whole world. pieces out the whole world. comes back together and then seline. dion pieces out creating a disease. and i'm like okay so this. is my fault how the hell am. i gna get selen dion tickets. in in in three months. dude i thought i had a lifetime. i thought i had a lifetime. to do this sucks. well there you go me. dude there you go me. man [ __ ] up my relationship. once again uh what she's going. to interrupt again you can i don't care. i'm kidding what was it. you could just say it. we'll bleep it out if i don't. want to talk about it. yeah i i i will talk about that. but i will talk about it. later you gotta bleep that out. if you can hear it. okay because i don't want to. dox the person but i will tell a story later. that was pretty silly um my wife will do like lip. reading stuff i i can't even she tried to. tell me a story today about somebody. next to us eating eating. and and talking to. someone else and and it was like it. was it was like we were in the secret. service like that was how nervous she was it. was and it was it was just something that the other woman. was talking about and who cares. what if the other woman even heard it. and chris was just like other no. she this what she does. this is what this is her. and i'm just like what did. you [ __ ] say and then she'll get quieter and i'm like just say it louder i mean i mean it's so hard to. to to to understand and um anyway that's what she did. now but uh the whole point is um greece. is m mad gay. you know and trans. and period and that didn't just start. and my heart will go on uh i'm not watching any events. except for all the events. my wife are making me. watch and she's watching all. of them so i'm watching all. of them i i mean the one. i the ones there are cool gy. look you know my wife. was a gymnast when she was younger she was. a she won nationals she was. the best in her state. and yes in in a certain tier. or whatever okay and uh she loves. gymnastics and that's great and i'm gymnastics to. me is like break dancing. it's like you can be so good. at it and also okay oh you flip. around all those bars oh you're on that. thing that somebody created called a pummel horse. flipping all around and i'm just like oh okay oh oh so [music]. [ __ ] you know that song that just in timber lake. oh that came on and you're break dancing. to it on your back. oh okay that's it's the same. thing it's it's like a nice halloween. costume oh yeah that must have taken a long time to. put together oh all right. that to me that's like that. okay and it doesn't take away. from the talent you have talent. it's unbelievable that you can do. it um and there's a competition. and i understand it and that's fine. or or i don't understand. it and that's you know. whatever it's you do you it. is so crazy how the olympics. has survived though through all of this. time my wife is thinking about going. to olympics and then she broke. her back and grew six ines. um anyway enough about the olympics. you know what the olympics. lost me when i found out that the that. that skiing and shooting was a a [ __ ] thing in this. in the winter olympics. were there just the biathlon. or whatever were there just like ah let's just [ __ ] add one. more here there may be do a thing. where you ski a little bit and then you stop and you shoot. and then you keep skiing. or something and you're just like what. that's not like hockey that's. not like [ __ ] you know an actual thing you're just putting a bunch of malarkey. and halfhazard [ __ ] together yeah you know what we're going to. do we're going to. have for the summer. olympics uh wrestling jumping and pissing your pants. put them all together and uh sweden. wins the gold yeah russia's good. at it they you know. what they're good at it. uh they but the people who really excel uh is. the germans they they excel at the pissing. the pants part oops look at that. one gold um here's what i'm done with and i don't i don't hate her. i actually like her the hawk to. a girl hey hey hey you got no more saliva okay dude you said a thing oh it was at best. at best very funny. at best it was a very. funny thing you said and then it went. viral and i like this. woman i like this woman. this woman's cool she seems. fun and like a you know cute. kind of put together person. this is no hate on this. woman this woman deserves a really. nice full life and then i see her. on podcast and i'm like i see her on in like events. like saying stuff on a big. stage with 70,000 people like are y'all. ready for jelly roll. and i'm just like you said hawk to. you know and it's like and it's like so she's doing it. and she's make the money make the money. make all the money make the most money. you can make it make it get the money. i think all these you know. blood sucking leech agents. that are just like going to. try and like get her doing stu. make the merch though. do it get all that. money okay and then i think about people who like interview. her like like i get honestly. whitney cummings because her podcast is her podcast. and she does whatever. but i'm like bill mah. doesn't he have a show on. hbo for 29,000 years. how long has that. been marsh been on since [ __ ] 1912. i mean he interviewed the right. brothers and it's just like to. have her on a podcast. for for what an for what like an hour. and and i'm like fine. but then i'm like people surely. don't listen to. this right cuz and i said to. my wife how could you imagine anyone. listening to her on the bill. mah podcast or on something. you know like and and my wife. said i would and i and i said oh yeah. women i forgot that women women will just listen. in on anybody talking i you know. what i forgot that's the thing. is that i forgot i. forgot that if anyone with a vagina. or a penis starts talking. to anyone with a vagina. or penis that if someone with a vagina. is within earshot they will be listening. intently too i'm just listening to. the person on know. what they're saying and the and you know. what they're saying and i'm like who the person. over there and i'm like there's a person over there. i don't know and so hey here here's my interview. to the hw tua. girl hey so you you did you said hw. tua yeah yeah and it was like outside at that was it like a street rally. or something or like a picnic. or a fair and then she says yeah it. was a fair and this. that guy oh and then a guy just came up. to you or was it. setup yeah a guy came up. to us just started asking oh okay. yeah and is that actually what you do. when you give a bj. and she's like well i don't want to. talk about all that and i go like this. all right ladies and gentlemen. we'll be back we'll be. back after a few of these messages. and we'll be back with [ __ ] anybody else we'll be back. with a baby that can't. talk yet it's fine. we're back with a donkey and a guy that thinks he dr. dittle we're going to interview. the donkey he won't you. know and because like you know it's like the old c live. clips of the chris farley. show some of the funniest [ __ ] ever when he's just like so you're interviewing paul mccartney he's like so. you're in the beatles he's like yeah. i was was in the beatles. he like so like how was it like that's so funny. chris farley um. i don't what what do. we think about the haw tua. girl cuz i don't think i've talked about her yet. uh we think that she's going. to look i think she could become the next. cash me outside girl but she would have to. do she would have to. objectify herself in in in more. than just the hawk two away. like the the bad baby. person started becoming a rapper. and and was doing like twerking. you know the hw tour. girl can't now all of a sudden. just become like a journalist or a talking. head it has to. be some sort of like hey come see me. headline spearmint rhino now. with my hawk to. a mouth you know uh and she can parlay it. into something after that but it's got to. it's always got to. be something pervy in the beginning. if you don't actually have and here's the thing. i'm not saying she might be very talented. we just don't know her. talent yet you know her. she said something funny. and we're all acting like oh well we you know. let's get this person on the the the the the the the me. train and and and and see what their and and and see their their talent. but it's not that it's not. like she's out there showing people. how to give bjs now which would be the thing. that would excel oh interesting. oh interesting are so much. spit in the wrist movement. oh interesting oh interesting oh you really do go. hawk to oh interesting. oh touch way all the way. back to oh oh interesting. oh he's sporting quickly. how interesting right but she's not. she's like ladies and gentlemen. get ready for creed and people are just like yeah. so i don't know man. um she'll continue that look she can become that. that the bad baby. girl but by the way bad. baby girl got [ __ ] apparently the domestic violence. the the baby mom the baby. father hit her and uh that's that's terrible. and um it sucks. but honestly i guess finally the outside did catch up. with her and that dude. caught her outside i'm just saying. and i don't even i don't. you know i'm against domestic uh abuse domestic. disputes i'm against domestic living. i'm i don't even think people. should have houses honestly. so if you're g to. come at me to. remember i don't even think that. people should be uh within four walls uh uh i just i just i think that more. so it probably ends. with a quick clip in some kind of on like v the whatever the vhn. vhs network is in 15. years she's a quick segment of hey remember what the [ __ ] happened in the 20s. you know sandwiched between uh co and uh joe biden resigning. you know and there was also a hw tua. girl that did the thing of a hw. tua thing anyway joe b then started not saying anything and just how much does joe bon fart like be real is it just all day continuously i bet it's a little bit all day leaking a because let me tell you something man some days and i some days do you just go wipe for no reason because you go i need a wipe you know cuz i'll be honest i do i'm just like you know what the day is too is too long and too much to. have me not getting a little bit. interesting down there i'm going. to go for a wipe and i go. for a wipe and thank god. i went for a wipe is. all i'll say all right. so with that my wife. left the studio but i'm telling you she knows. i go for a wipe sometimes. sweetie i'm going for a wipe so oh hey babe. are you going for for white. right now and so joe joe biden i mean. he must just have scotch tape. and some [ __ ] stridex back there. um because it just keep i keeps it. back there if i'm 80. anyway um so i just thought i know you know. like i always say risk. it you risk sounding like the old guy. the more you complain the more you get the longer. you complain the more you start. sounding like the old guy. right because i'm 44. now and it's like i'm still out. here calling this [ __ ] out. and people still now i'm 44. people like that's just the old guy. and it's like yeah okay remember the you know. how people like say like oh yeah you're old and you go. that's thank god i made it hey let's take a break. memphis tennessee i'll be there. august 10th dallas texas i'll be. there august 16th witchita august. 17th and then oxnard california. i got uh the weekend there. on august 30th at oxnard levity. live that's uh the comedy. club there and it's southern. california macallen texas belmont texas uh the straight out. of the multiverse tour is. coming peterboro ontario londonbury bay. lexington kentucky birmingham montgomery mobile mobile uh. sudbury sou falls and then baa. uh rounding out the year. with and uh we got other dates. coming up so guys go to. chris lea dot com and get those. tickets now before they sell out. and come see me at the straight. out of the multiverse tour. i was in dude. i haven't seen my parents. in like i don't know. or i hadn't seen my parents. in like three weeks because of australia. and um the time i haven't i hadn't even talked to. him the time difference was just like brutal. and uh let take my kinesthetic. tape off or whatever they call this. i have to it's falling. off anyway um ah and um there we go. why do i have it. i have it because i have a [ __ ] frozen shoulder. and the guy came over and worked on my shoulder. today i got frozen shoulder. i'm 44 yes dude frozen. shoulder sounds like a [ __ ] mortal kombat. move and so uh frozen. shoulder and so i uh i went to. you know my parents were like hey uh uh come over for for for. dinner and i'm like all right. cool so you know. they do saturday say come. over for dinner tomorrow i say all. right cool i'll bring the boys. you know we'll come over and then the next day. i wake up and my dad. sends me a message. here's how i know my dad's getting. old my dad sent me a message. on instagram okay not a text. message he sent me a video. on instagram not a video. on instagram a video he filmed. and then he dmd it to. me and i'm just like for christ's. sake like i don't even know how this transpired. does he think he's texting. me i have no idea right. and the video i see a video. and then i see you don't know. this this is a crazy story and then under it. i say it says look. who's coming to. dinner okay the video is of a bear outside of my parents. place eating the trash in the area. where the trash is. stored a bear a tall. bear eating the trash. outside near where i would. have parked my car okay. so i write back a [ __ ] bear dm and he writes in dm yeah can you believe it caught him. out there this morning. and so i'm like okay. then i'm like hours pass. and i just assume hey dude if you have a bear period. get it taken care of in whichever. method you want have it. have it wash your hands of the this. right do whatever you gna. do hey and dude i sorry. for the animal activist get your shotgun. get your poison or or for. the pacifist call uh animal. control get the bear where bears. go all right okay so i'm like you know it's it's two now and you know everyone in my family. knows about the bear like kristen and stuff. and i say all right. well i'm you know i'm going. to get the boys. ready to go to. dinner and kristen's like you think it's like a good idea. to bring the kids. over there if there's a bear and i'm like well he said i mean. it was this morning. i'm sure it's not there. anymore and they have indoors and i know if a bear really wanted to. they could just be like this. house is actually mine and then eat everybody. and then just live there. for a week and a half. you know but i'm like it'll probably be okay. so i i get in the car. with our nanny and the two boys. kristen stad because she had a lot. of work to do for school. we're driving to linat which is. where my parents live okay. uh my parents asked me. what do you want for dinner. we tell them they order. it okay my brother. ordered it from his house. and ordered it to. their the whole thing is just like a mess. right so i'm like uh okay this is what i want. we go there my mom. orders wrong i know this. and i'm on my way. there anyway so fine. whatever okay my mom gave the wrong. order she got chicken millanes not chicken marcala which is what we wanted. chicken millanes is shitty okay. it's just bad what is it. is it fr i. don't even understand what it. is honestly it tastes. like tree bark thank you very. much so we're on the way. to my parents house. my nanny gets attacked from my mom. okay not me not my wife. okay this is what the text. says by the way the bear's. been in the pool since noon. but he's outside on the way. to my parents house. bringing my fouryearold and my oneyearold. my mom side texts my nanny. and says oh hey by the way the bear's. been outside in the pool. for hours since this morning. so i oh oh and as this happens. i [ __ ] you not billy throws. up everywhere in the back. seat okay so i'm like what's that. smell what the [ __ ] what did she say so we pull over i watch poli. stw up and i call my mom. and i'm like mom the bears. in the pool and she's like yeah. but you know i don't even know. if he's still there i just every now. and then i go upstairs and i look out the window. and he's in the pool. and i was like i'm bringing my kids. over and she's like i was fine. we stay inside i. said you don't know. about bears they could like get in anywhere. they're fast and strong and she was like it'll be okay. and i said no ma. you didn't tell me that. the bear was still on. your property you know. it the pool is like right. there and bear's. in it so i'm like i i don't know. if we're going to. come and she's like oh it's fine. so what now we got all. this food coming now that we all. got all this food. being delivered by the way. bears will come by if there's food. in the door step so i'm like ma. you got a lot of food. coming and a bear's. around the premises and you're inviting. me and my fouryearold. and my oneyearold over i think it's probably. best if i don't go. in the meantime my brother. texted me hey i'm not. going over there so i'm like great. so now was like fine. then don't come and i'm like oh for [ __ ] sake you going to. make me feel bad so i pull over i wipe the throw up. on my son and my nanny. is like it's probably all right. we'll just stay inside. i'm like all right [ __ ] it so we drive over. there my dad calls me. hey so don't park where the you usually. park where the trash. is that was where the bear was. okay thanks see you driving. my dad again hello yeah so you should park. at the um you can park. in front of the house. or across the street. okay thanks see you i pick. up my dad hello. hello he pocket died me. hang up i'm like all right. you know it smells like puke. okay show up and i'm like now. no no another phone call it's my mom. hey you know there's an area. down the street the other way. that you usually don't park. it's like a circular drive it's the neighbors. but if you park outside of it. and i just go hang up. cuz like hey this is all i can take so i hang up. i get there i park. you know where i parked wherever. the [ __ ] i thought i should park okay it wasn't near the trash. can i parked wherever the [ __ ] i thought i could park. and it was right. outside close to. the door uh of my house. near a wall and it was this my parents house and it was the second it was the second uh place the second call my dad had to. me was this is where to. park and i beyond that he was another part. and then my mom told me. i said no i'm not i'm not going. to do all this so i just parked there. now we get to. the place it all goes fine. there's no there's no bear you know. we don't even see it. and uh we get in the we say. all right we got to. go you know get in the car. and uh my dad gives calvin a kiss. and he gives billy a kiss and he does. this joke with calvin where he's like ah keeps kissing him. and calvin's like no no. no and one time calvin. was like i don't like when when he does that. it's too wet kisss too wet. so i was like yeah i told my dad. this three [ __ ] times right i'm like dad yeah don't you know don't do it he doesn't like it he plays a game you know and because he does it with billy and billy laughs he thinks he has to. do it with calvin to. make it even you know. i get my crazy from my family. so we put we gives calvin a kiss. does it one kiss. you know on the cheek. cool i got put him in the car. i get in the car to. go leave and then i hear gk. my dad opens the door. to give calvin another kiss against the wall. so now my door has a little ding. in it and i'm just and i go oh oh god. damn i can't say anything. you know cuz [ __ ] it who cares really in the long. run so i'm now i'm driving back. home and my and and i'm not even. driving i'm i'm so like tired and i say to. i say to. my the nanny i'm like can you grab she's like oh she's like she's like can you grab my. sunglasses behind in the bag. it's kind of sunny so i go. to grab the sunglasses in her. bag and i'm searching around. for it she's like it's in there. you might have to. look for it i'm searching. around searching around searching around. searching around all of a sudden it. feels like my hand is in a pile of dog. [ __ ] okay and i say what is in your bag. and she says sunglasses um just some diapers and then i said no. the thing that feels like dog. [ __ ] and she says oh it might be the dog food. did it open and i said yeah. it's this wet ass dog. food now not only does it. smell like puke from billy but it also smells like dog food. and i'm driving home is the beginning. of driving home i'm driving home like this with a [ __ ] dog food. hand baby puke the i got to. take the [ __ ] car in and i'm like don't invite me if a bear's over. hey we could have nip this. bud if you told me to. stay away when a bear's on. the premises something i'll never say. hey a bears here call. everyone to come over call. animal control get a shotgun. put poison on him. you know dude it was a [ __ ] being debacle the whole. day i came home chris's like what's wrong. and i was like i mean. just took so long to. tell the story and then she's like oh sorry. you know and i'm like yeah it's fine. and we start laughing at it. about it you know. whatever but dude i mean uh i don't animal. control animal control never came they called. him four times and never came that's the thing. about here's the thing. if i ever have to. call animal control and they don't. pick up or they don't. come or they don't. return my calls all day. they get a message like this. hey got my shotgun i'm going. to kill the thing. come get it before. i do going to. be protected my family by. an i'm all control hey better. come pick up your bear. g to shoot. it in the face gna knife. it to death hey there's a jackal in my yard. going to knife. it to death better. get here soon you. know taking no chances got a fouryearold. and a oneyearold come. over here before i strangle the [music]. elk come on get off dude. kinetic tape song [ __ ]. god damnn it it's locked. in see now it's locked in place. um here we go i have. how come i can't get it. off honestly is it oh my god i'm an athlete. there we go um there. was a we got some tik toks here actually. yeah there we go. there's some of it and then here's a t what's the bigger. trap welcome to. the most [ __ ] up tik tock of the week. uhoh the most [ __ ] up. tik tok post of the week. uhoh it's a segment that. we do that is now. that you know we used to. do the most [ __ ] up instagram post of the week. but now the most [ __ ] up tik to. post of the week is what. we're doing so uh that's what we're doing from. now on cuz tik tok. is more relevant now. and uh people are absolutely bonkers. on tik tok what's the bigger trap. marriage or having kids. i think having kids cuz you can't. do the same stuff at least. in marriage you guys can still smoke. crack together if you got kids you can't you got to. like put that to. the side or something like that. you got yeah you got to. put the crack at least four. years or something like that. once they turn five you. back in the game yeah cuz they babysit themselves. they be like get over there. and they be like it smells like plastic. daddy and they' be like it's plastic. time like get out here he go. dude the other guy. goes yeah hey no yeah what's the bigger trap. marriage or having kids. i think having kids cuz you can't. do the same stuff at least. in marriage you guys can still smoke. crack together if you got kids you can't you got to. like put that to. the side or something like that. you got yeah you got exactly. yeah hey no no incredible. here's another one we got two. most [ __ ] up tik tok posts of the week. here's one ah they're my friends. [ __ ] we can't do that one h so there was one. just cut the beginning sound. of that so nobody you can still put this. in there that was my [laughter]. friend ah there's so many [ __ ] up people that are even my friends okay um we went to. san diego and did the [ __ ] laugh factory and it was awesome. dude it was so awesome. and it was so hot. on stage it's underground. and the air conditioning was broken and they need to. fix that and um they will but man. those san diego crowds just i used to. think san diego was the worst. place to go and honestly. downtown san diego is ridiculously. bad it's got the best and the worst. that everyone has to. offer because it'll be like well and also it. was comiccon so it's like you'll see like a just like fat deadpool. nine times a day and you're just like oh you don't like no real dead. don't tr just get a shirt. with mario on it you know. like if you're gonna go like come on buddy. hey be mario dress up. as mario we're all fat. you know what i mean. stop going as fat wolverine right. right right because jason mamoa. didn't have love handles and a belly. in aquaman so don't do that. one just dress as mario okay. hey dude you know what uh uh henry. caval didn't have a gut. in superman in man. of steel so hey go is luigi. all right isn't that isn't that. right cuz we're all fat. don't tr me. i'm kind of fit dude. if i put a deadpool outfit on i i you this is what you think when you see. it ah i should have went as luigi. we're all fat okay. what you doing get a mario. shirt and go get a [ __ ] you know a spiderman comic signed well. not anymore because stanley's dead. but you know what i mean. so uh comic con was crazy. we went there and dude. the the homeless situation in san diego. is out of control. it's it's sad it's really sad. uh d david sullivan came dude. david sullivan i went early. because there was going. to be traffic in um for comiccon. i'm like i'm just going to. go early i left i was in the car. by myself david sullivan text me while i'm on the way hey man what's the do with san diego you going when you going i was like oh yeah i'm uh i'm going uh i got he said tonight tomorrow i was like yeah tonight and tomorrow and he was i was and i was like oh wait he's david sol and he's probably going to. be like let me tag along. so i said to. him uh oh um by the way. i already left and he goes damn. he's like will you pick. me up at the train. station before you go. on stage bro imagine being that. fly by the seat of your pants. that you're 47 by the way. and he's just like oh you left. for san diego already pig. up at the train station there. dude that is bonkers. and i said okay i said okay. before i even decided because i was like we'll just get him down. there and see what happens. i was driving down the 405. or five i don't know. where i was five probably. at this point and i look to. my left and there's a train. i'm driving as fast as the train. next to me and i text. him and i say yo are you on that. train and he says yeah and i said what's the the next. stop and he tells me and i said meet you there. dude i just went to. the next stop he got off and he got in my car. with only a backpack vagabond okay. so he's just there in san diego. and just sleeps in the same. room as me vagabond we're in our. 40s in the same bed. you know it was fun. as [ __ ] dude it was so fun we had my cameraman uh sam who directed my special as well and uh uh uh uh mike lenoi we all stayed in the room. ourselves one room it was the last room. available at the andas during. the comiccon it was so [ __ ] expensive but dude we had so much fun dude we never stopped laughing the whole. time and we got back. at like 1:00 a.m. or. no not even like maybe before. that 12: we were laughing and we didn't dude. david was trying to. fall asleep and we kept going. with bits and jokes. the light the tv was on. we kept going bits the then. we turned the tv off. we kept going dude. it was 500 a.m. my mind. was still in bit mode. dude and everyone else was asleep. and i was still doing bits. by myself i swear to. god dude and i thought in my head. i had a very real moment. where i go like this. i'll never stop and i think i said to. myself i'll never stop doing bits. ever and then i texted that. to a different group. chain at 5:00 in. the morning i said i'll never stop doing. bits ever two different texts. and then one of the guys was up. already at 5:00 a.m. and. laughed at it and i go. [ __ ] yeah night capper. it took me so long. to get to sleep. uh and there you have it. that's the episode of congratulations. episode 394 thank you for the rest. of the video go to. the that's it for youtube. for the rest of the video. go to uh the patreon patreon. dot com christalia and um you'll get all. of the remaining episodes that have happened. all the bonus episodes. and that have happened there's like 40. of them now um so go there. and you can just binge. them all you know like where the show. lost and there's one extra that. we do a month. so you can go sign up. and it supports the show honestly. keeps the show going truly so thank you. guys very [music]. much [ __ ] [music] 