 adameve dot com is the place. to go uh to. to bring more pleasure. or satisfaction in your bedroom and they are offering 50% off just about any item. plus free shipping which includes rush. processing just enter code lifeline. at checkout we'll talk about this. more later on in the show. so that's me no it's like you can. r a girl you can r. a girl so i'm bas riz i'm just basically bas riz no. cap even with this. thing i'm cap cap bas. r no no no cap when you say that. cap i'm cap ap b no no it's not captain runk hello. hello hello hello uh we it welcome. it is 8 episode 87. of lifeline you know what's weird is um we're getting. to be up there it's going. to be episode 100 soon. yeah in 13 in episode. 100 we get to. have jesus christ on. the episode so is coming back. but jesus christ is. always kind of with us on this. episode on these episodes. isn't he he's always right. over my shoulder um you are missing. out on the lifeline luxury. show patreon dot com lifeline. luxury that's matt and i no submissions just us and i just him. and i um lifeline luxury. is a great show we have a lot. of fun doing it. go sign up for lifeline. luxury right now and also get my special it. streaming grow brow or die. it's available at chris lea. dot com i will be in phoenix and oxnard and sacramento. and braa and el paso and albuquerque go. to chrisa go to. chris lea dot com to. get tickets and that's that. and that is that and guess what you got a good. story you want to. tell some tell the world about it. submit yourself as a potential guest. to my upcoming podcast. coming out very very soon now. called the private record go to. the private record dot com submit. yourself there thank you very. much uh you got a question. you want to. submit yourself on this show. uh do the thing in the description. below or just go to. watch lifeline dot com uh you want a oneonone advice. session with me you get the best. advice of your life. totally change your life. make it good for the rest. of your life from now until you die. go to mata. dot com and book. that now you want some good merch. you want the best merch. go to lifeline merch dot com. dude you go like this. you want one on every time you say you want. a one1 you say you want. a one1 do you want. a one1 it sounds like you're um do you want. a one1 you going to. get it puerto rican uh so anyway get uh thank god dude. that we had anthony honestly. no yeah getting here yeah why. don't you tell him. okay well we were getting. here you so he texted me. on the way here and you us. yeah the the the show together. yeah hey the lot that. you we usually use is uh you can't. use it it's closed. off it's private rented private. today yeah so you're going to. want to park somewhere else. mhm and um i'm just like really grateful. that he kind of was able. to tell us that because i you know. you go through the situations. for those of you that don't know. anthony is you know he's one of the producers over. there but you know you go through. the situation in your head. it's like say i didn't anthony. didn't tell me that right. i show up i see the lots full. that i usually park. at i'm i'm like what the [ __ ] okay what do i all right. so all right um you know i'm discombobulated i mean. i know what i probably would have done. if i wasn't warned ahead. of time but but you go like this. oh god oh and maybe you you you got to. pull over you got to. start thinking about another lot. you know where is it. where do i how do i get there. yeah and then and then you go all right. well i guess i'll start looking and then you know that. could take a you know. a few minutes and then you you just get completely. turned around and the good thing. about uh that that happened. was anthony gave us a head. of it told us ahead. of time so when we got there we already knew mh. okay this lot is going. to be full be prepared. to look for another lot. right away you know what i like the most about it. though is that he didn't give us options. for other ones so he basically didn't need to. do that in any way. because not only would we have found out. on our own but we would have had to. also on our own. without his help. find out where would be a good. place to park right now. if i wasn't warned ahead. of time like he did i would have gotten there. realized it was close. cried parked called my mommy right. and tried to. figure out what the heck. on earth i'm going to. do now yeah do you want to. know why i told you guys. yeah sure it's a oneway street. so if you turn down that street. then you have to. go like all the way. around you know interesting. and he's just being considerate just being considerate you. yeah but it's like you needed to. where did you park though. like just telling us isn't enough. you know and all yeah where did you. park number one but number two i just feel really badly that. nobody gave you a heads. up when you got here when you got there you probably go like this. oh oh and then you were like you know what i'm saying. it pays to. be first yeah so thank you. so much for telling us that and and saving. us really the high cost. of being the first one yeah. um and uh i have news. for you matt remember when i was so late. to the show yeah like an hour. more you were two hours. late dude yes you are hours. late okay well more yeah i was i was an hour. and a half late you're right. um i got here in less. than 40 minutes today and you said no. i i know i know exactly. what i said it. was the correct thing which is that. if if we if we we start at the right. time understand you will not hit the same. traffic you did say that. but you also said it always takes. at least 40 minutes to. get here from where i am. and it didn't this. time how many minutes did it. take probably like 38. that's 40 dude that's basically 40. it's close enough but now i woke. up this morning and okay so i woke. up yet last morning. yesterday morning and i was great. to go i was good to. go and i was like let's do this. took calvin to. school and on the way. to school calvin said barbie. barbie uh drives a a pink car. just out of the blue. we had a conversation about that. m dropped them off. and went about did. my day okay then uh today i woke. up didn't want to. wake up i don't like that. hey body what's going on well. what is going on huh. well not much is going. on just i didn't do. anything crazy slept fine why. did that happen and jesus. christ give me the answer. well he's right over my shoulder. if you want to. see but i don't understand. dude one day i wake up. one day i wake up. and it's good and then one day i wake up. and it's bad i don't understand. it either the last today. so my version is yeah. the previous two days before. today previously on waking up i felt. like such doggy crap last yesterday. and the day before previously. both days on waking up. okay what is that i know. that's dennis hazur but what's well. no abc does it it's not. dennis hazur it's not no. previously unlost it's just the guy. for abc okay so now that we got that. um don't stick me. up for that okay. well so go ahead uh today i was like last night. in fact i was like oh no. another morning is coming soon i'm going. to feel terrible because that's i guess. what i do now. in the morning and i don't know. what i'm going to. do woke up today felt great. waited to feel terrible cuz it doesn't come. right away which is the weirdest part. uhuh yeah is it depression. or what is it. is it is it physical. no the moment i wake up. i get slammed with a mac truck. of depression and anxiety so that's the first thing. okay me too dude. should the air be off. or what no it's fine. 40 no that's good okay. 40 minutes later or so i start. to like my body gets like so hot. you know what one of you. probably knows what's going on with that. why does that happen. to me sometimes sometimes i wake up. feel fine so much. wrong information and and and and then like 45. minutes maybe an hour. later my body is just like on fire. oh my god we're going to. get so much wrong comments. i mean all right. but maybe there's going to. be you know what it. is the sun the position. of the sun someone say if you're going. to be really wrong. with with the thing you say don't don't write. it in the comments people don't. think they're wrong if i know. but think about it. first if you actually are wrong don't write it. here now here's everyone right. now if you're right. continue to. do it and flag. me say hey matt here's what's going. on with your body fix. it i'll marry you. wait what i'll marry the person. that gets oh you'll marry you. person okay i got you i got it. so anyway so i put my so i woke. up this morning i took a shower. last night i woke. up this morning did not. take a shower and put my contacts. in my contact are blurry. they've been blurry since jump. yes dude so that's great. things are going really great. today tired and my contacts. are all [ __ ] up in my eye. e why don't you wear glasses. when that happens cuz then what just take my contacts. out just take them out. cuz cuz sometimes they settle and it's nice. oh okay but i wore. glasses the other day. anyway and i i'm like a one day a week. or or even more glasses. guy that's interesting yeah i'm interesting. dude are we talking about. so here's the thing dude. we're talking about interesting things and some people might be like well you're just talking about. how you woke up yesterday. and you woke up today and then your brother. said you woke up yesterday. he woke up today dude. it's interesting and we're interesting and i won't have. it any other way dude. and i don't want to. talk about so here's the thing. man i've been watching tv. shows on netflix and on hulu. and stuff other people might think they're boring. and i don't dude. oh and and and and it's fine. what is this turning. into uh you're an advertisement. for shows no okay well what do you mean. you're saying those shows are interesting. yeah yeah and david sullivan. when he comes over and he watches. them my friend who those of you. who don't know him which you shouldn't. okay don't want you to. know who he is but he's an actor and he says i have awful. watch history on netflix because when we look at hulu. or it's it's awful stuff. and it's not awful stuff. david sullivan is first of all. not someone to be talking. about someone else's he. always wants to. watch really good movies. i don't like people who always want to. watch really good movies. man but what's a name a really good movie. he like if i was like let's watch killers of the flower. moon he'd be like oh man. i'm all in okay. and i'm like dude let's just watch some dumb. [ __ ] like there's a show on netflix. now that's uh about you know. people who do makeup. for special effects and i watch it. oh my god how boring are you dude. well it's a competition show and yeah. and it's and it's interesting. to me and uh the characters are fine. but it's i me that's cool. that you that you have interests but there's also i watch supernatural. a little bit this show. that ran for like 28. years yeah why do you watch. that it's very bad why. then why do you watch it. i know it's bad because i don't know sam and dean. are interesting characters and they don't dean. is the kind of guy that 13yearold girl. no a 13yearold girl in ottawa. the that such dude. first of all how much did that. show shoot for 28 seasons in vancouver. it did it did it. was it was in vancouver. yeah and it's very bad. anyway we could go to. submissions but i just supernatural. is a very bad show. and two people i i am close. with love that show and i tell them. how bad it is and i will still watch. it but you like it no. well no uh i don't know. okay it's bad oh speaking. of bad things that i've i haven't laughed at a movie. i can't believe this. is true and you're not even. going to believe me. okay murder too what's that. oh the adam sandler one. yes i laughed for about. 5 to 6 minutes. i missed a whole. chunk of the movie. cuz i was laughing. so hard at one one part. of really okay i'll watch it. don't ruin it i won't okay. and if you know what it. is put it in the comments. but you won't dude. it was i was dying. i couldn't breathe do you think it's the part. that's the funniest part that. people would say is the funniest. part or some weird. to you okay what happened. was it was you're the one. there's one section that's actually. kind of good and funny. and clever it's and it's a joke. that's made right after after that. so i was primed. i was ready to. i was ready first good that's good. that's and then there was a really funny joke. right after that in the next scene. that it just i died. now let's get into. it why on earth. were you watching murder. mystery 2o there's someone very very dear to. me who uh loves adam. sandler okay and i we watched. the first one together murder. mystery and i didn't laugh once. i was like this all time. yeah right and that was me. for the first like 12 minutes this. time was like this so my question. still stands why did you watch the second. one then because i care about people okay. you got to love. people all right in this. life you got to. love people sure and i love people and this was a person i love okay. and it made it worthwhile. and then it turned out. to be great cuz i laughed my flippity. flarity ass off okay a children's book. so it's so and it's really and it's really good. it actually way better yes like terminator well i mean. terminator one's good murder mystery. is awful murder mystery. 2 is really bad. so the two sequels. that are better than. the originals are t 2. and murder mystery 2. so there you go. they have all right. cool and also godfather right. t2 is better than. ter no no no godfather one's better. all right let's do it. let's do a submission. hi matt and chris i'm going. to make this short. um cuz my phone's an [ __ ] but anyway am i an [ __ ] for allowing my dog. to pretty much steal people's like. balls off their yards oh he long. story short when we go on walks if he walks by. and he sees like a basketball. a tennis ball a volleyball. he will pick it up. and he will take it and he will walk home. he's so proud of it. and it makes me laugh. and it makes me happy. am i influencing like bad. klepto behavior with my dog should i not let him. do this um cuz i feel bad. but it's also [ __ ] the cutest thing in the world. you know seeing a dog. carry a basketball it's impressive. that so yeah am i an [ __ ] for letting him do this um i don't know if short she said keep i'll keep it short. that was really short okay. that was like 20 seconds fair. enough okay uh i'm the short. police that's all she uh uh okay um this is what i think about that. i don't think you're an assho. well that's not the right word. even if you are doing something wrong. you're not an [ __ ] well no but you know [ __ ] you know she's using it loose loose. loosely maybe but she's being a loose. [ __ ] she no i think that she if you have a if you look dude. dude if if i don't know what neighborhood she's in but you got anything. on your front lawn. it's gone you got to. just be prepared to. lose it i agree with that right. i totally agree with that. it's like what are you doing. keeping l leaving yeah come what. are you people doing well it's it's a ball. so they probably don't care. so that it's fine. but it's not i wouldn't say it's up. for grabs for you and your dog. but the person in the house. has to understand if i leave something out on my front lawn. and somebody takes it i'm not going. to be like what the heck. is going on or call. the cop this is just kind of like that's for everyone. right but also i think you could i don't see. or rather i don't see. why you can't put it back. yeah yeah i well that's the thing. i don't let your dog. take it and then bring your you. know let your dog in the house. yeah then go obviously if he brings the basketball. inside the house bring it back. to the person's lawn. it was on also am i wrong. here what dog can carry. a basketball some dogs. can grip it and they're just. like really yeah pring around. with the thing on look up. a youtube go look up. a youtube dog carrying a basketball cuz that sounds crazy. to me it has to. be a a no but it's not always a big. dog come on it's not always a big. dog well maybe maybe should talk about one of those. little basketballs then there's no way. a regular basketball there's going to. be thousands of dogs with basketballs in this. m let's look dog carrying a basketball i. don't i don't see one. i see not one it's all. baskets we're going to. get like airbud type [ __ ] airbud you know yeah baskets they're all carrying baskets he probably he probably honestly typed in baskets and i'm pissed in basketball oh yeah you're right. uhhuh yeah okay well i guess. you know what i guess. you are correct she's. honestly lying we found a liar. why basketball is this big. dude look at how big a basketball. is look he's p there. we go there we go. okay okay what's that one. that black one deflated. though okay scroll up there's another one. that you didn't click on that. i'm pissed about there it. that's a min one a small one you're right. when you're right you're right. so maybe she means a mini one. okay fine cuz there's no way. bro maybe she doesn't you literally. just made up something in your head. maybe she doesn't know what a basketball. is maybe she thinks like a beach. ball is a basketball there's one. that's a real basketball that's deflated. it's deflated okay maybe it was deflated. yeah okay okay so what i'm saying. also it's bothering me. how much you're hung up. on cuz i i'm a stickler i'm a stickler for st. are and it bothers me. because it doesn't matter. at all color the right. picture color the right correct picture. especially when you're going to. do a submission on. lifeline so no you're not an [ __ ] but like it is kind of weird. if like you're just like so into. if you're so not you know lacad isical on not giving the ball. back and put it back. put it back you're not an asle you're a lazy. [ __ ] if you don't put it back i guess yeah i mean so if you go on a far walk and you don't put it back here's the thing if ien it's not the same thing but if if i forget to. take a a crap bag. mhm and it doesn't matter. how far the poop is i always get home. get a bag go. back and to. the place that the dog. took the crap really put the crap. in the bag and throw it. away yeah dude why because i don't want [ __ ] to. be in my neighborhood just like on the sidewalk. when i walk by my neighborhood and i see [ __ ] i don't care even a little bit well honestly. it's because of people like you that. the world's going as [ __ ] is the is the reality. of the situation i don't if if if my dog. shits i'd pick it up if i had a bag. yeah but if i didn't i would be like oh i guess. that's for the earth if it's in the middle. of like a whole bunch of stuff. where nobody's ever walking. that's different i mean i'm not going. to [ __ ] outside j crew and being like go ahead take a [ __ ] diarrhea [ __ ] i mean come on come on bill uh uh uh uh sam some people might just out in the mall just in [ __ ] hollywood island next to spiderman dude i used to live in an apartment building people would let their dogs take shits in common areas and not pick it up all right well that's that's not okay people do that i'm just saying i would not do that okay okay yeah okay wow all right next what's going on guys jordan from for worth i got a bit of a dilemma so i'm a healthcare worker we do 31 12 hour shifts i come in at 7:00 a.m. it's cold in texas is i'm wearing a little hoodie um i put it over the back of the chair i go do my stuff you get report from your night shift person you go do all your work um so i go do all my stuff my jacket is on the chair all day nobody touches it i mean there's only three or four of us in our department you know everybody's out doing stuff most of the day where's this going i come back to the department at about 6:45 and there's a guy sitting on it and this guy is like one of those where's the same scrubs every shift where's little headband or bandana thing every shift drinks five pepsis dude i mean just like it's just coming out of his pores oh and so uh he's sitting on my jacket dude yeah and he's sitting on the hoodie part specifically cuz it's like lamped over the chair like he sat down on it it kind of like slid down so he's sitting full on it and i was i like walked by and made a comment i was like oh there's my jacket and he didn't move and i said it loud enough for he could hear me and then i kind of tucked at it and he didn't move and i was like was he dead all right so then i pulled it out and he was like what is he a [ __ ] ape lo and behold dude smells like absolute [ __ ] oh god nice so question is do i burn it do i burn it send him a cuz he's not a request no has this guy ever heard of a laundry what do i do this it's a jacket. though you know you'd have to. get a said it was a little hoodie. i think he said it's a jacket with a hoodie. i think that's what he's saying. get a dry clean a jacket. with a hood yeah i would i would get it. dry cleaned i mean i mean. how bad could it how bad i mean. i don't look i'm not calling some people. are stinky bro the so much. that it lingers for like. days on a piece of clothing. sat on it i i know there. is perfume like that but you know have you ever like dude. i had this vest i used to. like to wear all the time. god i saw this uh this chick. out that i kind of knew and she's like hey what's up. she gave me a hug. bro that vest i for years. i had to throw it. i had to throw it. away it for years it smell. like perfume that's perfume. but you know if perfume can do that. [ __ ] if the guy smells like bo fat [ __ ] drinking pepsi all the time you know just [ __ ] and also not moving here's the rule you can be as slovenly gross. ugly unappealing unattractive as you want don't be. ugly you can be no. you absolutely can be if i was you can't. terrorize i'd pass the handsome. off the senses of those around you meaning. you can't smell like [ __ ] dude if you fire someone cuz they smell. bad you can get sued. he think sh you're fired. you get sued yeah i believe that. yeah yeah so you got to. pretend you don't know what they smell. like and everyone's like oh i don't but i'm such so good. at work and you're like yeah yeah know your work. was great i don't know it. just what you're just like that. idea people are just like choking. behind you smell is killer dude. smell will put you me in a bad. mood just like i'll be in a great. mood there' be garbage in the room. i'm just [ __ ] furious all time. it ruins your mood dude. yeah that it ruins mood. peri should get one of those [ __ ] what are the the medieval times with the the nose theck nose with with the with it's the black plague. mas yeah but you just put a car. freshener under it this. now but we talked about this. that's what you put stuff. with rose water yeah but that okay i know so why you want a car fresher that would give you such a headache dude. i know but you know. what is um that show. that i watched with the special. effects makeup the face off they did make up. with the with the dick. nose and stuff what do. you mean they did make up. with the dick nose one. of the guys did makeup. for the uh black plague. and he it was a guy. who had a big nose. that put the he put the inscense. in the nose so speaking. of noses do you want. to see the thing i put in my nose. so that i can breathe. better does the world want to. see i i bet it. i bet the people the viewers probably do. but it's pretty stupid honestly. all right well you know what i'm the i'm always the real. man oh oh never mind this. is actually cool i i thought this was i thought it. was the tic tac thing. no this is made for that. dude i can't look at me. tell you how much it's changed my life. who it makes my makes my life. so much better you have an extra one. i have many many many different. si you one for me. next time you were just going. to you were just going. to make fun of it. and then i'm making fun of how it looks i i want. to know how it feels well. i'm super comfortable and i can you look. at me yeah you look. ridiculous don't care don't care feel great. that's fine so so what. so that is for making your your nostrils open. to breathe 100% and it uh and why. i had a headache since i took it out. when we started the show because it's i i was not breathing. enough and it was starting. to give me a headache. right here above my okay. i just put it in i bet. you the headache's gone. by the end of the i thought you say the headache's. gone already and and you were going. to do if you did that. i would have never trusted anything. you said yeah that would have been a lie. but you would you know. what you been you know. what you would have been a girlfriend. that's what a girlfriend would. say oh wow my headache. was there i put it in instantly. it's gone it's deeper. so anyway um but it's true. you know you know it. dude you know that's something that that that that a girlfriend. says not not a woman somebody who has a boyfriend says that. steeper no come on dude. chicks get dudes and then they end. up saying [ __ ] like that chicks get what about when they get married. yeah same that's so not girlfriends. you're talking about every woman. any woman a single woman. would just be like out. partying and getting drunk and [ __ ] you're painting with a big brush dude well i paint with big brushes. so let's do another bob. ross who wants better sex. and who wants to. start having better sex immediately. i think probably everyone i think everyone does. and the best way to. get started is to. go to adam andeve dot com. right now ad offering 50% off just about any item. and free shipping which includes rush. processing what that's right and more than that. adam and eve wants to. make your life easy they offer discreet. shipping as your privacy. is a priority. plus plus 100% free shipping. with rush processing on your entire order. so bring more pleasure. and satisfaction to your bedroom. it's 50% off one uh item free shipping. with free rush processing go. to adam andeve dot com. and select any one item it could be an adventurous new toy or anything you desire. just enter offer code lifeline. at check out that's lifeline. l i f l. i n adam an dot com. this is an exclusive offer. specific to this podcast. okay so be sure to. use this code lifeline. to get your discount. 100% free shipping. and get it fast. with rush processing code lifeline. hey chris and matt this. is molly from minnesota. chris i was at your show in minneapolis. for the t special i'm so grateful. i was able to. be there for that experience and matt. you're awesome wish i could be friend. so this is freddy and my question. for you guys is can a dog. sleep in your bed my fiance. thinks absolutely not he should be kennel. that night um because freddy moves. around a lot and takes up. a lot of space and it. readjusts but i work i travel. a lot for work and so i don't get to. see freddy all the time. and i really like my nightly snugs with my dog. um so i' would love to. hear your thoughts on should a dog. sleep in your bed thanks. guys love you i mean. i get i get love. you too i feel so strongly about this. but go ahead i get it. i get why you wouldn't want. to because you want to. uh if you're training your dog. and you want to. start with that you know. so it doesn't pee in the bed. and [ __ ] like that well yeah that's you know i i understand. i don't care about the dog. my my dogs sleep. in my bed sometimes but i think that uh if if you know does it. wake me up some maybe. every now and then but it sucks. if it keeps waking him. up maybe he's just being difficult. he's being difficult but you feel strongly. about this i feel very strong. about this if you are like that. if if the way her fiance is like no. dogs in the bed period. there's like you need help. you need help because that is such like like go. to bed what just go. to bed there's just a thing in the bed. too what do you care. what why are you acting like you've never heard wor. before so all sudden you just got a labotomy uh what do you think then. let like it's first of all it's it's fun. having a cute ass dog. sleeping he doesn't think so so let's that's not the case. if you don't think it's fun. than god anthony told us about at least. be indifferent about it who cares. dude also it makes your fiance. happy like yeah it if even if you hate it. how much could you possibly. hate it more than it. mak f yeah dude. like you need help. that's what i'm saying dude. and he gets so tired he just but he's [ __ ] wakes up yeah just snaps back away cuz he's too angry. yeah yeah like this. guy needs help dude. i don't know dude i think i like i like dogs. a lot it's not even. really about a big dog. was it a big. dog i didn't see it it. was a pretty big dog. it was like it looked like a doodle which looked mad. cute just somebody drew it you. mean dude i think i think it's a picture it's a drawing. of a dog everyone's crazy. in there uh shout out to. honestly i you know what i love. the name molly. dude and that's an underrated. name for a for a woman and you don't meet too. many mollies no you don't check this. out dude love the name freddy molly. and the dog freddy that's cool. wonder what the fiance's name. is anyway molly's a cool. name do you agree you. don't like it i don't dislike it. i just never thought wow i love that. every time i hear molly. like oh yeah it's for fresh. i never really heard of molly. i don't really meet mollies. you know anyway i like the name zandra that's not a name. really no no no it's not. i just made it up. uhhuh any name is a name but xandro is not. i mean that's xandro is a name with an x yeah yeah hey dude losing your mind. losing your mind dude. the heat the heats dude. here's what's dumb this okay. i agree this is so stupid. i don't like that either. why would you i didn't. it was going to. be like that so why. did you show it off. then like it's like that's the feature. of the shoe and it's stupid. i didn't know it was going. to i didn't know that. that was going to. be how when you took it off your foot you knew. yes i already knew because i have this. shoe but before that i also didn't know. this says two things back. here that's kind of stupid. are those hiking shoes. what's that are those hiking. shoes what the [ __ ] did you just say to. me are those solomon solomon. whatever yeah those are hiking. shoes yeah dude oh oh oh all right. oh i'm just say now. now what i'm just saying you're wearing cleats. bro these are these are cleat bro. they're not they're cool shoes. dude they're not it's not like going. hiking cool they're very not. cool dude like the shiny everyone's about. to assassinate me anthony. likes them no he he he says i'm on. a hike i have. black ones okay well why are you dogging them. then i'm just saying they're for saying. oh it's like the parking. lot thing he's just saying. dude did you do you do. you wear them not if i'm not on a hike. oh that's his point. that that that's see that's not. when that's not right that's not right. what's not right it's not right. to don't wear them. hiking i i i i wear them. whenever i want and they're not you know. what i don't we're actually off this. topic let's dude i can't wait to. be off but i'm just saying like this. completely derailed i wanted to. show you the heat and everyone's [ __ ] sucky though dude they're not sucking everyone's coming up. my throat that that i don't have. those bro [ __ ] sh sick [ __ ] i don't have actual cleats on bro look how sick those are though this is misinformation no you don't have those those are dope though you should those are dope for hiking you should have those and not the ones i wore those in doing a podcast i'd be a [ __ ] piece of dog [ __ ] those are ill but for hiking. look at the white and purple. ones though just coming in on this. floor just those are dope too how dumb are golfers when they're when they're done golfing and they come in for a drink and [ __ ] and they're just like look at the hyper. blue dude honestly there's no worse. feeling than walking around on. a regular floor with cleats on. i hate it dude. it's like nails on a chalkboard. really yeah i hate it. that's why when i'm in when i have cleats on. i'm in a room i just fly everywhere. i do not walk on the ground. cuz you're saying you hover you're you're not touching. ground that's not true contacts. are still blur i want. to go to the bathroom. i go like that's the that's the dumbest. thing i that has ever been said on this. podcast when i go to. the bathroom i go that's another submission. when i was young. i watched david copperfield fly it. going to end in tears. and then afterwards uh i tried to. fly just like david copperfield had done and i couldn't obviously. and i cried okay oh wow. it did end in tears. we've se seen this guy. before beautiful eyes beautiful eyes here. with the green greenish eyes. uh by the way chris. uh our lord has been exiled so i'm really happy. to say that and announce it to. the world uh but on to. my question what do you guys. think about gen z. slang unfortunately work with a lot. of young people and they say [ __ ] like that's so mid or oh my god i'm literally dying right. now that's fire i even catch myself. saying saying these things sometimes just because they rub. off on me inadvertently and i just i cringe. every time so what do you guys. do in these situations. does it even bother. you guys is it inevitable or am. i just becoming you know. a grumpy old man yeah um also side note house. a [ __ ] is it when you're riding a bus and you get up to. let an old lady sit down uh but she's like nah. i'm good you can't just sit back. down again so you just kind of sit there. and uh you know stare. out the window yeah i'll tell you what's a [ __ ] about being on a bus when you have to. stand and the bus is like stopping moving the most [ __ ] wow it's doesn't say how subit it is it's how [ __ ] it is yeah look dude like this okay trying to. hold on uhhuh all right. okay i and npc. jerking a guy off. um all right so uh what did. he say uh yeah i think i you gota there's look. slang's just gonna keep slanging we hate it. language changes d what are. you gonna do yeah if you want to. do it own it 100% yeah you can't. you got to be like dude. that's fire be a 40yearold and be like that. is absolute lit that is fire. yolo you know what i'm. saying yolo is not a one. anymore but like if you just be like yo dude. that is so oh that's mid dude. oh dude that you know. you don't like these shoes. those are mid what is mid. it means not like not as not good. like oh like not terrible. but like it's okay like middle what is bas. the bas means that's true. b true yeah oh okay. it's i know doesn't it sound. like it's a negative thing. yeah i know i thought that. too when i first found out. first heard about it bas. is good bas is good. yeah okay like if i go if i go yo. dude check me out and someone's like based they like me. based yep based what is riz is. like charisma so that's me no it's like you can r a girl. you can r a girl. so i'm bas riz i'm just basically bas rz. no cap even with this. thing i'm cap cap based rz. no no no cap when you say that. cap i'm captain based no. no no it's not captain say you're based you're based no. say i'm based i'm based uh cap rz. captain based rz that's me that. is literally who i am i mean. that would be the episode. the the title of episode. and we're so trying to. get clicks you know. captain based rig rig what w. captain based riz dude wow all right. come on down to. captain bas captain hey we got to. talk to captain bas rz. well finally said it once. right he's a dude. hey dude he's like one of those tik tok. guys with with the [ __ ] you know the stupid haircut. that they have all the tik tok. people hey what's up. man i'm the captain how about the young. guys with hair that's like this. it's terri well that's what i'm talking. about it's like their head is. skate park that's what i'm. talking about that's the worst. hair dude but that's what. i'm talking about and now you're acting like youa because you're saying how about like we weren't. already talking about that this. right it's like this you just put two hands up. but it's not in the front. it's in the sides like a bell. their head is a skate. park yeah it's congrats. guys your head skate. par we're all talking about the same. thing and it's absolutely it. bothers you so much me when somebody says something. similar to. what you said yeah no nobody's negating what you said. they like agreeing with. you that's not it though. it's when you try to. say it like it's something. that we haven't been talking about but that that is your own. you're making up that part. because how could like you just said. it well how could you assume that. i'm like he didn't say. that now i'm making it. up and saying it like that's not a thing. anyone does cap riz dude. you know what cap is right. no it's a lie cap is a lie. cap you're lying and if if i say dude. i had the best burger. last night no cap. that means i'm telling the truth. about the burger right. no lie okay okay i'm captain. bas riz not captain based rz. i'm captain based riz dude. that's all there is captain rz. on base yeah all right. all right next one what's up. matt and chris second time call i appreciate you. taking my call the first. time got a quick one. for you uh being a groomsman in a wedding. i think it sucks oh yeah. it's so much with the tu and the bachelor. party just it's a lot. i hate doing it. so much i've done it. like three times and the balls. to say uh no thank you. so awesome though that's the thing. but am my bad purse. for that are you allowed. to say no if you can got any tips. on how to. do it here's the deal. you can't really no no. no no no no you cannot. say no to. that you can't but here's here's the deal. though if you're a good guy what you do is um not you get your you you if i only get married. i don't gro men it. sucks i pick all my enemies. to be my groomsman so they have to. do it and they don't want. to yeah when i got married. i asked he was still alive. i asked osama bin. laden to be one of my grooms men mh and he it. sucked for him and it. was great cuz i pun him. my grooms men were you know. and we had osama on double. duty cuz i had osama been on my on my wedding. both weddings both weddings in the pictur hitler. uh uh bill gates because he was trying. to make one world bank. and so just the a world class. idiot what you just said. and i don't even like people with trackers one. world bank he's trying to. make a one world bank. people with trackers joe biden because he's a lizard. okay joe biden because he's a lizard. holog alex jones and and a bunch of frogs. cuz they turned to. water gay so wow i don't even. know that one that's a one. frogs turned water gay something. that's what alex jones said. it's the other way around frogs. turned water straight frogs gay oh water. turned the frogs gay. yeah oh wow that's so confusing. sorry my bad uh yeah seriously. frogs turn the water gay. wow have you heard about this. uh my my wedding every all the grooms were all the grooms in were in isis. but no goad no i'm kidding just. a whole brigade of isis. i would like to. give a speech there's somebody behind him. like there here uh madd's getting. married i never knew him. but just terrible just beheading. someone so terrible. okay go what going say. my mom just like this oh it's nice. though you should asked nick. maran but it was what an idiot. dude well you you said something. no one even said anything. and you said what you were. going to say something. you got mad when i said the isis. thing cuz you were going. to say something no no. i was joking that was a joke. jokes on you all right. well no you're not a bad person. dude you're just a popular. guy you're solute you should be meanor to. people so they don't ask you to. be in their weddings when someone you when you know. someone just okay when someone propose. a friend of yours. proposes to their soon. to be wife oh wow. that's funny you start. being an outrageous [ __ ] to. them and then once they've picked their wedding. party you're super nice again. then you don't have to. be in the wedding party it's so funny. to be this guy this. is like the third time. to to do it again. like to think it's going. to happen again andbody like dude. asked her to mar for. him to look at the text. and be like this right. because he's tired of being an [ __ ] yeah because he's such a good guy deep down. yeah also maybe look less like you listen. to the big bad budha daddy. stuff and that's just a note. for your personal life is it. big bad voodo daddy. that's the name of the big. bad voodo daddies that's it. is that right no big bad. big bad voodo daddies. is a band is that. right chris big it's yeah. i already know it's right. i i don't ask me. if it's right is it right. chris uh it's yeah right. who's the one that goes suit. ryan come on is that. them i like that [ __ ] dude. yeah i like that [ __ ] it's nice b. bad voodoo daddy that's what i said. not daddies yeah see i knew. something was fishy no no no no. it's the big bad voodoo daddies. no no see i knew something. was fishy about what you said. oh that sucks bro it. was so close for like 20. years i didn't know you did. what mom did does. i did you added an s i did. i didn't know it was a [ __ ] 20 20. years it should be daddies. the big bad voodoo daddies. it should be the big. bad voodoo daddies should be yeah. look at those look at all. of them look at all. those daddies do they sing. zuu riot there's too many. people in that b no. that would be the cherry poop. and dad cherry and daddies. that's what i was doing. cherry popp and daddies. are ry come on ryan come on which one they do. the you and me in the bottle makes 3 tonight big. b vooy that's them. yeah okay they're cool too you. and me and the bottom xgreen. tonight yeah what imagine. counting yourself with a bottle you and me make bottle make three tonight it's a thing. yeah okay hey the three of us. a song yeah no i'm not i'm into. literal songs though okay. you and me that's two and then a bottle tonight that's what it. should be you know. a bottle and then you and me but they a bottle is a thing. and you and me are in the same. group it's a duo so literal. put just like this flipping. the woman over over flipping. the woman over the arm dude. swing dancing like this here's the thing about swing dancing yeah it's very cool that people can do that and it looks cool but why would you do it always what i say always what i say about almost all dancing but why would you do it what i say about almost all dancing tango doing the tango is very cool it's hard to. do it's physically impressive it looks. beautiful why would you do. it that's what i say. always about most dancing break. dancing break dancing the number one. crumping crumping is very cool. to look at very difficult. why are you doing it. well that's why i always say about dancing. why are you doing it. that's why i say about. dancing but stop saying that. after every single thing that i say. because when when you dance okay. so dancing though if you dance and the thing is music. is going and you go. all right cool yeah that's cool. why would you do it. not why would you do. it right no why would you move. to music it makes nothing can make more sense. but doing a stylized dance why. would you do it a specific. dance with specific a [ __ ] musical. it just it's confusing yeah. what the [ __ ] is this westside story sit the [ __ ] down oh so angry about it you know you know hey what are you a jet. well that's cool learning it for in a number of a bunch of people doing it for show. that's my point is that that's when it's cool. at the dentist dude. when you're a jet you're a jet. all along and a jet is. a jet when he forgot the words well. yeah okay so what else. what else we got we got another one. who else who else we got what's up. guys uh appreciate what you do. appreciate the podcast um you're really. really out there doing the lord's. work hell yeah. well you are um i think that's more you but so i'm listen. you guys for a while um matt. i just watched american animal and it was wonderful. thank you side note i feel like i i don't know. maybe you had talked about on the podcast. before uh but you did the thing. from um that thing you do that. i quit i mean i can't do it. i'm try to. do it i definitely noticed that. anyway i've been listening to. you guys for a while and i don't know. i feel like that subconsciously i've kind of picked up on. some of your mannerisms and maybe some of the comedic. timing um is this me developing a sense of humor. or am i just being a pro. hack all right thanks guys well. that was funny so is just me developing sense. humor or what or was. there a or yeah he said or did. he but you ruined. it by life he said or what. uh here's what's up dude. all of my life i'm sure all of your life. too me yeah well you don't didn't. know me the first few years. but yeah well all of your adult. life cuz you weren't saying words. yet in the first three years. but people have that i've like dated become close. friends with spent significant amounts of time. with together over whatever work whatever. they've ended up talk more like me. than they we're tr lasers. next what we're trbl lasers. next question no i just think people this. is just true hi i'm clyde. drexler next question this is just true. about everybody i think like if someone speaks very particularly in a specific. way then other people around. them who might not speak in a more in such a specific. way will start to. speak in that specific way as well. it's true of accents i don't. know if you notice people like when they're around. english people they start to. sound a little bit more. english same thing with southern. accents it's true. of accents um uh pace. of of of speech cadence. like draws all this. [ __ ] so it's not like anthony anthony simmons nice to. meet you you're not like ripping. no like stealing from other people. or even like aping them. it just is like a natural thing. hey chris murray over. here but yeah why you keep saying. names dude who the [ __ ] is chris murray. they're they play for the trailblazers. is that what you were. just [ __ ] googling you ass no one knows who chris murray. is dude ryan rert ryan rert i. mean i don't i only know clyde drexler. clyde drexler's the man. dud okay but that was from a long. time ago but that's when i used to. pay att basketball and so i googled and [ __ ] there's a bunch of different guys wait are they the triers aren't even a team. anymore no i know so that's what i really don't get here because it says scoot. henderson and deandre aon and shaden sharp. and malcolm brook i mean. these are like japanese guys that's exactly. what i thought of dude. the the japanese baseball game video. game so funny man. um yeah they're not a team. anymore are they no they well they moved and i think they have a new new team. so maybe that's what it. is then okay somebody that's what they were saying. but a new team. name and everything but yeah no that's i don't think it's exactly. you getting a sense of humor. either you're obviously funny already you're just like unless he didn't had gravitated. towards this because it made you laugh. and that you have your influences it's like yeah. it fostered your sense. of humor let's put it that. way yeah yeah and it's f. it made your sense of humor. bloom now listen you're too. old to figure this out like a beautiful. flower it's all good you're already doctor you're too. old but look you know i wonder what kind of doctor he is. i wanted to know. and he didn't say um well maybe he's doctor of the soul which would be good. because now he knows how to. make people laugh um the portland trailblazers. are still they are team. they are they're still in portland. and the tra lasers and they compete. that's awesome i didn't i thought they moved they're the portland. tra laser still yeah. dude why did we both. think they weren't a team. anymore i fully thought they had so did i yeah that's like the i know the suers sonics moved maybe that's why i'm mix i'm like glomming. them together no but why trailblazers though. because they're the pacific. northwest portland and seattle. are similar that's why i mean. i don't know could be it. could be it so how could you change and move. the seattle superponics that the coolest. team name ever because it sounds incredibly gay. oh super sonic but that makes it cool. [ __ ] it i agree yeah but i feel like the nba was like this is kind of outdated. because it sounds gay. iic why but yeah i think going. david stern is like this. is too gay we got to. get rid pretty gay donald. sterling just like yeah we don't. like that because i'm racist. you know yeah okay anyway ss. sc all right do another one. yeah sure hey matt. hey chris so got a quick. one most beautiful how would you cope. with being made to. spend a lot of time with somebody um who is constantly cracking. jokes but you just don't find. them one bit funny this. person i'm talking about is constantly like quoting step. brothers or quoting bor which are funny. movies but i just think quoting them. has been dum to. death at this point um or they'll like repeat. something that i say with a slightly different. accent and then laugh that's what makes it. difficult they're always laughing at their own. jokes right after do they say it. oh and i only have the energy. to give so many fake laughs back. to them before i'm just leaving. them to laugh at their own. jokes everybody that does that. not laugh back at them. which just makes me look like the miserable one. so yeah any advice would be appreciated. um and i don't have a jordan with the slam. but i think i do a good jordan with the slam. so jordan with the slam wow. that was pretty good it. changed he didn't have the english. accent anymore yeah yeah it was pretty good so wait hold on um i have a buddy that that does that and i say uh for me it helps for me in my soul it helps when i say hey why do you do that i i asked and then what does he say i don't know i guess i just do that because i don't know i get into. kira and and oh wow. really yeah oh that's and i said yeah. but you don't have to. do that why don't you stop and he's like i don't i can't. help it i don't think i can help. it i swear to. god this was a conversation. i had with him wow he got real. real fast uhhuh yeah i would imagine glad. did it i would imagine the answer. would be because i think it's funny. he just says cuz he's insecure. yeah no no he well i'm talking about. specifically the laugh after the thing. that yeah i know. but i would imagine they laugh. afterwards because they think it's funny. no no no no because they'll be like oh yeah. nice hat oh you know it's it's like it's not like that. it's like and i say like bro. why do you do that. and he's like do what this. guy you know i get what you're saying. but it made this guy made it sound like the guy he's talking about actually. thinks he's hilarious that's that's a little different than what. i'm saying yes yeah yes like if you're doing. a stepb brothers quote like this guy doesn't do step. brothers quote talking about that's it's just dude what is. it's frankly the guy you're talking. about i would like 100 gazillion times. you do like him oh okay. yeah but i'm saying in a vacuum. that's so much more yes likable. than someone who thinks they're [ __ ] most. hilarious person will stop saying of course while i'm talking should so um but yeah i i absolutely. hate uh that [ __ ] and i i i don't know i can either not be around that kind of person. or i want to. be around that person as a study. but but i can't do the middle. i can't be like okay. that's a friend now i have to. be like hey bud you know in my head. i'm around you because you're so interesting. and what the [ __ ] is going on through. your head or i can't ever be around. youh you make the i that [ __ ] [ __ ] is so hey dude don't do that kind of joke. what joke the step. further well yeah but the worst. part is laughing at it. afterwards n here's what here's what you do. just you're already doing it. stop giving him the satisfaction. of a fake laugh don't laugh. fake laughs too much. and then and then when you don't laugh. and he's so he does the step. brother thing he laughs he thinks it's hilarious. he's he like you know. looks down because he's like laughing. so hard when by the time. he looks up this is what i want. him to see you doing. this it yeah that's only going. to help that's not going. to help the guy though. the guy will still do it. you don't think be like what's happening. and then you can say look. i want you to. see the face i'm making i'm not even smiling. i understand but i think i think that what that does. i think it would only make that. guy feel bad i don't think it'll help. the situation at all and it will. make the guy feel bad so how do you avoid. making them feel bad for me. you say why do you do that. what's what is this. do you think it's funny. or what's going on cuz you always do it. you qu step brothers. that's just a movie that you saw. to me that would feel better. yeah i couldn't agree more. that's the right oh okay. then that's the right. thing also you don't feel bad. cuz you're like if you come at it. where it's like yo what. is it that makes you do that. curious yeah i want to. know yeah i find it interesting. because it is interesting. then it you know also then you might get them. to actually then you might yeah right. you might you might and you probably won't. i mean you might still hurt. his feelings cuz people sensitive about being asked about. things they do cuz they implicitly. think oh they're saying it's stupid. or whatever you know but there's nothing you can. do about that you got to. be able to. ask friends why they do what they do. yeah my uh my context. is still blurry and it's really. frankly [ __ ] pissing me and i still got my headache i took my nose thing out didn't really make a difference it helped me breathe it made me feel better. but it wasn't helping my headache. i'm so pissed off. about this contact thing man. it's okay but i think i need to. you know what i think i need. to do put cold water. on on my face okay. well what do you think about that. i think that people only do that. in movies and that's not a real thing. i thought about that too. every time i see someone do that. in the movies i think that is a madeup thing that is only a meme. now because movies invented it people. don't it's like people when they're like you can't. you know you can't testify against your spouse. if you're married to. them it's like movie's made that up. dude yes you can be made to. testify against your spout yes but people think it cuz since like what movies it you. know i i think people do wash their face with not wash. but like with cold water. but not for the reason. in movies that make movies. will do it because they're like i need a reset. dude yeah exactly that's never happened. okay so then why would you do it. because i feel really [ __ ] tired and i want cold water. in my eyes to. move my contacts. around so it's not a reset. though cold water help. your eyes maybe it'll a reset. actually see you're just you're suck. dude it's not cuz i'm stressed. out though that that's what happens. in movies they go like okay. oh i'm back to. square one that's not what i'm doing. dude it feels good. to put water on your face. like a cold plung you're saying yeah. no to spash your face. with water feels good. you talking about well wait what. do you mean what do you mean. yeah you're talking about splashing. water on your face you think. it feels good wake yourself up. no or or whatever. reason whatever reason you're saying it just feels feels good period. or you're saying it feels good. when you wake up uh either. both okay when you have a headache. when you feel like you want to. wake up yeah interesting sucker. right yeah i think we just do that. people simply feels good robot during. sex sex poot it simply. feels good getting it in his butt. it simply feels good are you. gay no wow it's uh just never mind. dude how about how [ __ ] fantastic. this podcast is and how about how share it. with your friends dude patreon dot com. lifeline luxury to. get on our lifeline luxury. patreon [ __ ] uh grow or die. is available my special and go. see me in phoenix i will be in oxnard and brea and albuquerque. and el paso and a bunch of different places. go to chris dot com. to get tickets thank you very much i got my new solo. podcast coming out soon the private. record go follow follow us on instagram. and on tik tok. and go go subscribe. on youtube to. make sure you get the notifications. when we start dropping. episodes which will be very soon. who am i moses brown. what am i d who am. i dup wath dude. the names of these what. are you saying what are you the names. of these trailblazers are crazy. oh you're still on the trailblazers. you uh you want to. be on this show you got a question. you need some advice click on the link. in the description below or go. to watch lifeline dot com you want one. inone advice with me matalia. go to mata. dot com and of course if you want the merch. go to lifeline merch dot com. nice wow yeah it's nice. it's nice and give the gift. of lifeline luxury to. people you love care. about because it is great. patreon dot com lifeline hello. hello hello h hello hello hello 