 runk hello hello hello hello hello anyway i'm in australia. anyway anyway i'm in australia so uh so have a good time. there and i'm also in americans. i'm also in a i i put a bunch of dates. out chris dot com. um check it out um nice you know. what i'm saying duth minnesota. noce memphis tennessee dallas texas. wit talk kansas go get tickets. oh and san diego [ __ ] uh we got another banger here of an episode. and um you can check out. matt's podcast private record on his subscribe. his thing and uh also mine congratulations. and then also go on over. to our patreon right. now and get exclusive stuff. you get the exclusive episodes. you get the live show. you get everything uh patreon dot com. lifeline luxury if you got a question click the link. below and uh this is the merch. right here lifeline merch still got the old. school spin spin move mentality um people. still come up to. me at shows and they say the spin move mentality. stuff yeah that really took off you know. what's crazy that was you literally said that. in the first episode oh really of the show. how do you know. that you just remember i remember your longterm memory is good it's so is it. is it the shortterm. memory when does the shortterm. memory become longterm memory that's the thing. that's a good question. you'll forget it for a while. and then remember it again. after it becomes long. i guess i mean i don't understand. how that's possible but that is how my brain. works i think longterm memory different. parts of your brain right. but it's also important things you know. and not always in my cas well. important to you maybe i don't know. i don't like it is. what it is it's just like dude. good soap man. you have good soap in the studio. what's he got i don't know. it smells nice i had the bad. soap at home for a while. and you got to. go through it you know and you wash your hands. and it's like what is that. like bad scent yeah it didn't smell. good to me that's not. good it's good to. people i guess but not to. me i did not like it. yeah i don't like like scent. i guess it's fine. if it's muted it's just too strong. yeah when it's too strong. it's never good yeah and it's usually cheap. when it's too strong this. is just like cheap basic. so it's like soft. soft soap soft soap. is good though in it. hey dude in it. okay soft soap is the stuff. you anytime you're in like a major chain. that's the way to. go method is good too. so just so everybody. knows are you saying inu it into. it into it. uh method is good and there's another good one. that i don't remember but i'll tell you maybe next week. who knows wow i don't remember it. i saw it the other day. oh it's myers right. isn't that soap yeah it's like so annoying. it's like the oldfashioned bottle yeah yeah yeah i love it. into it yeah i like oh so it's annoying. now you're doing it though. yeah i like it um i took five um the uh what do you call. it the cium husk do. you ever take that do. i take that let me. think about you know. such a little brother. there's your answer let me. see do i take that. let me think about the don't doing. imagine doing it in a business. meeting um no as like a contractor like if you're building. someone's room in a house. and you do that um i i took selum husk yesterday. i took a little bit extra. than i normally take wait how long have you been taking it and what what is. what is it for so it. congeals your poop your crapping. congeals your crapping okay. and it works i guess yeah yeah i don't they say put a teaspoon in in your water. and just drink it. i put a little bit more. than a teaspoon in it. this time and did it extra congeal it's better. they should tell us to. do more maybe you just need a little bit. more than most people probably cuz your cuz your crapping. need extra congealment uhhuh it's great. dude it's great okay. and i don't i don't know i go. a lot up i go. four five times a day. what no you don't yes. i do that can't be right. what dude that's correct that. is crazy never even. heard of that i saw somebody post. the other day it was like first time. i went all week thank god. finally and i was like all week. bro i've found that that is much. more common that's bad with. women oh yeah yeah yeah yeah well i don't know. who knows that's just us. thinking that it's anecdotal it's women. it's anotal you know it's anecdotal wow. you know really didn't want want to. throw that one out there. it is anecdotal though i'm an anecdotal list. no okay so um yeah anyway. he left i know you said no. but he left so takes all kinds you know do remember when you know what i was thinking. you know i was thinking of is. how hard our cousin. laughed at at the me doing. the i don't i think this is kind of funny. show everybody i will here i'll just play. i don't think it's even funny. honestly you really don't well no let me. i think it's funny i don't think it's not funny. it's it's not something i like laughed at okay. so i just wrote i was watching a movie. yeah and i this person did this. in the movie and i i i said i recorded it and i sent. the video and i said me. getting head yeah so send it to. them now head left 2 mim that. won't work you got to. send it to. them so they can play. it and we can see okay. okay oh you're right. no he's not going to. be able to. do that he's not going to. be able to. do that no that computer's not connect remember. we've been over this. what about if i air. drop hey it's too old to. get air drop put it in in post. text it to. yeah yeah yeah i'll put it in post. okay so play it and then he'll put it in a post. okay as you played it. head left 2 mm there it was. okay now you guys get the joke. everybody's it's funny because you could see the lady. say had left 2 mm and if somebody said that while you were doing. it i don't really i obviously. i get it i'm so specific i want you to. be doing what i want oh. dude i didn't even get it. oh really what did you think. i thought it was talking about. the smallness of your crank. it's 2 mm oh yeah. no she's saying head left 2. millimet yeah right right right. right right right right right. right i get it now. anyway i thought it was that's funnier. than i thought i thought it was pretty. funny i didn't think it. was like a riot right. jordan straight up said that's the funniest. thing that you that's the funniest joke. you made since tony lupa said hike. but now explain that when i was in high school. i had a singing teacher. his name was tony lupa crazy. that you did that but okay. i wanted to be a singer. bro i i [ __ ] love i love it i'll sing hard i'm not that good no. we know but and tony lupa sounded like this. and somebody said i don't even really know. what set the joke. up but it was something. where like yeah it's like yeah. that like tony lupa on the football. team or something and i and i and i just said hike. that was it bro jordan thinks that's so funny. wow i love those things. though hike you love. what things the things that you don't. know are coming that happen. and then legitimately change your life. like like in your family like the the jokes. that happened like the like when dad went look at this. yeah who knew that was going. to happen right then and then it happens. and then it sticks with you. forever so you like you know you know it. happened the other day. when dad said bumpy and [ __ ] it's bump it's all bumpy [ __ ] that's going to. be for the rest of the life yeah the life the it'll be for the rest of the life yeah no i get it. man hey [ __ ] you're just describing life i know but things that are unexpected that people remember forever but people don't relish it enough i do i don't take it for granted i love those moments and i i would say arguably i live for those moments so does everyone that's what life is stupid dude no people do not live for those moments dude people do not care and appreciate those moments enough may maybe okay okay okay okay that's okay i was about to. get pissed but i wasn't because i knew that. you thought you didn't think. about it enough once. you came around see now. what i don't like what you're doing. saying you as if you knew better. than me i don't like that. i'm going to break. your finger if you keep pointing at me. but let let's just say something. for this instance i did know better. than you and that's okay. sometimes people know better. than each other it's not okay. i don't accept and i refuse. to ever hi that's what i did. i think i did hut hut first. oh and and jordan just and i was like man. no the the hut hut hike. is very funny that is funny. but the the the that one. is not that funny and he was like dude. it's so funny i'm going. to think about it. later when i'm going to. sleep yeah and okay all right. all right had left two. millimet so gay to. think about you getting a blood. job before before he goes. to sleep in uh incest cuz he's your cousin. all right well all right. disgusting you know speaking. of incest let's get to. the first question that's not speaking. of incest hey guys joel from jacksonville. oh yeah i had a question. about pets uh me. and my wife got a dog. about a year and a half. ago and he seemed super cute. from jum down on the side. of the road and he was like half. near death got him. back going and once we got him. going we realized he was terrible. and he had huge behavioral issues. like fighting other dogs. he bit me multiple times. that like all stitch worthy bites. what and we came to. the point where like we got to. get rid of him yeah couldn't get rid of him. just like emotionally stayed. with him and now he's actually kind of like a good dog. oh foggy yeah so do you think you. should just get dogs. that are like perfect and ready. to go or stick. with like the muts and work. through them through the trials uh yeah let me know i mean. it's definitely possible. but the bites are crazy. like if that normally i would say stick. through it you got the dog. you made a decision it. was a big life decision. you shouldn't have take it. lightly if you did but if you did take it. lightly that's on you you got to. keep the dog i don't understand. these people that are like well. we decided we're moving and uh the new place doesn't accept pets. it's like no you find a place. that accepts pets pets. aren't lamps right right. right you don't just get to. trade one in or get throw one. out when you don't [ __ ] want it it's a living thing anyway uh obviously you did those above and beyond dogs biting you stitches multip down for that multiple times i mean that's crazy obviously you ended up making the right decision but you wouldn't have been in the wrong. if you were ultimately like we can't have this. dog it's literally biting me the medical. bills are are adding upic bills um and i need my arms yeah you do need your arms man. but that's that's awesome that that. [ __ ] worked out the dog well yeah it so far you don't know he's going to. bite again dog it's not like bite dogs. are in 24/7. a dude i read a story the other day. read a story you said yeah. i thought you said wrote a story i wrote a short. story the other day about a family. that just had a baby. t no we won't talk. about it it'll make me. sad don't care they had a baby. and the family dog they've had for like seven. or eight years not one. incident with even another dog. let alone a person dog. mauled the baby in its crib. killed it bro i i mean. you know i went pat. no dude you don't own. life i know but bro. it was obvious where that story was going. why do i want to. [ __ ] hear about that [ __ ] you don't own or control life. of all the [ __ ] things to. [ __ ] not to. to to to to to blow through. the tat nos you don't own. or control life life happens. and some sometimes we don't like it. dude the worst romantic comedy. life happens i guarantee you. there's a movie called life. happens i would bet yeah and i guarantee. you in it um it's a romantic. comedy life happens and it's with har conic. j j butler con j oh whoa. oh my god it's a kristen. ritter movie we should have known. oh i love her 2012. oh i know a lot of the people. that's so random whoa 2011 huh. wow it was in indie i should have. known it was in indie what was i. thinking nah saying it was a jw butler movie stupid. so stupid but i said uh harry conic jr. yeah you did you were wrong. too although harryc conic might even be in it. just lower billing all right. um anyway the eyes upside down you know. got real creative with it. wow uh cuz life isn't as it seems exactly. every movie you could watch every single movie. you watch you can say this. and and it makes sense. in 20 20 minutes in you. go like this man i don't think things are as they seem i think they're in over. their heads okay not every the tagline. on this is a comedy. that's a real mother. oh well she obviously gets pregnant. and keeps it y and it happen. life happens life happens life literally life. happens right that's what they meant. okay i get it well there's no way. around the fact that life does. happen so the title. is just yeah broadly. true no matter what and i go. but that's crazy that you [ __ ] i don't like that uh story you told and i i wish it. to be uh struck from the record. oh life happens struck from the life. record all right and that happened. and that's life next one. i mean you know can't get over. can't stop listening to. tony bennett life happens hey guys so i just moved two years ago. that's not just from new hampshire. to san diego because my parents. are from here and after i graduated high. school they were like wanting to. move back okay. um but i still go. to college on the east. coast oh boy so i don't really know anybody in san diego. i've been here for two. years i have like one friend but we're not super close. okay um and it's been really hard. to meet people like all my neighbors. are older um you know i don't i haven't really connected. with anybody from my work. too much um so i guess. i'm just looking for if you have any advice. on like how to. meet people in a new place. when you don't have any mutuals and you didn't grow. up there um so yeah well you can meet people. at my show in san diego. july 20s something crystal dot com. uh yeah this is hard. i've been so let let's just break this. down just before you even. get into it. she goes to school. on the east coast. she grew up in the east coast. her parents moved to. san diego she moved to. san diego so she's probably in san diego's. during the summer is what she's saying right. uh probably yeah cuz she's still in school. right yeah so she's in san diego. during the best time to. be in san diego during the summer. it's nice beach stuff going. on like so uh how does she meet people. okay go ahead well all that. was what she said i i i delineated when i delineated the type of season. and i delineated and i did a lot. of delineation okay yeah the season. okay it didn't doesn't really. apply because it doesn't really matter. if it's summer or not. though go to. the beach go to the beach. oh oh but it's december. 25th oh okay so you don't. go to the beach and meet somebody then you go. to christmas party wow i lot. of delineation respect the delineation. okay so uh i this is hard. i think people right now definitely now more than any other time. people are like having a hard. time making and then keeping friends. which i guess is cuz the internet. and social but i don't i don't know. it's it's kind of like if you didn't have. friends up at the point when social media. became super popular then it then you're like kind of [ __ ] it's like hard. to get friends m because everybody's even when they're out they're just doing this. you know but i don't know i feel like since there. are enough people in the same. boat that you would think more. people are open to. making new friends because nobody has friends. anymore everybody everybody wants friends. nobody has any friends you that would lead. you to think that it. would be easy to. make new friends but something's going on. with people where they're just like seeming. unapproachable or unavailable actually she does. seem unapproachable to. be honest her yeah well maybe that's her. first i didn't get that but if you did. maybe that's the first thing to. consider maybe i know i'm unapproachable. so i can't talk but like that is a tough thing. to work on though. such a bad feelings being like okay. i seem unapproachable i'm going. to try to. seem it's like feels so fake she seems like she rolls her. eyes a lot she may not. but i'm like oh i don't want to. get my feelings hurt. i didn't get that vi. for okay well then but i'm not a i felt the opposite. i felt like i'm not a [ __ ] though you you can't. say i'm a [ __ ] okay it's not because of that no it's not i guess you're right about that i didn't really probably to. bleep that out come in at. all mind in any way. um but yeah uh i don't know. how do you meet people it's hard. because anytime i've met someone that i maintained. a friendship with it was just. like accidental it just happened. whoopsie what are you doing. later yeah whoopsie whoops you want to. come over whoops let's do. a sleepover yeah but i don't know. i don't know whoops what's your favorite. color what do you say. um yeah i i uh i i mean. look it just takes time. and unfortunately here's a good. thing i mean look you probably. love new hampshire. i don't know maybe you don't but it's probably. beautiful out there a lot during certain seasons too i. know m like when to. bring up seasons but you're you're in san diego. now and you're in there. in the summer which is really awesome. um it just takes time. and it sucks as you're not. there long enough well that's the thing. like if if it's true that you're only there in the summers dude. of course you're not going. to make friends how about get a summer. job what get a summer. job she has one she said she doesn't really make friends. at work okay so which makes me. think it's not just she's there. for the summers but i digress. or but maybe no maybe she maybe she has a job online. maybe she also works in a job. that doesn't deal with people. you know for the summer. i think she implied that there. are people at her work that. she's had a hard time. making friends with making friends at work okay. but al wait she could. be done with school. does she say she's still currently. going to school. like maybe maybe she's done and now she lives in san diego. here's what i think either. way you're new there two. years at most you've spent at most you've spent what half. if you're still in school. half for that time. uh and that's not that's not a lot. of time right yeah to. friends give yourself some time be easier on yourself. don't beat yourself up about. it yeah i don't think that's that. long i agree yeah and uh i think also it can be so overwhelming to. be like everybody has friends. except me that's what we always tell. ourselves when when we're not doing something. that we want to. do you look out. at the world and it seems like everyone. else has that thing figured out. everyone besides you that's not true. so many people in the country. right now are suffering from some version. of loneliness or friendlessness. and just i think just knowing that will not. only make you be easier on yourself. but make you feel rightly automatically like you. have something in common. with people that you might be coming across yeah. and if you think of it. like they want don't think of it. like i want a friend i want this. person to be my friend. think of it like they want a friend. too because the chances. are actually quite high that. they do so it's kind of like a mindset. thing also you actually really do have to. put yourself out there. friends are not going to. come to you uh but i understand. it's like the thing nobody wants to. be friends with someone who's like hey be friends. so there's like this balance. that is tricky but two again. just two years not not that long. of a time yeah i agree. you're young you're going to. make friends a lot of friends. at my show july 20. something in san diego. christ dot com send her tickets. mco reach out to. her she she'll give her one. ticket she has no friends. no give her two tickets. okay um yeah bring a friend. yeah no and have her however. invite someone to. the show that's a friend. there we go you can. only come if you invite someone. how about that there. you go all right figured it out. all right cool nice. he literally just got you a friend. i was at the gym. the other day so so quick i was leaving. and some guy walks in shoot. the [ __ ] for a little bit i hate this i'm just trying to. leave say have a good workout leaving. and he says behave why why. is he telling me. to behave this guy. this guy is [ __ ] 31 years. old he's probably 32 years. old behave why is he telling me. to behave he's not anyone. why do i need to. behave if anything this [ __ ] guy needs. to be a and so i that's f. it [ __ ] drives me crazy after the fact obviously i'm in the moment this guy i'm just trying to. leave so i'm i'm just as bad i say. oh you too yeah but well yeah what are you. gonna do dude that's funny. i i i the last you want to. hear there's a name drop the last. person that told me to. behave josh dell it's a thing. people this guy doesn't understand. it's a thing some people say. when they're saying bye to. somebody it's like be well take care. a little different because josh said behave yourself. out there that's a little different than behave it's a little austin. powy and like a behave yourself dad. like a chummy thing behave but it's the same. thing this guy's taking it wrong. also i was on a murdering sprit and i was completely. bloody yeah and he goes uh oh chris behave yourself out there. and i go you're right. and i stopped killing yeah well. then yeah he saved. lives while he did that too. it's really impressive josh so. he's not just a hero. in transformers thanks josh okay so yeah. that's something that somebody say. uh what's the thing that. people say where they're like behave or don't. do anything i wouldn't do and if you do name. it after me what's that. one that i don't know. that at all don't do anything. i wouldn't do and if you do name. it after after me what's that. one that's not something just made it. up you've heard that i've never heard that. yeah okay nobody has except him. okay well i made it up. then i thought it was something. out there some maybe something i could coin behave is just a shorter. version i'm to. start saying that of an annoying. of the kind of annoying. thing people say when they say bye. to someone it's fine. dude i hard disagree. with this guy he doesn't actually mean. don't be don't do anything. bad out there in the world yeah. it's the same thing as saying. take care it's literally the same. thing it's two syllables. behave i mean think guy. has such issues with his parents. you know yeah dude you're not my mom. actually so don't know what to. do yeah that's what it. seems like it seems like you need to. go to therapy dude. you get so mad. at somebody saying behave in like a colloquial sort of just like yeah. but i get it though. dude why cuz it's like bro. stop trying to be different. just [ __ ] say i know i know but he's trying to. be a little quir it's like just say bye. dude dude who cares. i i get what he's saying. who cares who cares. ultimately yeah yeah it's nothing. dude i'm going to. start saying behave just austin. powers feel stupid saying behave to. everyone just despite this [ __ ] dick. head okay well he's my enemy. you're my enemy that's all. in your head it doesn't matter. although it probably bothers him. now too because no i'm just kidding. you're not really my me. i still like you all right. next one next one oh yeah look at the kicks. what's up m chris it. is your favorite sneaker. head it's been a minute. but i'm back and no i am not fred. dur so both you guys are. very stylish you have your own. unique styles which i appreciate i. feel the same way about myself. what's your guys thoughts. though when it comes to. the panda dunk chris. you know what i'm talking. about everybody has the panda dunk do you guys. purposely try to get items. that you wear that are very limited. or rare or do you not care. if it's something that you like if everyone else. has it so i'm just curious what you guys. thoughts are on these things and uh it's a good question. yeah that's a good that's a good. sho a lot m is pand a lot. of money right there. i love the zombies. right there answer um the panda dunk he doesn't have there. oh it's a kind of shoe. yes oh what did you think it. was i had i thought it. was an expression the panda. dunk is uh the black and don't you have them. makco yeah yeah i i love them. i think they're great they're a great. userfriendly shoe god he's got a niceo everybody. has them i mean user. friendly yeah they are you. could wear them with anything. you know like you could wear them. with everything i like a lot of his shoes. i would never wear shoes. like that that's not my style. i love the i love the zombie. ones which ones are those the one. with the eyes in the middle. the gray ones the dunks. the bottom uh second to. oh yeah i see them. um oh yeah wow he yeah. this are good and then yeah um so i think you wear i i think the bottom line. is you wear what you want. and what you think looks good. it doesn't matter if other people have it does not. matter what other people have do. i understand when it's a thing. like the panda dunks that. just explode on the scene. and then everyone gets them. and then all white chicks. have them and you're like oh this. is so annoying but i mean dude. there was i don't even know if it's still in we're still in that. moment but there was a moment. where you'd go to. a mall or somewhere like if you went to. amusement park you'd see panda dunks. it was it was ridiculous. everybody had that um pull it up. on the thing maybe you recognize. them but um they're good. they're black and white shoes. which means that people use them. i guess wear them. a lot and and they're and they're nike. and they're normal and they're you know. they're dunks so i guess. i can relate yeah i mean. yeah i've seen them yeah. i'm sure you have i they're nice. i yeah i can relate to. let's see i can relate. to the kind of thing. where it's like if i've liked something. for a long time and worn it for a long. time and then suddenly everybody's wearing it. then sometimes i'm like i can't. do this anymore it. seems like right i'm just another [ __ ] who did this but i liked part. of what i liked about it. was that it was more. my thing not everybody well it's like ed. hardy you know like that if you never saw ed. hardy before and you saw an ed. hardy design you might think like oh that's a cool. hat of course i would not it's ed. hardy dude i know but now you see go. that's ed hardy you can't. you can't divorce it. from but you just happen. to pick the wrong. brand because ed hardy. sucks boss i yeah maybe all right. fine um but i point taken. though obviously i understand. what you're saying uh and i agree. but yeah it's hard to. uh that's the only thing like that. for me though if everybody's. doing something and i like it. i'll still do it i'm not the kind of person. and i don't like when people are like oh everyone's doing that. i can't do it dude. if you just by default. or like oh no other people are. doing a thing i can't do it. to me that is the only thing. more annoying than oh other people. are doing this now i want to. do it too just because other people that's funny. but i either one sucks. definitely though am wary when everyone is. telling me something is awesome. i i am i am my default. is like what the [ __ ] is going. on here i'm wary of it. i am not oh they're probably. right that's my default. and then i and then i i might give it more. time to try it. because everyone's coming at me and i'm like let me do my stuff. you know what i mean. but like you know yeah. i get that i get i get that. too but i just yeah. i don't like when people decide what to. do based on what other people. are doing in any version of it. remember when grandpa bam. said never volunteer for anything. no isn't that hilarious my dad's. our dad's dad he said never volunteer. for anything he would tell that to. dad oh to. dad yeah wow ever. never volunteer for anything. which is [ __ ] hilarious. and i love him. for that dude he was the [ __ ] man. yeah he was great. but that is not the right. advice to different generation. bro the guy came well he had a chair he had his chair. yeah how weird is it. that dad has his chair. now did we talk about this. yeah we brought up to. him the other day. yeah yeah he has a chair now. yeah but this is what old. people happ i know i know. that but like grandpa bam. had a chair that he sat. in only him i sat in it. once and i was like this. is so weird and he came directly in and goes like this. oh really yeah that's amazing. i didn't know that and i got out. and i always think about that. h interesting yeah they're both. similar chairs too are. they yeah uh i don't great grandma. melina had a chair grandpa. greg grandpa greg had a chair. yeah that's a little different. well no no that's not really different. actually yeah it is a chair. is a chair a chair. is a chair a chair. is a chair is a chair. is a chair a chair. is a chair poetry so but that's um that's very we distinguish. what are you laughing. at marco oh boy. i'm laughing at a chair. is a chair and he's laughing. at the way i said it. not the way you said. it correct what well. no i know but i'm just saying it. could it i didn't so much. was said i wanted to. know it wasn't he left. at me all right well just i think it. was also set of it. did afterwards i don't agree. the setup was i don't agree. entirely me look i understand. your point but i don't agree. that that's what you laughed. at i think you only laughed at me. i made the bed you slept. in it do you guys. remember the facebook. chairs commercial oh vaguely oh yeah. vaguely was it dude. it was like directed by [ __ ] uh like spike jones. or something no oh in youru. it was like what is it. again i hated the fact that he directed. it for some reason. it bothered me so much. i don't really remember also this. is like facebook's first commercial. yeah i remember they spent like 88. was joke or real no. it's a real real it's a facebook. ad directed by in a joke. i remember i remember this. yeah are we allowed. to play this [music]. yeah che chairs wow chairs are made. so that people can sit down and take a break. anyone can sit on a chair. and if the chair is large. enough they can sit down. together and tell jokes. or make up stories or just listen. chairs are for people and that. is why chairs are like facebook. doorbells airplanes bridges oh these are things people use to. get together so they can open up. and connect about ideas and music. and other things that people [music]. share dance floors basketball what. a great nation it. was just an hour and a half. a great nation a great. nation is build mars. so they can have a place. where they [music] belong. the universe it is vast. and dark and makes us wonder if we are alone. the commercial's over after the chairs thing. by the way what yeah so maybe the reason. we make all of these things i me. do is to. remind ourselves that we are not. no we make all these things. to sit our lazy fat. asses down no no we make all. these things to. sell to make money. dude we don't make great. nations to. s we make great. nations to. sell to make money. so we can sell a great. nation to another other uh country. and then they're that nation dude. and that commercial is the biggest hawken honking. crocka cranking horse sh it sucks you think it sucks. on the te of a sucks. the i mean nothing could suck. the crank of a corporation. more than that commercial the te. dude i sucking on the sucking. on the sucking on the crank. that thing all right so hold. on a second sucking on the crank. of that thing uh all right. so that commercial the reason. why you hate inaru did. it is because he he doesn't need to. do that commercial anyone could do that. commercial it wasn't that. hard to achieve sure but also because he had a bulky scarf. on the whole time. he was doing it and he made $8 million. for doing it and they could have literally gotten the homeless. guy passed walking up to. the building today to. record this episode um i don't like that commercial. i don't that's such a commercial. that would be in 200 like 10. you know it's unbelievable. dude doing that commercial now. it would be the viral. laughing st of the day. it came out like that pepsi commercial. with kylo rener or whatever. her name is uh i mean. dude the star wars. guy no the girl in the family. yeah the the [ __ ] uh kardashian. family carlo jenner yeah whatever the f. carlo jenner dude a runner in the 80s. that's a [ __ ] and there goes carlo. jenner carlo jenner would be a [ __ ] runner that that absolutely murders. in the 80s bruce jenner. no oh yeah yeah i was thinking carl ruined. it yeah you ruined. it thanks r thanks for ruining it going. to be so [ __ ] good and we're going to. have a laugh his [ __ ] life desty i a laugh i'm sorry i mean was i was going to. say he got tested and then he [ __ ] had a huge conspiracy. you know what i mean. it's going to. be so good dude. and he had [ __ ] in the derail got divorced. from his wife and [ __ ] i mean this kind of is bruce jenner. though too you know became a female yeah. carlo carlo rener dude [ __ ] whatever. their name are carlo. jenner it's jeremy renner's brother. um carlo ren you know kylo. ren yeah kylo ren. kylo rener yeah called it stop saying something. different after what i said. i i said kylo. rener is what i said. in the beginning you said kylo. ren oh i did that's the star. wars guy right i i don't know i think so anthony. you're a dor yes it is kylo. ren what's her name actually now. now i have no idea carlos. jenner kylie jenner. ky kye jenner thank you. kylie jenner you remember. that pepsi commercial with kylo. rener yeah i remember. kylie jenner k it was kend. jenner kendall jenner jumbo slice. kimbo slice that that commercial. is tonee oh totally but that that would have been the same. level of like oh my god you guys see this. dumb commercial but maybe not that. maybe not that no the carlos the carlos rener. one was worse carlos rener dude. that was embarrassing that's right. it was about race. oh my god pepsi just coopting black. lives matter for pepsi dude. oh my god wow yeah crazy. uh crazy they thought that was okay. that's so true it is weird. those things kind of things. slip through the cracks. plus you know how many people have to. agree on it hundreds of people. that pepsi were like this. hi mind is good yeah. it is hive mind. hive mind hive mind. yeah but no also for me. i would be like this. no guys this isn't going. to work everyone's afraid they're going. to lose their job oh you like it oh yeah me too yeah. same yeah at a certain point. you're so right dude. people just say yes because they're like oh everyone else. is saying yes it's just like we were talking. about the guy with the shoes. exactly dude it's all coming. full circle now look if i'm if you're walking. down the street and i'm going. like this and i see you do you think i'm gay. no i i think you're really tough it's like westside story it's not like this. is phallic i wouldn't think that well. i wouldn't do this if we were going. to have sex anyway that's a okay. great that's good to. know so i guess you're right. it's about it's more like the warriors yeah okay. next one hey guys so for the past. week my girlfriend and i have been super sick. with it uh which has led us. to debate about the correct way. how to blow your. nose oh boy here we go. oh boy she has been doing. it she takes the napkin. and places both her hands like this. okay and blows yeah i get it. but in my opinion that's the wrong. way because you're blocking your it. allows all not to. exit from beneath the. napkin the way i have. been doing it is i grab the napkin. with one hand and place. my hand above my nose. someone's shooting at so i inures that. if there is any leakage of the snut okay it's not going to. drop on my clothes or on. the couch or on the floor. i'm going to try. but safely drops here. yeah so very nice way. how to blow my. nose in my opinion so far. very ni as you guys. have always issues with your stuffy. nose i am sure that. you know how to. settle this debates let us. know uh we love the show. thank youk you br i'll tell you something. that opened my eyes. cuz i always go like this. are you kidding dude. i thought while he was doing that. i was like this is the most obvious. thing ever you do it like this. you maniac it's not i'll tell you why. it's not maniac why. because it doesn't shoot. so far it just shoots. right under your but that's still maniacal. dude just go like this. it's all enclosed in one. thing and then you throw it. away and nothing gets anywhere no. matter what nothing gets anywhere the algebra. ulus all around your face. you i also said i put a tissue in my mouth. and then do it yeah you blow. make sure it's flat. out and go um i don't uh yeah you really do that i think so i think you do i think i've seen you do. that i do do that. what an idiot okay. well you're calling wife an idiot. yeah i am well i don't [ __ ] i've never had a problem. i've never had a problem doing it. i mean it's fine. i still get the nose. blown sure it's not like i know but but it's still what do you guys. do one hand two i do a combination. of both i do both. hands but i i kind of you. enclose it and okay anthony. i the same what what as what. i mean dude there were two options. there three options three options i do. the same thing i use both. hands i mean i'm over. here i can't like yeah. but you could say which one was it. the one mako did yes. yes jesus christ bro so i'm the only one that's right. out of the four of us. the reason it's better. with one hand is because you can also drive sword. fight you can high five. someone you can do a number of other. things while you're blowing your nose. i have a nose. blower where i have a guy. he works for me and he comes. over and he just puts. you know a kleenex up. to my nose i go. and i say thank you. very much and he says you're welcome. so you have to. blow your nose you call. him he comes over takes so long my nose. is really running that. would suck if you had to. wait that long man. finish it finish it all. right all right yeah we settled. that okay next one hey chris. he m just jared here i need. a bit of advice have the need i have a compulsion. to make a joke. of everything if i'm talking to. a bunch of people or just in conversation. with one other person and it's not particularly. interesting or it's a bit. boring i feel the need to. like twist their words or add something. on extra to. make the situation funny i think i'm known. as being a funny person and i love telling jokes. but i also have an insecurity. about potentially not being able. to add something to. the conversation and just falling. back on the humor because that's all. i have to offer uh do you guys. find you do this chris. do you find you need to. do it i know it's your profession. but how do you feel about. it let me know well. it's different i chris can't. get through a [ __ ] anything serious without making 80. jokes and ruining the entire [ __ ] serious. conversation it's deeper go ahead. i i like making jokes it's really. hard for me to. not make jokes it's so fun. and i always want to. be having fun there's nothing wrong. with that no there's something wrong. with that to always be wanting. to have fun that's true. i don't okay sometimes you got to. have deep conversations but it's nice. to sprinkle a little humor into. the serious conversations if you want. without your wife getting mad. i agree in this case. with your wife sprinkle. my mine it's good. to be funny a lot. of the time but you have to. be able to. stop some i know and i do do that. but i also sometimes if a perfect thing is coming it's going. to be so funny. i will say it and like my wife. shouldn't get mad so you are like this. guy yeah i i do it. mostly all the time if it's there. i'm going to do. it but one time i didn't do. a joke and i still think about it. see i was [ __ ] honestly i was in high school. what was it so we did. a play it was a murder mystery. play and it was in the cafeteria. and it was fun and at the end. of the run of the play. we were going to. give flowers to everybody. who helped with the play. you know the moms that did. the extra work the the the the teacher. the you know it's a lot. of flowers the like six different bouquet. you know oh okay so not everybody. okay yeah all right. well there's a lot i didn't say. it was everybody everybody that helped. majorly there were about six people who helped majorly. the majorly helpers the six top. major helpers got bouquet okay. and uh there was also to. help fund it a raffle uh okay uh fun fund the bouquet. buying no no also a raffle there. was there was there was there was also a raffle there. were people giving bouquets uhuh. and also a raffle okay you shouldn't have said it. that way no i that's exactly. how i should help. pay for it you said to. help pay for it there. was a pay for the production. okay okay at the end of the thing. each play you would say the raffle winner is this. okay at the end of the weekend. they go and we also have bouquet. for the people that really helped. like to surprise you yeah yeah i was standing with jason. mallet wow and jason said hey uh i got the last bouquet. to give to mrs. caswell the teach the teacher. yeah said do you want. to do it or or do. you want me to. do it and i said ah it's up. to you man. whatever after i said that. i thought i want to. do it uhuh because i want to. give her a great speech. and say be holding the bouquet. and then after the great personal. nice speech say and the bouquet. goes to and pick out. a ticket and read the ticket. number okay everyone would laugh okay. but jason m said no. actually i want to. do it i want to. do it i think it's nice. so i i i i let him. do it i never got to. do the joke and i said i'm i said afterwards. to i think dad i was like i'm never going. to be able to. be in a situation like that. again where i can. do that joke and i miss the opportunity. and i always think about it. and now the only thing i'm going. to get is maybe somebody listening to. lifeline being like oh yeah that is funny. when it would be [ __ ] ritish if i did it and i'm never going. to be able to. do it even if i get to. do it now they be like oh yeah i know that. from lifeline yeah you ruined. it for everybody jason mallet ruined. it for everyone no i think you did. you let him you should have said yes. it's your fault all right. it's seething your fault. i mean uh goodwill hunting. goodwi hunting bad will hunting. it's not your fault. it's your fault battle. hunting all right um all right. okay bad steve looking what the [ __ ] okay. bad steve looking hi hi. matt and chris nina from rhode island. n i work in insurance. not very fun to. talk about no [ __ ] that i have a lot of people uh high netw worth clients. that call me every day. and sort of make it seem as though. i've chosen what they pay. for insurance and i'm responsible for the. increase that everyone is right. now um obviously very tactful about it. but i'm dying for some type of funny. or witty thing to. say because i've now said my spiel for the hundredth. time and feel like i could shake. it up anyone can make insurance. somewhat funny or interesting. it would be you guys. love the show thank you thank you. nina hey nina that's annoying. that's so that must be so annoying. well it cuz it's like but i get it. dude insurance rates are going up so much is going on [ __ ] got a house bragon it's all good i mean it's huge a lot of land. but what is why is why. is that happening right. now because dude that's not an answer. it's because back in the 50s you could. go to the grocery. store and spend like 20. bucks and feed so. much but now people can't even buy houses. i don't know i saw a meme. wow straight up the dumbest thing. anybody's ever said to. say all those things in a row. and then say i don't know i saw a meme. it was a picture of a [ __ ] woman shopping at a grocery store. in like 19 880 and she had. like so much [ __ ] and they were like this is $20. and then they were like now this is where people live. and it was like in an apartment. those things aren't even it. wasn't true because the picture also was definitely from earlier. than the 80s because of her hair. do i could tell it. was so missing the point. you know uh wow that sounds like the worst. meme in history it was bad. it was stupid but i i still looked at it. and go huh oh i got you. well it got me in a way. you know makes make you know. what it is it's a thinker. because it's not true. h but it is. true in a way but it makes you think about how is this. true you know anyway let's stop talking about the meme. let's talk about the lady. um what was her name. on cat nina nina i am not sure. so she works for somebody it's not like her. insurance right it's not nina's insurance. yes so then it's not her fault. at all it's like getting mad at the waiter. for the food taking too long. that's her point i think yeah yeah right. right no i i understand. i'm getting clarity so um so say that. i'm sorry you're getting. mad at but that sounds the mater d catty and [ __ ] the food being laid. my bad but no that she wants something. to say that isn't going to. sound do you think my name. is morton i don't my name. isn't on the sign of restaurant. is my name how confused. would the guy be in the back. uh am i mrs. state farm yeah yeah i just i mean dude i don't know i think with stuff. like this i get what you're saying. nina but like when the industry you're working in when rates. go up across the board. people are just going to. be pissed and they want to. part of they think part of what they're now. paying for what's baked into. the price hike. is the license to. be shitty to. the company that they're paying to. and you happen to. be the representative of it. so think of it almost as now part. of your job when when the numbers start going. back down all those people are going. to start being nicer. again you you're not going to. have to worry about this. at all obviously it sucks. but so does a lot. of stuff for a lot. of people right now with jobs. yeah this is just kind of one. of the things that happens. to suck right. now i want to. know why insurance is going up across. the board i want to. know why insurance went up across the board the musical. born the musical insurance the musical. yeah i want to. know why though i've heard about. this recently many from many. different people insurance is like 10. times higher than it was just a couple. years ago but what is that. that shouldn't even be legal. fire insurance is crazy brother uh what is that it's that meme so many memes i'm smart. so many mes um uh uh actually i think matt would think that that's funny. that meme you should play. it pull up but but fire. insurance is crazy everyone's all backed up nobody wants to. give insurance nobody wants to do it because it's you know they don't want to. have to pay out. but insurance companies make hand over fist they make so much money yeah i know that's true. what's this right there. that guy's on a meme brother. oh wow oh wow what's that. what's that brother wow don't you like that. how many views i. mean i yeah it's fine. it's funny i guess 2.6 milon but that's nothing. did on instagram and twitter forget. it i never even seen that. this has this has to. have over a 100 million views. at this point what no doubt. brother o e brother this. one brother what's that brother i wonder what he was talking about i proa i mean. yeah who knows honestly i probably honestly. samesex marriage something like that. definitely something to. do with religion yeah mhm we all. know what he was was probably. talking about right not going to. say anything but we all no. you didn't say it same. se we all know. what he's probably talking about you're talking. about okay probably i don't know. much about that a certain kind of person. i don't it could be anyone. well no not if you know. anything about uh okay not going to. say it so all right. not getting political hey chris. thanks for everything. you guys do um so my question. revolves around this [ __ ] dog that. keeps coming outside my bedroom window. at like 5:30 6: in the morning. what keeps waking me. and my girlfriend up and our dog. who loses his absolute mind. when there's a dog scratching out. our bedroom window the second time. it happened i saw the the owner. oh uh come walk by our bedroom window. at like 700 in the morning. um i appreciate he was trying. to get the dog. back but you can't let your dog. [ __ ] roam around our backyard taking shits and pisses everywhere and also like digging holes. and and uh tearing up the flowers my mom. spends a lot of time. on the garden here and uh yeah just a pain. in the [ __ ] ass i saw the guy at the beach. this morning what and um where do you live. he when i confronted him. about it he goes. i'll make sure to. fire the dog like like it's some joke. or something yeah uh i think it's going. to happen again probably um i don't know what to. do about it if you guys can give me any advice. i really appreciate it. chris i saw you in kitchener and it. was amazing i hope you come back. soon i got a i will i'll be in london. ontario and peterboro ontario i don't. know if that's close i got a [ __ ] banger of an advice piece for you right now dude wo doggy oh god dude now that hurt. my inside when you said. that doggy you guys ready. for this one oo doggy oh god. something [ __ ] terrible right. where the dog puts. his paws when it jumps. up needle a bunch of needles. with no not something violent. something that will be hard. to get a scent. that'll be hard to. get out of the dog. [ __ ] up okay okay okay okay all right i mean just talking over every fuing word. i was saying dud f. because you said the violent. thing and then don't do anything. violent to the dog. that's what i said you. said the violent. thing i know i'm saying while i was talking so go. ahead so put something shitty but not violent. right something like that smells like [ __ ] absolute [ __ ] filthy person butthole i don't want to. interrupt but go ahead you're going to. smell that when you're going to. sleep and it's going to. be awful so don't do something smelling or violent. no you want or or or how about this. something where the dog's going. to slip and go and [ __ ] hurt itself. that's violence that's okay though. cuz you can say oh i was just putting oil on the thing. cuz i was fix in my house. not about moral it's about being able. to be caught yeah no it's about. culpability yeah exactly so you don't you. okay let me go backwards. a little bit that whole. story made me so [ __ ] mad mad that's crazy yeah that's crazy the guy at the beach saying i'm going to. fire the dog that's like the most [ __ ] that guy. he lets his dog. go into your backyard. dig holes [ __ ] up the garden wake you up make your dog go crazy. by clanging and banging on your [ __ ] bedroom window. at 6: a.m. and he's going. to make a [ __ ] joke when you confront him. about hey can you make sure your dog. doesn't do this that's crazy. you have license to. do whatever the [ __ ] you want dude. hire a seal team. obviously you don't want to. hurt the dog but anything. literally anything short of that is fair. game dude how about this cook. a [ __ ] like six course meal. every day yeah yeah yeah yeah put it out get the dog. cuz dogs will never stop eating just make the dog fat. as [ __ ] yeah yeah yeah and have it and and have it be to. where the guy's like what the [ __ ] going. on with my dog he's so big baby. come here the dog. be you n maybe three weeks. go by you know what i mean. and then and then and then and then he's like what the [ __ ] must be from the and watches. the dog comeing sees a full like set. up with plates hot turkey. you know what i mean. like steaming maybe a magazine you know what i mean. like and and and the dog. goes eats it and the goes what the [ __ ] dude yeah you can't you're putting a six course meal. outside of your window my dog. coming up the door he. go like this i always do that. whether or not you have a dog. yeah ah [ __ ] it's my property man. yeah i can do whatever. the [ __ ] i want your dog's are my property. you're lucky i don't [ __ ] you're lucky i don't mize it. yeah you're lucky i don't eating. my [laughter] dinner your dog. eats my dinner every [ __ ] night and i haven't complained once. you [ __ ] i haven't i cook mh i put my food. out of my bedroom window like my wife. and i always do to. eat dinner your dog comes. over and eats it every single 600. a.m. and you have the [ __ ] balls he eats my dinner. every 6 a.m. yeah with my wife. we're just trying to. be a [ __ ] family okay i don't complain. once it's my property yeah. yeah he yeah you're in the right. every step of the way. there you go now what you could. do that's a longm thing you can have it. be something that won't hurt. the dog but will make the dog. diarrhea like a mother [ __ ] inside the owner's. house even because it's like i can't keep it. in [ __ ] yeah dude and it stinks like [ __ ] because the dog gets it all over itself cuz bury in its dog face in the [ __ ] so just put like a big ass bowl of cheap chili even with laxatives in it yeah let the dog just [ __ ] [ __ ] get his whole. head in there and then when and then and then when and the when the dog. be on the lookout. and when the dog [ __ ] in the house. play [ __ ] not like us real loud the kendrick lamar. song like he got him. is that the one. where he goes myff. so loud let me do my stuff. looks like your dog's doing your stuff. huh man yeah i think this. is a good idea um the only thing. is you're going to. have to deal with dog. outside your window your dog. dog going to. be coming back so much if there's and your dog. is going to be going. crazy as [ __ ] again but it it would be worth it um get creative get crafty. with it fun how is the guy. how is this guy going. into your backyard and thinking it's okay. every [ __ ] dude if my dog did that one time to. any of my neighbors i'd be like first of all i'd be like hey dude. i am [ __ ] horrified and humiliated i'm so sorry. move you' i'm never going. to let my dog off. leash again anywhere near your home. this [ __ ] happens every day and then you confront the guy and he [ __ ] has the balls like i'm going to. fire the dog like as if that's just what. dogs do but no but the fire. well it kind of is but also yeah when they're not i understand. i understand but but also the the i'm going. to fire the dog. is like not even a good. joke you know like that's it's a wise. ass joke is what. it is that's what pisses me. off the most oh yeah i guess what i'll do is i'll fire. the dog we don't know. that that's what he was. doing for sure but i do i know. this guy you know. i've met this guy that's wild. so funny not funny but and i i don't recommend. this in any way. yeah but you're on such solid. ground that you could literally. kill that dog and there. would be no recourse as long. he's in canada. so as long as he doesn't call. somebody by the wrong pronoun. he'll be safe you could literally kill. that dog it's on your property. jumping and scratching at your window. yep you could you could kill. that dog and well we don't know. the laws in canada. but as long as if somebody is man. and dressed up as a woman and then comes and says hi. i'm a woman and you say okay. sir you don't do that. cuz you can go to. jail for that jordan peterson um yeah you know. what's bothering me that. i'm not thinking of like a really good. thing that wouldn't hurt. the dog in any way. but i can't right. now so much food. i know but that would be bad. for the dog too the dog. is innocent by the way. the dog is just being a what dogs. do yeah keep the dog. on a leash you [ __ ] [ __ ] or just trap him trap the dog i thought about that too but that's again that sucks with a dog but not really though if so what do you mean what would you do like how like trap him in a big thing yeah you know put the food in the thing like a little piece and then it traps him. and then he's there until the owner. gets him the owner's going. to make for sure the owner's going. to be like all right. i got to fix this. situation yeah right you're not harming the dog. it's just like dude this is my property. i don't want the dog. roaming around on it that makes a lot of sense. oh that's good yeah yeah. or a bunch of paint. you know on the on the thing. and the dog tracks the paint. in your i would get i would as as your garden. too you know yeah true. as annoying as it would be i would have fun. with this try to. have fun with it yeah. that's true yeah try to. have fun i mean hey a free. dog on my property right. you like dogs obviously you have one. you're not going to. hurt the dog so i trust you it. don't hurt the dog. but yeah have fun with it. yeah yeah and and make sure what you maximize. making the guy as pissed. off as possible this is the key. you got to piss. off this guy as much. as he's being so unbelievably non. neighborly and disrespectful it's hard to. hey oh yeah oh hey there was there. was uh uh a cage your dog. cage sorry i'll fire. the cage yeah you're as you. drive away just [ __ ] some people are just unbelievable yeah they're unbelievable man i'm unbelievable but in the in the other way nice in a good way because i work so much so i'm doing a lot of dates at chris dot com go see me in duth minnesota. and dallas nice and in australia. and you're in australia. right now you're in brisbane. right now on stage. [ __ ] was that this episode banging. it wow you're banging it. right now you are banging. it right now okay you know and i'm in san diego. and auckland new zealand. go to chris dot com. uh oxar california san diego wiah peter bro. ontario like i said to. the guy and uh london ontario. go watch him bang. it alabama go watch. chris bang it on stage. thanks a lot guys thanks. everybody sign up for the patreon. patreon dot com lifeline thank you. hell hell hell hello. hello 