 i am the control. i am the i i have i understood this. i've never said it out. loud oh okay but this is a life. hack dude okay go ahead. are you ready for a life. [music] hack runk hello hello hello. hello will hello hey look dude. you're wearing a hat hell yeah. yeah i got a hat well. it's that company dick. who um donnie the dick. you know him hell yeah. dude i i know his instagram really well he uh sends me stuff. and this is a hat from his company and you know i'm just supporting that. hat looks good on you. you look like as you get older. you look better in hats. you look like you i think i look okay. in trucker hats i. don't look okay in any kind of other hat. maybe like a a ski hat. but that's it i don't look. good hat a beanie. yeah like a beanie right. right right okay or no. a full ski mask. i look fine in a full scheme mask. best really cuz then you don't get to. see my face cuz i'm ugly. oh no dude um yeah so anyway uh look check this. out dude it's january 7th. probably no definitely is sun. it is sunday january. 7th without question all. right you want to. get to patreon go to. patreon lifeline luxury pon dot com. lifeline luxury we going make this. even better for you. this year we're going to. make the the lifeline luxury. has been awesome actually and we're going to. be it's going to. be really popping this year. though uh so go on over. and sign up sacramento. i'm coming brea california i'll be. there phoenix arizona el paso. albuquerque kona vancouver bc. added another show sold out. so just uh you know. go to chris lea dot com. and get tickets i'll be there. coming uh to. see you in the city. and i'm even going to. corpus christie texas i've never been damn. yeah um and uh uh you know. if you got a a question or advice. you want to. you know send us a video. click the link down below um my solo podcast. uh the private record is coming out. this month baby baby bing b. bing bing so everybody be very excited about. that if you want to. be on that show as a guest. you want to. come tell us a story go. to the privat. record dot com and submit yourself. as a guest all. right you want oneone advice. sessions with me the bing bong boy. go to mata. dot com and book. a session just like that. and of course if you want the great. merch the lifeline merch go to. lifeline merch dot com. and my special is out grow. or die so go. to chris le dot com. and watch that dude. it's a new year. let's get it started. um yeah if you haven't seen that. you're just you're a bonee head you fix. that what a bone head. you watch it you become a nonbone head. so uh it is the new year. it's 20 it's 2024 and that's crazy. right right it you know. what i remember i remember when it was 2000 no. i remember when i remember when it changed i remember the year. it changed to. 1990 and i was like whoa. a new decade cuz that. was my first new decade. i don't remember that but i was so young. you were yeah you were seven. i was you were six or seven. seven right you were seven. i was 10 no i guess. i was six if it was going. into 1990 right. and you were nine was i yeah oh yeah you're right. 1989 he right right and so um and i remember that. i remember it was with mike. le we were with the leos. and we were like whoa. it's going to. be 1990 wow the leos dude. mike leo was his friend his age. my friend was steve. leo he was my age. atalian yep i just started. following mike on instagram i don't know i don't know if he accepted my thing sad they had an older sister. named lauren and i always because of them. i always wished when i was a kid. i had we had an older. sister really yeah dude. i always wanted an older. sister because of laura in the veo. i guarantee you she doesn't even. remember me cuz it was like i was so much. she definitely remembers you yeah maybe. okay there's no question. right hey you were really memorable. to her yeah i remember um no but i remember being at their house. being like damn there's like a girl in this. house that like lives here really that would be so weird. yeah i mean that's steve. had to sleep over the same. night lauren had friends. over and i was like this. is right this is lit. well this is the riz based no. don't try to. connect to the tik tock. saying dude what up ticktockers it's it's rized it's not rized. it's not r amed dude. no it's not r i'm r. amed that's an actor yep he's a great. actor he was in the the the one. with that john toro was in. oh the night before the night. after whatever it is i've never seen. that yet night after the night. of the night of wow. i'm doing the sequel. and then the third installation. is it good it's really. good it's actually really good i kind see. it man i always want to. see what that that and the leftovers are the things. i'm always like i got to. see that one and those are things both. of which that i like okay. all right how about that. that's good what are we doing. in 2024 how we feeling what do. you do you do res. a do you do resolutions. and b if you do what are they this. year i don't do resolutions. i don't either but i have one for this. year okay so you do them. now well no i mean i historically i don't do. them all right so i have one this year. all right and it it's kind of one. and a half okay. so the main thing is that i want to. start treating myself with as much. respect and love as i treat. my friends and loved ones. such a white woman thing. to say i just i think everybody. can relate to. this though so hard on ourselves and it like it results. in like a shitty mood and like a an ill. reflection of myself yeah and there's no reason. to i'm i care so much. and i have so much respect and like like empathy. and sympathy for people. i love and my friends. and like why wouldn't i extend that. to myself yeah you know what i'm saying. mine's to talk more [ __ ] about you. that's great that's actually so weird. i was just saying the other day. this is so weird. it might have even been yesterday. that to someone that i feel. like we were talking about. siblings and i was like. i feel like i'm probably right. to say that my my brother. is the maybe one of the only people that. knows me that probably never talks. [ __ ] about me no ever that's so crazy. never but all but all but what what. is talking [ __ ] though like i might say something critical about you but i would also say it to. you there's nothing critical to. say about me which is what's crazy. what do you mean. what's talking [ __ ] that's a good question. uh like jordan peterson like well. on on one hand you'll have to. say what is [ __ ] like like what is talking you know here i'm communica him how he does this. or whatever no i've never done. that right i've never done that. ever in my life um and the other thing. the point if i have lord. struck me dead what if that happened. it was on camera. people would never not believe in god. if they saw that like if you happened. to die right. after you said that. but i'll tell you right. now people will never not believe in god. well of course but i'm saying everyone would see the video and think it's actually pretty. compelling evidence i but even still nobody would ever stop believing. in god no one would ever. stop and i believe in horus. christ what are you saying you're saying nobody will ever stop believe you mean you mean will never be a time there will never be a time when people doesn't believe in god people don't believe in god of course not yep there will always be that belief. i believe in horus. that is very obviously true. so i don't know why. you're saying it like it's some because as time. progresses science will become more. obvious obvious and you know but belief. in god if anything it only will just shift. it only shifts but yeah people never not christians muslims jews. we're not going not going muslim. muslim muslim like musini muslim. no oh okay well never mind. then um the other one though. okay the point five is to. tell the people that i love that. i love them more oh cool. oh so you have a two two you have two that's why. i saying 1.5 it's like kind of i get it. i have zero you have. zero resolutions that's just keep to. keep going dude that's a well. that is a resolution. but it's not though i i could not. do it cuz i'm going. to still keep going i'm not. going to do a resolution. but you would keep going even. if it was right. but i have my but my back hurts. same place as it always does i stopped kind of yeah. i stopped working out for 10. days got sick um. traveled a little bit couldn't. work out because i was in phoenix and it was raining like hell. i was going to. work cuz i was going. to work out outside. and then also it was like pouring. so i was going. to go to the gym. and stuff anyway dude. i was sick uh and it it's really. i was i was pretty sick. for two day for one day i was pretty sick. second day i was kind of sick. then dude i i i was just sick. for like 12 days a little bit you. know what i'm saying i do know exactly. what you're saying sickness hangs. on when i was young. it never did as i get older. it i've been i was sick. in october dude and like pretty bad. pretty sick and i got better. in like maybe a week or 10. days but there's like i still still have some symptoms from that. sickness you and i'll probably have them. until the next time i'm sick and you don't think. that they're in your head. what do you mean. they're i mean there can't be in my head. because of but wait and and you're going. to have them in till your neck. sick that's my sense it's not. going away for months you know what i'm hoping is the next time. i get sick then it. all is like we're done. now hey you know what dude. you look good with that kind of facial. hair i think so too thank you. okay you figured it out. at 40 you figured it out. i think i figured it out. i think do it like that. the trick is to. when i'm shaving don't. go to the skin like i mean. obviously the mustache days but like try to. leave a little bit it everywhere. else but sometimes you can't. and you mess up you go. a little too close. in one spot no what do you mean. no cuz you can just i'm telling you. that i do that step. it don't do that what's step. it step it have a step. on the thing put the thing on oh i have those. i've never used them. oh wow dude i only used nothing. i you ever been somewhere no never been. anywhere hold on all. right so this is boring. right this is very very boring. we're being very boring often way. more boring than this. yeah really sometimes okay great. okay great it's episode 91. wow that's crazy actually that we've been doing this. for four years yep um 91 episode. 91 go on over to. get patreon dot com lifeline. luxury get lifeline luxury. it's on and popping over there. it's honestly so good okay. i listen i don't listen. to every episode of this. or watch every episode of this. but i do watch every i just recently. actually caught up on lifeline. luxury really it's the best. i never watch anything i don't watch anybody's podcast. period well i feel like i have to. watch this one one because mr [ __ ] yeah he does a good job mr [ __ ] wizman over here well he doesn't [ __ ] up okay mr mr otherman oh he [ __ ] up [ __ ] up left and right so you got to. keep an eye on him. just make sure everything goes right. so yeah i mean he [ __ ] up so much he's not even here. right now so and if and if chris was here. and anthony wasn't i would say chris. never [ __ ] up and anthony's the one that we would blame whoever's not here. yeah all right so uh all right. good so let's go into. a um submission here yep. and uh can't wake up. today chris matt jesus guys. i i just want to. thank you so much. for you know i've never has no idea. what you're going really you know. when i get stuck in my own. head and my own thing is he far. or not yeah i' i thought about like putting said nothing so far. videos out there there we go. okay of uh like put [ __ ] jesus. are you kidding i. thought about sending you guys a video right. and the amount of times that. i've recorded my problems and like heard them. out loud myself has just made me realize how not that big of a deal oh that's good it. is and how sometimes so simple. a solution so just right. in your [ __ ] face so thank you so much guys and we didn't even. do it literally it took. him so long to. say that he said nothing. for 95% of that could have said the thing. so quickly but he was so happy. and pleasant he he was great. i'll tell you this i'll tell you this. much he said nothing period. he said nothing period. well even the whole video. what he ended up saying wasting which is just thank you. but what he said from what. i gleaned from that is he's saying just making the video. and not even having to. send it in making the video. forcing myself to. say it succinctly out loud. made me realize the solution. to the problem that rings very true. to me because very often like especially with work. i'll be like really upset. about something but personal. [ __ ] too i'll write a long email. or text and then by the end. of writing it i will feel better. and i won't even have to. send the thing yeah oh definitely you know. what i'm saying oh yeah defin my advice. in even though it's sc. an ask for advice my advice. is for situations like that. is always to. like people are like i don't know if i should write them. and let them know how much they pissed me off or how hurt. or whatever just write out the email. and save it so many letters to. me no i've never wr on. you uh uh save it and sit on it. for like a day and i guarantee. what is that from alino. and something i don't know. i think that's from your bit. about alucino from like when you started oh you're right. dude didn't we talk about this. anthony yeah yeah yeah yeah good. input man excluded me. excluded me well no because he laughed and i wanted to. make sure and i knew you thought that. and i was anyway i was doing detective. work kind of co mentalist. um but yeah just sit on sit on. it and you'll be good yeah. you probably forget about the whole. thing forget about what if you write. it out sit on it. yeah you probably forget about. the whole thing so i my therapist. has uh suggested doing that. a few times and whenever i do. it i start [ __ ] absolutely balling really. oh yeah immediately i go. like this immediate okay okay okay yeah i've done. it maybe two three times and just start immediately. balling wow all good once. i did it on a plane. the guy next to. me probably thought it was a nut. joke just so good i didn't even mean. to dude yeah well you didn't mean. to cry no not at all. to cry that's what crying. is you surprise yourself you get overwhelmed. with emotion not me i'm always like here it. comes t minus one minute. oh well robot cbot t minus sadbot t minus one. minute what my eyes eyes rain. in t minus one. minot eyes rain you. know poetry no but that's how it would be in the [ __ ] robot. movies i couldn't i hated that. why are why are my eyes. raining and it's like you know wow. dude you know by sentennial. man yeah but you know know. crying if you know all the other words. you know your eyes aren't raining. what you're doing though. is you made up a thing. that isn't in existence and got mad about it. yes i did do that. okay cool but it's probably real. okay it probably did happen. i can imagine some student film. is like why are my eyes. raining oh well definitely definitely a film. and i'm pissed tak a shot me. taking a shot at me. and you did it. oh wait you went to. nyu too it is but i dropped out. yeah cuz i'm gangsta honestly. i should have dropped out. too i'm gangsta honestly frankly. i should have dropped out. to you know what i'm upset. about 2023 what i declared. it the year of the bing bong. early on i didn't really didn't really like no it was the year. of the bing bong and that's so wants. me to stop doing bing bong. you know um so i [ __ ] cannot wake up. today dude and also my back. hurts and then also i'm driving. along here and i go like this. to look at something [ __ ] pinched a nerve. dude damn that happens. to you a lot i wonder why you you're so like i know you keep your body. in such dud good sh. why is that happen to. you so much so this is what i'm saying. i didn't work out for 10. days that's why my back. [ __ ] hurts oh wait what do you mean why remember cuz i said i was sick and i didn't work out my back. hurts because i didn't work. out and then this happened probably because i just got back into. working out i need to. keep moving dude my body is a machine. it's like an airplane dude. you're a shark the airplanes. that crash are the new airplanes. you got to [ __ ] have a well oiled airplane that uses that works all the time that is constantly in motion i'm a [ __ ] 747 i'm a moo you know what a what a makeo shark. oh a makeo shark. yeah if i don't keep moving. i die all right. do you understand crash and burn. baby yeah i understand. but but i'm serious i have to. keep moving okay and that's for real. dude i can't believe how much worse. i felt because i wasn't moving. around interesting is it it. is interesting yeah i don't move. around nearly as much as you and and you know how much better. you'd feel if you did no i don't and i'm not trying. to push it on you but i'm answering. you you ask me. a question let me answer. no i don't because i don't do it. i don't know how much better. i would feel because no if you started. doing it and i'm not i'm not saying you should get it. but if you started doing. it in 3 months. your life would be unreal. and not to saying. it's not unreal it's unreal. but it would be so much more unreal. that you'd be like this. is a fantasy your hair. looks good it's like a nine out. of 10 today i don't even ask. do you think maybe you don't know. when your hair looks the best. i think people think that hair looks good. a different i saw a thing. on the congratulations thing someone left. a comment it was an .2 i thought it had to. be you know what i mean. it's like i like when people rate my hair. i i think that my hair. is sometimes banging and people don't. think it is and sometimes. it's not banging people think. it's banging so you have a different. opinion than what other people think sometimes. about your own hair sometimes. but i have a different opinion. on what different people. think about anything because sometimes you think a chair. is nice sometimes somebody thinks a chair. is ugly yeah that's the way. it is i guess isn't it. right okay uh let's do another one. okay hey matt and chris just chat. gbt girlfriend checking back in with you. guys in a shocking turn. of events we have broken up since then and this is a particularly. brutal one for me. so any words of advice or encouragement about breakups. will always be appreciated. from you too on another. note my brother is a huge fan. of you guys he is the reason. that i started watching congratul and later. oneline the reason that i knew that. i was oneline was because he heard it. and then called me to. let me know very cute. um so shout out to. travis we love him. and uh i'm going through a really hard. time right now but you know. life rips anyway so thank you. guys because of it. what what what i have no. memory what did she do. her she broke up with her. boyfriend but did she say. no no i know i i remember. what happened 3 seconds. ago you were saying though. you said oh yeah i remember you oh she had her boyfriend. wrote her a love letter. she's like all i want is something. like significant and emotional from you like write me something ni gpt1. yeah i remember it now. uh well yeah that that. that is but you were going. to break up with this. guy anyway my advice is to. think change the lens through. which you're looking at it. obviously you're in pain but let it allow. it to soften the pain. knowing that i promise you. that relationship was going. to end regardless whether it's now or in 3 months 6. months so and and truthfully and i can say this. without actually lying in any. way to it's better. to have gotten it over. with than have to. deal with it in the future. yeah i know definitely but and you may. be in a lot of pain. you're obviously young and you're sweet. and you're cute you're going. to meet somebody that doesn't write you love. letters using chat gpt and doesn't that. sound nice i think it does. and i think that you should look. forward to that instead of looking back. and thinking about how look obviously breakups. suck dude even i hate when people break. up dude even when you want. to break up with the person. and you do it it. sucks for you talking so pointedly okay why what do. you mean and even when you break. up and you i didn't think i was doing that. well you were to. be perfectly frank okay well that's fine. uh people look at things in different. ways no but i think that. you know uh obviously i think you know. this you're going to. be okay but it's better. to have gotten it over. with and it sucks for anyone in any situation. whether you get broken up with or you did. the breaking up doesn't matter it. sucks go ahead all you. keep saying the same thing. you know that's why i said it. real fast but you cut me off. so i wanted to. you said it real. fast cuz i started doing that. no i said it real. fast cuz you were already exhibiting. impatience and it was pissing me. foreign robot he was exhibiting. impatience and it was pissing me. um so i forgot what i was. gonna say because you said the same. thing about oh and you could be you're in a lot. of pain but you could at least. you don't have neck. and back pain like me. so you're making it by yourself. cool and that's fine. but my hair is doing really well today don't touch. it don't touch it no. that that's a fallacy dude. what if you think your hair. looks good don't not touch. it whoa what is this. yeah dude here's a here's a life. hack dude but wait is this. a fallacy that's been shown. to be true. or you think this i am. the control i am the i i have i understood this. i've never said it out. loud oh okay but this is a [ __ ] life hack dude. okay go ahead are you ready. for a life hack yeah so. saying your hair looks good. mhm you go like this. someone says your hair looks good. and then i walk down the street. another person say your hair. looks good you go. i better not [ __ ] it up yeah right of course yeah get out of here. that is not the truth. the second you decide to. not touch your hair it sits. it settles it sits it. sits it gets stale. if your hair looks good it. looks good because of the body. because of the activation of your hair. you have to. keep it alive so you have so you say my hair. looks good guess what i do. so go ahead say my hair looks good. your hair looks good thanks so much. man well it's going to. still look good it does. look good see it's about the body. it's about the activation. dude chris s soon. vidalia you know i was going. to say vidalia yeah and that one's better. yeah it might be yeah vidal is a funni word. for i was going back and forth. for like 20 seconds you could have just said vidal s i know. but i didn't want to. so that was not even. on the table frankly hey let me. tell you something it is so [ __ ] obvious. we're brothers that it might we might be. the most brothers ever you know. what i'm saying yeah but explain more. every single [ __ ] way dude i mean that isn't true. every single way we're different. though the way we look you mean. like out facing the way. we sound the way we are the way. we bant b sig a mate. even if we didn't sound or look the way. we look you'd still be able. to tell we were brothers. we brothers wow the benter guy. what what was he speed. dating sick and that was he like speed. honestly who [ __ ] cares never got [ __ ] ever that guy dude. yeah you mean never had sex. yeah well got [ __ ] got [ __ ] like sick in it dude. i'm going to bus i'm going. to bus sick that dude. sit on dildo um i mean. dude jim carrey damn. dude okay all it's all good. another do another one. yeah best hair hair 1998 aman best. hair in 1998 play it. what up chr matt have. a question about international relationships. for you um i've been in tokyo. for a couple years now. and i've been seeing a japanese. girl now there a couple problems. she doesn't speak any english. i speak broken japanese so we can. still communicate but definitely a wall. and i have american citizenship so i'll have to. return to america eventually do you think that there's a limit. to these types of relationship. ship do you think it's a waste of time. would love to. know if you have any experience or had any friends that made it. successful um yeah love any insight i've been a baby. since day one but i got to. say this is my favorite podcast. awesome of all so please. keep it up love you. guys make my week better. every time this raises something. that i that was cool. yeah that is cool this. raises something that i've thought about um and i i don't know. if i've ever said it. out loud either there's a bunch of secrets being exposed this. podcast okay i don't know if the secrets well i something i didn't say out. loud about the hair thing i don't think i've ever. said this out loud either. okay not this but i'm going. to say this first uh i've never dated someone that wasn't fully english. speaking you know have you like seen someone for a few weeks pro probably i don't know i mean the thing about that is that if it's if there's one of them you would remember if there's zero of them you might say probably but if they no i mean like i've been with women that are foreign obviously but like have i've seen him twice three times probably right okay yeah but like i don't think i've ever i i feel like there is a barrier well of course there is no no no but but the language barrier no i understand but i i i think i put it on more than that i think that i i think that i i probably am like to. harsh on it cuz i think that i would have a subconscious. thing that wouldn't be open. to that because i would think how am i going. to communicate with this person. period when well you so you know in any relationship that you're in you like need there to. be a specific understanding of yeah. humor yeah exactly so like a lot. of people aren't really like that and anyway even americans. for sure yeah and i think if you got over the hump. of the initial difficulty of getting. to know someone without like speaking. one another langu like actual. languages i think it. might actually be somehow beneficial because think about it. i mean this is just totally theoretical i've never i've only like seen. people for very brief periods. of time like we're talking like a month. or two that are like that. don't that don't speak english. as their first language it it's i agree. it's very very difficult um but obviously people. are different i think that the wow. i totally forgot what. i was going to. say that's okay i starting. to say i wasn't listening. i have stuff you know. oh you weren't listening cool. thanks man um oh no. this is what i going. to say i think that once you get over. that initial you know. what you're going to. say you're wow man you know trying. to make me forget what i was. going to say so bad. you you might end up in a place. that it's somewhat in a way. beneficial because you can chalk things up to. miscommunication that's the main deal. yes that's the thing your initial instinct. was to be like well i doubt. she meant it this way. it's probably just the language. barer dude you getting so much. help from that i thought you said have sex. with your sister i thought you said steal. your money and drain. your bank account you could save. your feelings so often you could be like oh that. doesn't hurt my feeling she probably meant. something else even if she meant. like [ __ ] you you smell you. could be like um she probably she doesn't know. what smell means like she didn't. mean to say that. word she meant you know. what i mean like you could chalk. it up to any like any of that. [ __ ] you could say is just a miscommunication so maybe it's beneficial in a in in a way that is unexpected that being said i don't think think it's necessarily a like you can't just break. up with someone if the relationship's fine. certainly if it's working and both. you are happy you. can't just end it. because long term it seems like inevitably it would be a difficult. thing to have two. people you know what i mean. like if it's good it's good. if it's not it's not and maybe it's not because of the language. thing but if it's not the language. thing is fine yeah but then you ask any woman. what the number one thing about you. know being in a relationship would is important. people like so many of them. would say communication you know. yeah and they would be right. honestly for long oops. so disrespectful dude he's like you know what ready. for another one um anthony just thought we were done. leave that leave that in don't take that. got his heartbroken by a japanese girl. and like was crying refus tears. refuses to think about it. for one more second and is looking. at and is looking at something. that she gave him you know. yeah um so did you see the thing. where by the way. how come it's considered. racist for you know if i were to. like [ __ ] like people would be that's so that's racist. you're doing an asian accent. you know people would say that. people would say that but yeah yeah i guess. they would whatever it's not. but we don't we also don't have. to even talk about it. because what i'm going trying to. do is bring up this. thing did you see the thing. did i send it to. you you know how like if if i say speak russian. or or whatever you like what. do a russian guy. s you go or whatever. the [ __ ] you know oh you did send me i know what you're going. to say yeah bro i never thought about what it's like for like you can do. that with with english middle. what he's going to. say is that he sent. me a middle eastern man and an saying like this is how american english people. but but the point is i never thought about when they say do a guy. like speak speak cantonese like i didn't ever. think about what that might sound like to. a somebody in china sure. you know what i'm saying english. in the reverse i see. what you're saying yeah yeah yeah yeah what does. that sound like for us. in english well that guy. did really well we should send it. so you could play it yeah. it was so funny dude. it was in it was in uh on instagram. man yeah i sent. it to you on yeah. there it is here i'm going. to send it to. you actually i'll just do it. here s near hter. ocot they work launcher faing. hter in a people 3500 b. wow bro that's so weird. that is weird i never thought. about that yeah and i'm a smart. guy that thinks about a lot. of things well why would you think about. that though if you think about because i've done the other way. i've gone you mean to. tell me you've never thought i wonder how americans. sound to people in other countries. no that's not what i haven't. thought of what i haven't. thought of is other foreigners could do what. they thought an english. person sounds like but if someone said like this. guy can do that you wouldn't. you would think oh i haven't thought of that. you wouldn't think oh that doesn't sound. possible right okay yeah right. you're just saying it hasn't crossed. your mind what has crossed. my mind yeah well that makes sense. and that guy's really good at sounding. american it's crazy in a 45 rocket. launcher what i found weird about that. was that my brain. couldn't help but tried to. make out words for me. bro my brain was [ __ ] listening to. the first time i didn't even understand. what the guy was doing i thought he was speaking. yeah i know yeah it's yeah. is that weird yeah yeah yeah yeah it. is weird that's how good he is yeah. he sounds just like an americ he sounds. like a radio host mhm you well. which is what obviously he's right. taking it from not to. take any credit from him anyway let's do another one. you know we'll get into. the one that anthony was trying. to [ __ ] let's see okay. finally anthony you can play it. fell asleep hey matt hey chris i'm wondering. what's the right way to. respond to someone who's extremely aggressive and rude and threatening. to you this doesn't tend. to happen to. me at all so i never really know. what to do but recently. it happened a couple times one. time in particular i took my dog. out to poop and then i didn't clean up. the poop in the bushes and then this guy yelled. from his door at me. and he said clean up. your dog's [ __ ] i stepped in it last night. and so i apologized. to him and immediately went. to clean it up. and then he said i'll [ __ ] make you eat it next time okay so i cleaned up. the poop and then i didn't really know what to. do after that and i was confused. so i just went over to. his door a few minutes later. asked him what was wrong. explained the situation he was super after that. nice and then we resed it. and i started cleaning the poop more. regularly anyways after that cuz that was my mistake. but i kept replaying the situation later. down the line and wondering if i should have been aggressive back. or even not accommodated him. because he was being such an [ __ ] about it and i'm wondering if there are times when someone's such an [ __ ] that it actually demands being an [ __ ] in return or should one always be nice i tend to. be a pacifist and just friendly. with everybody even if someone's being a total [ __ ] but i wonder have you guys ever encountered a situation like that. and felt it's not even. right to be nice back. because this person's such a dick. that is so dick. that he said that. after the thing but also you never know. what people are going through. you know like what if that guy's [ __ ] family just died you don't know and you would feel deep empathy. for that and you'd be like oh that's why. he's doing that and i feel bad. for that guy it's interesting. that you called in for advice. when it is clear. that the way you handled that. the right way 100% to. a te the perfect way. to do it because he ended. up apologizing to. you what here's the thing. your experience with that guy. is proof that there i would say. there were very rare exceptions. to this but it's proof that it's never in your best. interest to meet aggression hyperaggression. in this case with hyperaggression. because it'll never go. any place good but i obvious. if you're asking is it ever. warranted or even understandable. to meet hyperaggression with hyperaggression. of course because hyperaggression we get defensive. we feel attacked and we want to. either you know get super defensive. and go on the attack. or like you know run. people don't typically do. the ladder also not just necessarily the answer. is absolutely yes you you. should when it it doesn't always have to. do with you like if there's a lady near you that's going. through something that somebody's doing hyperaggression. or your kids abely. right so the answer is. of course there are exceptions. to the rule of like you. should never meet hyperaggression with hyperaggression. but your experience is literally the perfect examp and as we say proof. is in the pudding. oh yeah exactly as we all. say all the time. the proof is is inside the puddings. the proof is literally inside the puddings. yeah okay um and also that. is what the that's so [ __ ] to. be like after the guy was like oh i'm so sorry. like yeah i'll make you eat at this. time cuz you know it's not. going to turn into. a thing cuz you know. you got a nice guy. it's like he wouldn't have done. it if you were yeah yeah dude. i hate that yeah. yeah yeah yeah what the [ __ ] does the proof. is in the pudding. oh dude something happened you're just going. to whiz by that huh. no it made me think of it. oh oh okay i was an [ __ ] to. someone mhm recently and i'm a lot. better at dealing with things now. that i've done a the that. i'm in therapy and like i i think about things. more but so i was i my car. [ __ ] i did this thing where i was driving somewhere i think it was to. the gym i'm really buff. and then i get i did the and as i was driving. to the gym i was like oh i got to. get gas on the way. home right i'm not going to. do it on the way. to the gym because i want to. get to the gym. got to the gym. did the gym got in the car. drove all the way home. forgot right of course naturally. we knew that's what was going. yeah i do my shit's on zero. so i'm like okay this is i i i'll probably make it to. the gas station but i gotta make sure. next time you leave the house. i leave you have to. down the hill i'll go. neutral like right so i'm like okay. do that we leave town. i don't drive for 10. days i'm sick so so i get in the car. and i'm like oh [ __ ] yeah bad feeling been there is this is this does it even matter that didn't drive. for 10 days did the gas. you know what i mean. like maybe it it can't. help so i go to. to the gym again. right you don't get gas. no i i do but i have to. go to the gym. oh okay yeah i'm like i got to. go to the gas. my car stops driving whoa. dude that's never happened. to me wow happen. to me two times two two times. yeah damn dude what a bad feeling. that must be i'm on i'm on. a street a very bu busy. street pull over to the middle. of the street it's like got you know. the suicide lanes i guess. you call it right. ah is that what you call. it i know what you're talking. about you know what i'm talking. about yeah that's what they call. it anyway um i'm in the middle. there's one there's two things. one this two this way. two this way i'm on. the middle one mhm uh and i got to. put the hazards on wow. so i'm like what do. i do well you know. what to do i know. what to do i got to. go get gas yes yeah but i'm like should i walk there. should i leave the car. i don't want the car to. get hit like it's just here it'll probably be. okay but you don't know if you're a triaa. member you call alea haven't bring gas. but yeah sure okay i which i am. but i was kind of close. enough to the gas. station where i'm just going. to uber there and then uber back. clever clever i get the uber i take the thing. i buy a canister of gas. i fill it up i get another uber back. yeah try to. make sure that you know. the uber doesn't doesn't spill and i don't want. to [ __ ] god yeah yeah yeah i get back the guy's so nice the guy's like oh is this your car you want me to. help i was like don't worry about. it he's like are you sure. i can help i mean. that's racist that you're doing. his accent but yeah but that's what his accent. was kidding dude. um and so and so i said oh don't worry about it. i can do it he's like okay. and then i go to. leave i get there the guy. does a uturn he goes. here's some water like just the nicest guy. in the world yeah okay. yeah i go [ __ ] you no i'm kidding. so that's where i was a dick. so i i get the thing i put the gas. gas in the thing i kind of figure out. how to do it. it's not really working but then i finally figure out. how to do it. uh and i'm like in the meantime. i'm like people are like p. hey man love you you know. what i mean really and i'm like oh really people do. that to me i i don't need help. if that happened to. me it would it would happen. to anyway so i'm like in my head i'm like what comedian. is going to see. me cuz i know a comic is is. going to drive by. right right right okay i'm almost done. honk hong i look it's a. tesla ma brani oh. wow okay i'm like of course the nicest guy. in the world right you. okay i'm like i'm all right. buddy i was like oh you need to. ride somewhere no don't worry about. anyway i do it start the car. i'm covered in gas. wow you know i you couldn't help. it it was [ __ ] everywhere. car sits like [ __ ] every i'm i'm getting i'm like but you know what i can deal with this. yeah but this is as much as i can deal. with you're at your threshold i'm and and i know that and i'm like thank god. nothing else [ __ ] up's going. to happen uh oh because i've dealt with as much. i can deal with i'm on. my way to the gas. station i've got enough in the tank. to get there i've got credit. cards i'm good yeah you're good. yeah i'm good yeah i go. to the gas station yeah. credit card out oh no. even worse go to. the guy station see one. of the pumps says see a tant for this. pump so i go hey well not. that one that one drive up. to the next one. okay yeah i'm ready. yeah declined so dainty the way. you just did that yeah he declined hey. but no it's not but no it's not. i'm rich okay dude. so i go huh. try again declined crazy maybe wells fargo is doing something. silly you got one more than one. credit card though yeah yeah so i go to. my credit card has nothing to. do with wells fargo right. if this is wells fargo fault. guess what i'm about to. figure it out yeah yeah yeah decline. okay you're moving your body so much. it's crazy right now h. okay so i go i'm pissed. yeah go into the thing. are you you oh wait. wait i forgot to. say before this mhm i stink. like gas i go into. the gas station attend the guy. i say hey man. can i use your bathroom. this is before i go. to even get the gas. oh wow he says we can't. what and i say we can't you don't. need help yeah solo mission. dude yeah dude yeah uh can i just use your bathroom. dude please and he goes like this. we don't have one. and i i know he's got one. obviously because it's for employees. only oh right and i go like this. buddy really and he was like yeah. we can't so then i go. back out so already you're already you're already pissed. so as much as i can deal. with the guys not going to. let me do but you know. what i am dude. i get the rules. if the rules is you don't. let somebody even if he's been a tv. star even if he's a huge comedian. you don't let him i don't. want special privileges okay cool. i get the rules. i totally get the rules. i get the rules. so go back i'm surprised. frankly that you don't get the rules. but you do okay. i do i get the rules. i stink i stink. like [ __ ] with the gasoline i'm like all right i'll figure it out a different way i go when the credit card didn't work right but here's the problem with that you got nobody to. be mad at so what happens. so you get and i say hey can i uh the thing doesn't work. the guy says this is where it just it. was it it was like the levies. yeah the dam broke too much. weight against it he says did you try. a credit card what else would you. try oh dude singing for it. dude and i said yeah i tried. the [ __ ] credit card like that okay yeah yeah yeah yeah does it work or what right. here 20 on [ __ ] five right. yeah and i got 20. on five i went in there. stink like [ __ ] i walked into. restaurant next to watch. the but i was addicted to. that guy oh okay and that's my threshold and that made me think of that okay i mean that been such a bigger dick. to people for such less than that. in very recent memory yeah. oh really oh yeah yeah yeah not me. yeah i i i mean i very recently. was a huge huge huge dick. to the [ __ ] parking lot attendant that we park. in to come here really. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i mean killed. him you know just [ __ ] it was when you got here and it the blood's still like this. yeah no i'm i and i always feel bad. about it i got a temper problem. you know that yeah i know. but it's [ __ ] weird though like it's weird you at least had like you could look back. and think oh well this is what happened. and why i was so pissed. and that was all leading. to that your point. which is a good one. you never know what people are. going through you that wasn't in isolation. you yelling at the gas station. attendant which is why i brought up. if just that happened and you were that. big of a dick. you'd be a huge [ __ ] guy in duress. who's had it up to. freaking fraking ass here huh. you never know people going. through and not that like you know. literally saying that about something you said though. which is not great you're saying oh yeah. that's so interesting you never know. what people going through you said. i'm so interest that's so interesting. i brought that up. and i said that. in such a way. but yeah it's true. man nobody is just or not nobody it's just very rare. that a dick is a dick. for no like without any leadup. without any other context. that is necessary to. consider like just a dick. for dick sake corella deville type [ __ ] is. rare just bad guy in a 9s action movie yeah. it's just rare dude i don't like them. for no reason i love those are. my favorite characters the guy the guy. the characters who don't like each other. for no reason is one of the funniest. tropes in hollywood yeah you know. what i'm talking about yeah. it's better when a i mean. it's a better when a bad guy. is understandable that's a better. movie it's so [ __ ] funny to. me when there's a guy that's just i i god i love that i love that so much. but can you think of one. or what no cuz there's so many you know. what i'm saying yeah they still do. that kind of you know. yeah guys are just bad guys. rotten people yeah all right. anyway we can do another one. next what's up chris what's up. matt uh this is the guy who lied. about the girl who sneezed yes. dud pause it small update on that. what happened this is the guy. one of the best actual submissions ever i think. this guy didn't tell his new girlfriend. that he was traveling abroad. with his best friend. who was a girl oh dude. this was great yeah and she called him one night. and they were sleeping in the same. room as friends like this guy literally is not bangar ranging on this. girl at all and she while he was on the phone. with his new girlfriend. sneezed and it ruined. and i think he's about to. give us an update. so yeah it yeah and and's girlfriend's. like who's that why have you not. told me that you're on a trip. it turned into. a big fight yeah shouldn't have lied. was dumb go ahead yeah. did not work out she ended. up getting back with her. exhusband who actually cheated on her so wow. weird way things work but uh new question. for you um my mom or my grandma. right will always like do me. a favor or tell me. they'll do something for me. and they'll kind of mess. it up or they'll jack. it up or not. do it right and it's something i could have done myself. not really a big deal. it was nice to. them to offer for me. you don't have to. but it kind of created. more work now that it. was done wrong or i have. to redo it or you know. didn't set aside time to. do it because i thought it was going. to get done super easy. but then i'm the [ __ ] cuz i'm pissed about it right so uh what should i do in those situations. uh when somebody offers to. do a favor and then they do it. wrong or they jack it. up oh do i have any right. to be mad jack it. up i don't know let me. know thanks guys always says mess. it up or jack it. up like those are two different. things they mess it up. jack it up or goof. it up what who what. i i get it but what did. he say about his mom. or grandma what did that. mean what did he say. i like he saying that. they do that his mom. and his grandma do this. yeah apparently i guess i just didn't hear that. yeah okay like like hey i'm i'm going. to build a shelf. oh i'll build it. for you and they [ __ ] it up right. grandma's building him a shelf that's um yeah i do you have a right. to be mad at them. again if you're not specific it. just depends on the favor. if you want something done. right do it yourself this. is basically and here's why very straightforward. reason nobody cares as much as you unless it's a pay. job and the people care about their paycheck but generally speaking. nobody and it's not even their fault. nobody could care as much. as you you're you of course you care. more about the thing. that you want to. happen in your life than anyone. else it's not their life. as much as they could care. they could never fully take on. the amount of care that. you have that being said can you be. mad at someone it's context. dependent what did they do. and how bad did they [ __ ] up if somebody says hey uh like if it's like this. right chris i know you're busy. let me pick up calvin from school. to help you out that day. i know christian's out of town. well whatever you got a ton. of stuff to. do if she's out of town. she's not cheating and then and then i have and then i'm like 45. minutes late and i make calvin wait in like a place. that might even be potentially unsafe. he has every right to. be absolutely furious with me. but like is it that. kind of thing or is it. like oh wait you need to. hang up a a a thing on your wall. in your house i i'll do it. for you when i do it. a little bit crooked like then you don't that's unforgivable. right like it just depends it. depends yeah it depends true. that's actually the only point. you need to. make that's why i wanted him. to be specific it's like what is thing. and i get it now and you [ __ ] up you [ __ ] up he [ __ ] up dude he [ __ ] you know what he [ __ ] up and then he [ __ ] up the sneezing thing he [ __ ] let's not forget about that you thought that was a i i i remember we disagreed about that you thought it was unforgivable that she sneezed it is i i understand we don't need to. rehash it but i remember thinking. but a snee it a snee it's like the most god's will thing that there. is you can't not see you. know it's coming dude okay. yeah but for how long sometimes. longer than put your face. in the [ __ ] pillow. dude you're in a hotel. room but she didn't he didn't explain. properly the necess he should have been like hey you can't make a f sound it's his fault. he didn't the whole the whole the whole thing. is his fault see this. is the thing that i don't like about. things that are faults. people's faults it's it's it's his. fault completely 100% but it's secretly also her fault. but see this is exactly. what we got an argum about i was saying it's only his fault. you were saying of course it's mainly. his fault but in this. instance the sneeze thing was her fault. i don't agree i think it's all. secretly you know i think. it's all get up to. and god knows but he's like but you're on thin. ice you know right. it's unspoken we understand. you messed up we let you in here. but that was a hell sneeze. right hell sneeze dude. wow uh all right you got another one or no that could be the episode. title yeah it's a good. one what's up matt and chris. love you both love your show. uh my question is about my allergy. it is you know when you go into. an office and there's a sign. and it's like please don't wear your perfume. cuz people have allergies. you're like that's not real. no that's me no i agree. and i work in an office. where people use way too much. for breeze the bathroom breze sucks. it happens every day they use like 10. seconds of f breeze and then the whole office. is like a f breeze office. and it makes me like want. to puke a headache. even more so gives me. a migraine and i don't know how to. address that can you tell someone. not to use f. breze in the bathroom yeah i also sound like a wimp being like perfumes. make me sick so what. would you guys say dude. first of all let me just say i agree. with you i [ __ ] hate perfume so much and i think it it makes me sneeze. i can't stand when dude. i i could see someone i haven't seen in a long. time hug them and if it's a woman and be like oh hey and dude. i had a vest that i liked. that i like this i knew this. she was at the laugh. factory this woman she was like hey i g. been a long time. she hugged me i couldn't want that. [ __ ] vest any more dude could you wash it it was like a weird material though dry clean it if you i don't think it helped i think i did and i don't think it help whoa what it was horrible but not all perfume is like that but dude your came unplug oops when just now you know it's amazing that that's never happened to. me and it happens. to you all the time. it's really interesting it's not. my fault oh it's secretly anthony's fault okay keep going no. it sucks that uh i thought find perfume. offensive i find fabreeze offensive. i find listening to. music in a car offensive. if you're with someone you're basically saying hey i know how i know the best. way to hang out. which one the music. thing and the smelling i know. what the best smell is. i got it everyone well. that that is a good. point but i have a question for you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] if you're like you're basically the guy taking the guitar out of the party that's what you do when you're putting perfume on right i agree actually but here's yes dude here's the thing though why can't people use the right amount of perfume what is going on i'm not sure there is the right amount but yes you are right there are people that it's crazy why can't you just do the tiniest drop because it's enough it's so crazy dude if people who use a lot how do you not notice dude it's like you're you're bombing every place you go crazy you're an awful person you're like you're like a [ __ ] bigfoot you're like bigfoot you walk around you weak like [ __ ] people feel like thisis ah this is beauty this is great dude what you're supposed to. do is buy a swing. set set up the swing. set put it in your backyard. hire someone to. go outside and [ __ ] stand with a perfume. bottle you get swinging and when you get really high. you go at the top. [ __ ] fk fulcrum the you go spray. it they spray it and then you swing into. the perfume that's it that's the right. you get one shot dude. and then the guy goes home. you pay him and then you [ __ ] go to. work anything more than one. spray of perfume anything more than buying. a swing set setting it up. hiring a butler to. spray that one spr when you're at the absolute. top of the fulcrum dude. and swing into it love s you are putting you are basically an armenian you are putting too much. perfume on period yeah here's if you want perfume have enough money to. get a swing set too what are these. people thinking when they spray. more than one spray. though what's going on more. than one spray that's what i'm saying. though more than one. spray yeah yeah people do sprays i've never dated someone who uses perfume so i honestly can't even i have and you know what i do. i say this is a something that needs. to stop but i mean to. i'm controlling i mean to. be controlling i can't be around. the perfume yeah it's like it gives me a all all that should need to. be said is it gives me. a headache and perfume does. give people but here and they stop because i lay the hammer. down right okay well well not because i lay the hammer. they because they because they respect you. because they say oh i'd rather. be fear than love though. right no not me i'm like here's the thing. though there's something worse. than perfume and it's called colog there. is no cologne you're saying cologne. is perfume for that's right. for congratulations if you you wear cologne. yeah you are now a woman. wearing perfume no now you're a man. wearing perfume you are a woman. now congratulations isn't that weird. though that it is literally the exact. same thing it's the same thing. what does it smell more. called different things it's like if it's like if me and a woman. were on a date. and we both ate a steak. and i called it different. just because something different just because i'm a man. and she's a woman i had fish. what i had fish. but it's a steak. i'm a man no i head. steak you had yaba daad duie lost your [ __ ] absolute mind snap right. before you said yab actually that is a steak. isn't it no it's a yababa. doobie but it's the same thing. we're both eating the same. thing well i'm a woman i call. it a yaba daad doobie. i'm a woman yeah you're i thought. you were saying something different. um yeah dude i don't i i don't i i have is weird. smells any smells honestly i'm confused. now why are they call. different things kristen will put out a [ __ ] candle. and it's like doesn't it smell. nice and it's like yeah in passing. if you just okay cool. but don't light it you light it i'm done. what are you going to. do with the candle. not light it and just have it. out it smells nice actually. yeah or don't even. have it i agree. that some candles are overloaded on scent. but like a nice candle. is is never too. strong like the expensive. candles are like very mild i disagree. well no but but i didn't mean. anything by it uh should we do one. more is there one more yeah. let's do it hey guys watching show. for a little while mustach. really enjoy it one thing. that i've noticed is you guys. talk a lot about movies. yeah and i've noticed something. about myself recently. where i will watch a movie. based on the reviews uh so if i see things on social media. like a movie's really popular. uh then i'll check it. out but if there is a movie that i'm interested in i'll go check out. like rotten tomatoes or imdb. or whatever and see what. people are saying about those movies. and i won't just watch a movie. based on my own interests or something. this is already curious if you guys do that. or what you think about that. let me know it's a great. question you are the man. dude it's a great question. you asked such a good. question this is all of these have actually been pretty good questions. even the first guy who asked nothing. and said nothing first one. was a horrible question. uh well there was no question. just saying thank you for way. too long we appreciate it. though um reviews in general. now this hasn't always been the case. but it is true. now that almost i would say 98% of reviews. you find on the internet are literally. this some random man. or woman who you've never met. never will meet and very well. could have nothing in common. with at all writing something. that is the equivalent of them. saying i like this movie or i don't like this. movie now why that should matter. to some random movie. goer with totally different interest. and whatever interest unto. themselves only nothing to. do with the person who wrote it's it's it's mindboggling. why someone like this. guy who obviously lives in alaska. would would care what some. movie critic in seattle or new york. or la thinks about [ __ ] saltburn. if it looks interesting. to you see it if it doesn't who gives a [ __ ] [ __ ] what someone at moviephone dot com. thinks he welcome to. movie phone remember that [ __ ] no what is that no clue. when you' call oh god. i mean very vaguely they welcome. to movie phone. they would tell you the movie. times yeah oh no you go. you go press nine. for mickey blue eyes mickey bluee you hit n. dude whenever there's an be like 740 an opportunity. bring up from yep byon. times you always say mickey blue eyes and that's very weird. and a robot couldn't i mean. i could like what's a better. movie to pick like i [ __ ] aced it by thinking of mickey blue no it's good yeah. you did good i you know. it's another good one jumanji. um well that's a good one. i recently watched jumanji. let me tell you guys something. i know it's for kids. obviously adventure movies whatever. it is the shittiest thing. the original one well i'm sure. this the reboot. is even worse but who would ever. watch that the one not even the rock and his eight. gajillion fans none of them. watched jumanji even though. he's in it you know. no one saw jumanji. no one saw the actual movie uh even though. it exists kevin hart. jack kevin is literally in everything. is the rock not in janji he is. he is right he is oh i don't know. rock and kevin hart are in so many things together. um but yeah no one. saw the remake but the it's so bad. it's it was like mindboggling bad. yeah isn't ben stiller in it. no robin williams oh that's night. at the museum right. right right right right which robin williams is. also in um oh right that's what i'm thinking. of uh so hold on okay. jumanji robin william is in jumanji. correct okay and it's really. bad terrible wow i got to. look at it um so i got watch utterly. utterly utterly terrible and so as kirsten dunces in it. as like a kid oh yeah. yeah um this is a great. an a question what do. you think about what the guy. said um i think you should only go. see things that pique your interest. right but that's not exactly. answering his question yeah it is no but is that peak your interest. because other people said no. because you think looks interesting. the trailer looks interesting. the synopsis or yeah. yeah yeah i i i don't i mean. you know what you like better. than do know what you like but you don't. know what you like before it. happens though so i do understand. his question is like like there. is some sort of reason. to oh oh man. everyone's talking about this movie. it must be good different. different if if if if you hear a bunch of people being like oh man. this movie of course of course like participating. culture if you feel like so inclined participating culture. but you don't you don't say. oh the new the new jamanji reboots. out i'm going to. go to to. moviephone dot com and see. whatever that critic think welcome. to movie ph meanwhile by the way movie critics. now are just people with computers. well right i somebody with 300 followers on twitter it's it's crazy. like if you go to. see who are like verified. movie critics on rotten tomatoes which is the worst. i mean there are bad. rotten tomatoes is the worst there are bad. aggregator sites and then there's rotten tomatoes that. is the most piece of [ __ ] wipe your ass. when i see some [ __ ] 100% fresh i want. to [ __ ] saw my testicles. off here's the deal. there's only there's one best rated movie of all. time on rotten tomatoes do you know. what it is wait deadpool no what paddington 2. hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of critics. reviewed paddington 2 and gave it. positive aosi there isn't one. negative review of paddington 2 on rotten. tomatoes there were hundreds of reviews. of paddington 2 on seen. it it's unbelievable oh dude. no i mean like what uh yeah. i didn't know wrong. right the thing about rotten. tomatoes is and i've always said this. is the people who rate the movie. the specific movie that they're rating. either love it or hate it. nobody is just hey got to. go on my rotten tomatoes account. and rate all these movies it's it's the the the it's that. seven rings or 10. rings movie the marvel one the asian one. that everyone thought was so amazing. on rotten tomatoes okay a pile right. of heaping tan liquidy dog [ __ ] okay it's so it's so bad it got 100% okay because all of the asians are like finally oh you mean the users oh okay i thought you meant okay yeah we're talk about different things but yeah and then of course because of that and and it came out during this no asian hate a lot of the good timing critics were like we love it sure yeah but the user. ones are the worst ones. well that's that's even worse. than movie critic cuz they're just doing the same. thing but they don't know how to. write or think so they're just like i liked. it i liked it i like but here's the thing. movie going experience isn't always isn't always so binary you don't either. love or hate movies. in fact how often do you love or hate. a movie it's rare. sal's a great example. of it i was like i don't know the whole movie. and then i was like yeah okay. i like the ending and i think i liked it. honestly that's as good as any movie. criticism you will read today. what my brother just said about sturn. yeah that is the depth of of uh criticism. that you go that you get when you go to. these popular movie sites like i don't. even know is movie phone. a thing anymore probably. movie phone dot com whatever. those kinds of things you know. maybe ash there are some movie critics. that are still interesting but it's really. they're really hard to. find slant magazine is. interesting but it's it's dead. movie criticism is dead movies are almost dead. it doesn't bro i saw this. review this is such hor guy. the guy always reviewed my special's bad. and he he there are comedy. special review things god wow. i didn't even know that. well that is the dumbest i agree. cuz you're just saying is it. funny or is it. not funny that's to. you exactly that's what i'm saying. yes dude this guy was reviewing matt. r special and it was like trashing. matt r of course bro and you're saying of course because that's not because that's the thing to. do right now yeah no i don't think matt's not funny. no i know but um it's it's so and then you and then some somebody just took a screenshot. of the guy's profile picture and like replied. to it uhuh and it's like of course this. guy doesn't like matt re oh he's a [ __ ] bald fat loser and matt r's like the most handsome guy that just [ __ ] thinks he knows comedy and writes i don't even know i honestly don't i don't even know the is he just a guy that review that you know he's a guy he's you see him around montreal and [ __ ] like the festival he always review my [ __ ] back he obviously doesn't like a guy like me he obviously does he's a short fat bald [ __ ] loser well there are i'm sure there are plenty of short fatball losers who do like you though so i don't know of course i love fatball losers me too but this fa bat loser i don't like right of course and because of that i'll call him a fatball loser i see i see i see you know but it's like it's like dude it's it's so it's so and i saw he didn't like matt r i was like oh here this [ __ ] guy goes again dude and he matt's the biggest comedian yeah he's huge so it's like any critique i you it it makes no sense to. ask your friends even at that but that's the your best. bet yeah yeah that's your best. bet or just see a thing. dude there's no better. feeling than not knowing anything. no i mean not i literally you took me to. see sexy beast when i was like 15. i think i was when it came out. and i literally hadn't seen a trailer i didn't know. a single thing about it. i didn't even know who jonathan. glazer was and i was like i me knowing nothing about it. seeing a movie in the theater. that's that good was like one. of the best movie going. experiences in my life you're welcome. and yeah thank you uh and yeah. but that's obviously hard you can't. just go to the movie. theater and be like uh that. one paddington 3 you know um you got to. know a little bit about something. but sometimes the less you know. the better that sounds interesting based on. the little bit i know. about it see that. not paddington 2 you know. what i'm saying i agree. okay see both yeah paddington 2. fantastic do double feature uh do paddington 2. second what do paddington 2 second. yeah uh all right cool. that's it we're done. we're done leave a comment. for us we love you. uh go watch my special grower grower diet. chris dot com i'll also be in sacramento. and uh albuquer and phoenix and brea go. to chris dot com. uh most important ly sign. up oh yeah at patreon dot com. you are missing the best. show there is available on patreon and it's ours. isn't that interesting uh all right. happy new year i hope the new year. is going extremely well so far for all of you. and we love you. bye yeah see you hello. hello hello please hello hello hello. hello 