 foreign lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional hello [music]. we are recording it's the show. called lifeline we're recording it's this. show that we do it's called. again lifeline nut shouldn't swear in. the first minute okay. well bleep me out dude. honestly you censor me see. if i care me and my people will. rise wow my people who are your people. my people are you okay. so i'll rise some of those. people over there is my hair. okay today let's see it's okay. it's nice the hair's been pippin. and yeah okay i like the hat. thank you salem is it. for the the smoking it's the cigarettes that's how you know. it's not new right because that's not a company. anymore right um yeah it might uh still be a company but you're not allowed. to like make what merchandise for cigarettes you. can't have any kind of advertising. at all yeah what's going. on that's a a a real thing. oh god that's a real thing i didn't know. that when did that law. pass oh we were young. remember billboards you couldn't you couldn't advertise. like mr camo had to. go no i don't remember marble. man wasn't allowed. around anymore i don't remember this. yeah dude you were kids. yeah no i remember the ads. in like so you can't advertise. cigarettes no wow at first. i haven't seen it yet. at first it was within certain distances. of schools right right right. right well that makes sense and then it was just in general. because now it extends to. like the internet and everything. yeah because you don't see wow. that's crazy huh the only place. you can is a place. that actually sells them. you could put it in your window. that you sell how do you know. this you always ask me. how i know things i know. things by being a person in the world. like how is something. that like you can advertise. cigarettes only in places that sell cigarettes. not something you forget. that's more what i'm like retaining. that info is crazy i mean. i just i've read about the law. and then i look deeper. into the law and learn. those laws don't forget i don't because i go. if i read that i would go huh. and then i'd say but i'd think about something else and then i forget. it here's the thing though that's the thing. i'm in i have a wider interest. than you do okay. trailing into the territory territory it's why. i'm smarter than you know. no it's one of the reasons. i'm smarter than you because you're smart. you just don't apply your brain. in the right way i'm very smart. and also i'm smarter than you. no way yeah no way. no one who knows us would ever. see people that'll do it. can you imagine the kind of person. that would be like oh yeah. chris is smarter than matt can. you even imagine what that. person would be like i'm pretty [ __ ] smart. man even dumb. people know that i'm smarter. than you so it's being so we're treading into. dick territory um sure you know sometimes. you got to tell it. like it is you know. no i'm very smart. and there's different kinds of smarts. okay so how about street smarts. you have those yeah they're not more than i do. i think maybe but we can't really measure. that though you know yeah that's true. yeah yeah you can't even. measure really smartness when it comes to. knowing things either so yeah but you can because people talk. to me they talk to. you and they say oh matt. smarter oh well it's december 18th. we got one week before. christmas what are you gonna do you're gonna get lifeline. merch what are you gonna do. oh you know what honestly. you should have your holiday shopping already done. by the way i'm wearing the don't push me. um merch here that uh i can get a chrisley dot com. oh and i'm wearing a lifetime. merchandise that you can get uh uh lifeline. merch uh dot com right merchandise emergency um and uh you if you got a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com and send in a video. for us or you can go. to do oneonone advice. sessions with matt you do. both at matt come on the show. then get down and dirty get deep. in the weeds with this. matt dalia that's me deep. in the weeds down and dirty. and the weeds down and dirty. that's how we do it. in the private sessions you. should have heard me earlier. this week it was some wild. stuff yeah doing that. with the fingers was it. was wild stuff okay okay wild. wild stuff that's very weird. and offputting and when you do that. you've got to. talk like that no you don't you don't have. to do that or talk. like that how about you do. this you talk like this. okay so i will be in san diego. january 7th chrisley dot com. uh portland and seattle i'll be there later on. in january and lakeland. daytona and jacksonville san antonio sugarland. texas new orleans providence. new york city chicago kansas. city springfield tulsa check out these austin. midland texas minneapolis columbus. cincinnati ohio and boise. i will be there get your tickets. at chrisley dot com i'm also adding more. uh out of at a at a rate. that is unbelievable you wouldn't even. believe the rate he's adding but i'm adding more. of those shows so go to. chrisley dot com and check out. uh tickets for my tour. don't push me i'm wearing a shirt. what's up what's up. my lifeline listeners what's up. um yeah i do remember that. as a matter of fact. i will tell you this. much david sullivan's first we talk about david solomon law. he's my friend who's really fat. he's been on the show big. head you know there's a lifeline. lives they've seen his enormous. head yeah and he's really fat. and he's short and he's [ __ ] shits. in his pants a lot and uh he basically is uh a great. actor okay and he is and he does. his first acting role ever was. i forget what show it. was on but his he had one line. and it was was that did you know. that no i didn't know yeah. did he play fat guy. who smells that guy. who smells vodka who obviously. smells is what it was called. even though it's on tv. and everything obviously smells who has an enormous. head yeah i dropped something. hold up and then when he walked in for uh the audition he said uh they all they all. said oh you're perfect. for this yeah because don't even do. the line yeah yeah and he got the part. so um anyway hit my head it's all. great oh great and i will say this. and it sounds defensive sounds defensive. but hurt so minimally and i'm so happy. about that i was worried. you know what's weird yeah i don't like you. that much but okay well you do right. but you know what i mean. yeah but when you potentially get hurt. huh it's so sad. for me like i my heart. breaks what the [ __ ] bro i don't need that i don't know it's not in service for a video i'm just saying like i have an immense uh uh it's like a mechanism within me biologically it's just like automatic brothers if i see yeah if i see you in potential pain or like one way like hitting my head just like that i was like oh no what yeah yeah yeah wow i wonder what that's what i made fun of you for it but you know i needed to. know you weren't actually hurt. first but even if i was hurt. how bad could that. have possibly hurt it would. have been like ow oh [ __ ] okay it's over you could have got a concussion not from that. coulda no i said so no dude it doesn't matter if you said so you're wrong no no listen. to me i said so okay. so i don't like you don't have to. i got it i'm fine. you're good yeah and you're gonna be crosseyed and falling. asleep by the end. of the episode you're very uh you're very capable and i don't feel bad. when you almost hurt. yourself because i don't i know you're very capable and i i'm secure. in that what is it. about me that makes or was it. about you that makes it. seem like i'm not capable of dealing with pain. oh i have a hard. time relinquishing control and when i see something. that uh makes me feel any kind of negative. emotion that is out of my control. it's a ding ding ding reminder. that i don't control anything. in this universe everything's random. nothing matters and uh okay. we're all gonna [ __ ] die. so deep in the same. sad depressing [ __ ] way alone. drooling [ __ ] absolutely having no. thoughts in our minds because they're mush okay. well that's if you dive. all damage but not if you die. from a train you're not alone. and you crush interfere with tons of people don't die. and you your last thought. was really with it you could be with it. good good way to. go although that's not automatically not a good way. to go is just like just like out. of nowhere i don't like thinking about it. yes i don't like thinking about it. and we're talking about i don't like thinking about everyone. thinking about gets it makes me. really sad dude i used to. stay up at night and think about this. [ __ ] when i was a kid what is it you just stop living wow. don't even want to. talk about it dude. i used to. be up at night i used to. run into dad. mom's room ask him about it. they get pissed off. tell me to. go back to sleep. had tires look but there's no there's nothing after you. die the lights are just out. we don't talk about it. you were talking about it. hopefully there's a jesus. christ hopefully there's somebody back there wow. if it's nicholas cage really hope that there's something after we die. wow lost your [ __ ] mind dude uh yeah who knows man all i do all i know is i started talking about being religious on my podcast. how i wish i was religious. and like so many people wrote me. about jesus christ and it. was four paragraphs of course they did. dude nobody just talks about jesus. a little bit you either. talk about jesus not at all. or it's just yeah it's unbelievable. yeah it's because jesus to. a lot of these people a lot. of people were born and raised with jesus. in their life but a lot. of people that write messages like that. found jesus yup dude. and they can't help but they got all. the information and they can't. wait to s to. show the information they can't wait. to just unblock that [ __ ] verbal damn of just like foreign. [music] they do yeah i like jesus. jesus people say jesus. you know when you go to. church and they're like and jesus. said and you're like dude. you don't need to. be like this about that. jesus christ yeah like there's some kind of robot. jesus christ what's up. bro you need a coffee. i'm tired no [ __ ] you all right. cool i was [ __ ] popping at the beginning of this episode what are you talking about okay you were popping i got worried about you hitting your head. i was scared i know. but it's okay and i'm fine. are you sure yeah honestly i'm telling you. right now dude it. was the kind of thing where it didn't. even hurt at all i was worried about you yep but it's all good so should we go into. let's get into a. thing uh and we'll talk uh and we'll talk to. these people uh about these people in the videos. nicolas cage nicholas cage. all right let's do it. matt and chris yeah oh my fly. merch today um i'm gonna try to. make this fast i live up. in canada i've been a server. for four years i've worked in lots of different. places i've done fine. dining sports bars i bartended at. a bowling alley um my. question is how do you deal. with workplace toxicity and i feel like everywhere. i've worked in the restaurant. industry there's always like clicks. there's always drama and i really honestly. i just enjoy what i do. like i love meeting new. people and i like learning. new things um and i have a lot. of fun just getting to. interact with people every day. and it doesn't feel like a business. transaction for me like i've genuinely uh i'm feeling fulfilled of my job. but everywhere i've gone i've always had like debilitating. issues with like management or staff. or like like there's always just been something. is it the industry do i need to. leave the industry because that's just the way. it goes or do i need to. like start you know like because i've tried to. stand up for what i think is right. in the way that like a restaurant. should function and it just like. it always it always has backlash and it. always um isn't the result. that i want do i need to. you know just keep pushing. for what i believe or do. i spin move out of the restaurant. industry interesting um yeah i don't know. i feel like uh first of all i don't think it's just the restaurant. industry i think that what you're describing. clicks and hostility and toxicity and like group. think and sort of nobody wanted. to change that's just what life. is yeah that's talk yeah. that's not your workplaces if you're going to. use toxic like that then it's just [ __ ] that's work work. is toxic work you should that's how it goes i. wish we were just lounging. around not making and not trying. to [ __ ] not having to. go to work you know i mean. you know and you know you love. what you're doing that's great. it's weird though you have a great. attitude and i i i would think like if you work for me. or with me or if i worked for you. i would be like open. to what you have to. say so it's kind of odd. that you know people are i don't know. what do you think like i think just show. up to work enjoy the customers tune. out the drama at work and don't uh don't go this. is the only thing i would say in terms of like maybe. be careful of but like don't go. into a workplace. and at any point within the first six months. be like you know how we should do. it we should do that. like this like right. get your bearings find where you. fit in every in the place. in your place at work. and that either the hierarchy. or the click whatever and then sort of develop. a rapport understand where you are. understand where everyone else is. and then sort of try to. maybe steer the ship in this. direction or that direction it. would be great if we didn't realize because she seemed so sweet. that she's the person that goes in first. day of work just like this. needs to change this. needs to change you're a [ __ ] and you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] she did say something about trying to. have her input no i know. it's something like that i know. but i'm saying i don't know she seems too sweet. for that maybe yeah but maybe she's making a video. for us she knows what. she's really like yeah she didn't air. anybody's business out though. i feel like uh i feel like you uh yeah. it's just here's the other thing. too you can reframe reframe. your mind like if you're going to. work looking to. build relationships and looking for lifelong. friends and to. be a part of a click. or this and that then you're just gonna set yourself. up for filler yeah came out. with a good one but the thing. is it's work and that's what it. is reframe your brain look at it. as work you can enjoy what. you do but at the end. of the day it's work and it has texas said today and i said hey i can't. believe it took you that long. to do that i tried so hard. not to do it. but it's just like oh i got what'd you. leave it because i wanted to. and i feel like if you want to. make friends and be a part. of my click my click my click my click my click broke. just [ __ ] broke this is a a musical. this podcast okay i i mean. i know i tried to. steer it that way. early on worried about the toxicity in our city. and i said hey oh saw that. guy wants that [ __ ] arrow. on and i was like hey what's that. big fan he goes. oh hey and then so i'm again. and kind of went like hey and he didn't didn't. even look at me so i don't know but i feel like uh yeah you you've got urged turkey. yeah unbelievable dude unbelievable. yeah uh best line. of all time why'd you leave. it there because i wanted to. that's unbelievable dude. love how it's defined what is it. why'd you leave it. he's about that because i wanted to. and defiant and about nothing. but serial seriously also. an insight to how he is. personally and i love it. dude but yeah if you're going to. do a job that's what it. is if you whether you're serving fine. dining whether you're serving at a bowling. alley or whether you [ __ ] you know serving. dance moves whatever your serving. dude looks doesn't matter what your server. you could be serving yeah but you need to. go in with a different mindset. these people are not working. here because it's fulfilling. them these people are working there. because they want that dollar. dollar bill and it's different. so already you're in a different. mode than they are yeah you seem like a sweet person. i'm gonna go with that. so these people are different. modes you've got your friends. because you made them as friends. don't look to. work for your personal. life like they say don't mix business was. a pleasure well they say that. if the russian i meant. with pleasure not this. pleasure uh yeah and he figured it out and he's good dude. fairly well put yeah very well put you meant. to say fairly uh yeah dude. so i think that that's really where the buck. stops there um because i don't know i have friends. with i have work friends. you know comedian friends but my real dogs. you know what my real. [ __ ] the [ __ ] who ride or die. very few comedians and more noncomedians right. yeah yeah oh yeah yeah i think so yeah. yeah a little bit more. or what friends that are noncomedians yeah. because those are the real [ __ ] that know the real you you don't just see them in the halls of the workplace. i you know yeah no yeah for sure. yeah yeah so anyway but but yeah just don't you know. don't be surprised just be in that. mindset in that mode i feel like anyway we figured it out great. okay okay next next advice chris. been a big fan of yours. since i was 100 years. old i saw you here. in connecticut in 2018. matt. my dad's a big. fan of you from this his dad's filming. it my favorite delia. is bill whenever you guys. call him his laugh. just gets me he's great. a little bit about myself. i'm 20 years old i'm a chemical engineering student. here at uconn wow. i'm two jobs i go. to the gym five days a week. i don't party i'm very dialed. in and happy with what i'm doing. my question comes in regards to. a girlfriend i have never had feelings really reciprocated with a female that type of movie. you know thing how the you know. romantic relationships are portrayed i've never really had anything. like that at all uh and every time. i've gotten close i just continuously. get hurt to the point. where now i'm 20. years old and i live like a divorced. guy kind of angry at women. because they keep hurting me. and it's it's more how i go about it. myself but you know my life is good i'm happy. i have friends you know. it's just great but i also know. i am lacking in a major. department of affection because i block. out chris i know you've talked about this a lot i block out. a lot of my emotions and i just go i'm just gonna stay. you know whatever so no. one can hurt me. i'll be in school. for a while going to. grad school gonna be here. for a while so you know there's ample opportunity. to meet a female so i'm not too. worried but i want i want to. know what you guys think. about getting around that mindset. of i'm staying away from girls. because they're just going to. keep hurting new noise. oh yeah love you guys. okay love you too. first thing just up front don't get mad. at women don't get mad. at women in general you haven't met. all of the women in fact you've met. a very very low amount of them. so you don't go get three mad. at them just because you're had a crush on three. of them and they didn't reciprocate. right right okay you don't like deserve their affection. in return yeah that's the [ __ ] tough love part now. right that's over with no more tough love just regular love. now okay okay uh like you said you're [ __ ] 20. so you're young as hell and if you want to. know what relationships are like even though. you if you haven't been in one here's a place. to not look for an example. of how they should be movies. people seen too many. movies absolutely no relationship. has ever been like any relationship. in at least a hollywood. movie there's just no [ __ ] way well movies end dude movies. end on a [ __ ] high note yes life ain't life's. not a high note life's. full of notes and they're up. and they're down and they're down and they're down and they're up. and they're down and [ __ ] gets [ __ ] up dude jerry maguire ended nice you know what that's why. the graduate is so [ __ ] good yeah because they they go a little bit longer. than the end and then you see their smiles. fade and then they're just like oh. now we gotta live our life. actually like there's no such thing as a happy. ending uh that's much more honest. yeah than a [ __ ] cameron crow. movie for sure um but all all that being said that's just like a foundational. thing just be you're because you're so young. and you have a you're in this. like um petri dish of call. like college life yeah you're gonna meet so many women. just by the fact that you're standing there. right they're around they're around. and this is not a that's unique. to college and you know. grad school whatever same. thing you will meet more. women and you will have a variety of experiences. with them some good some bad. there's no reason to. generalize about all of them. you're going to meet one. and i know you're probably sick. of hearing this but dude. you are 20. yeah no i know. we're not so good one. that actually that you actually. like that actually likes you. back and then you're gonna be like oh my god remember how bitter i was yeah. and what you're feeling now. is not even going to. make sense to. you i had a chip on my lease. a little bit like give up. the grip a little bit. it'll go it'll pass. it'll go it'll get better. i have i had a chip on my shoulder. when i was younger. about about women you know. and like and and it went. away but it it but the you know it. can go away and and you know. because it's hard to. grow up and you want you know when you're figuring out. your sexuality and you like you know. you you like women and they're not liking. you or whatever it. is i mean not every woman's gonna. like you um but yeah dude. you're you're the good thing is. is that you're very selfaware. you're you seem like you've got a good head. on your shoulder on your shoulders. and it's okay to. live right now for the way. you want to. with the way you're for your work. and your you know you should be focused. on school and work and [ __ ] like that all that other [ __ ] will come but just be open to. it dude don't just shut him. out and say you know the second you adopt this. yeah oh i don't like women. or i don't like this. you're already half of that. is you just saying it. if you just stop saying that and then actively think like okay maybe i'm wrong. about it dude. you're gonna find someone the next day. it's also not true and you know. that's not you know that's not. right you know because you can tell you no that's not right. um dude you know it's wrong. to hate a certain group. of people yeah like first and i know he kind of just he was just speaking. and not everything he said was like we shouldn't [ __ ] hold him. to the um but yeah dude. uh you got this and then also uh you know. he said he's what a chemical engineer. yeah that's crazy yeah so yeah focus. on your work because we need people. like you to focus on your work. and don't get lost and you could be calling with all. sorts of women problems and then what happens. is uh all your your chemical engineering. gets [ __ ] up and then people die. and chemical spills and [ __ ] yep whoops. but baby but baby i didn't mean. to oh no the chemical spills yep. right gotta be careful. and then what does it deal. with toxicity literally okay yeah literally toxicity in our city. yeah yeah so that could be the episode. named toxicity yeah i think it's gonna be okay. or just toxicity okay but uh yeah i feel i feel you. bro but just get on get it. come on bro. you're so regimented in the rest of your life. chill with the women yeah dude. don't put the [ __ ] kibosh on that. [ __ ] don't really do anything just change your attitude. how about this i love all women. i can't wait to. meet the [ __ ] one that i'm going to. spend the rest of my life or whatever. yeah with you know like just pick ah yeah. what's that i don't know oh just what he's doing. you know cool sounds good. yeah i'm for that yeah. this was him walking though oh yeah. well i knew that yeah. but i didn't know what the tick. oh yeah was it was the shift. of perspective got it everything's rosy. and now he's walking down the street. like yeah okay all right. cool then do your [ __ ] i got a bone to. pick with you because i can't stop saying oops. wow and life rips and and things. that you guys say and now all my friends. and family yeah they don't like that. i'm so annoyed with you. that's okay dude what advice would. you give on not repeating. things like i have revert. they get stuck in your teacher. he just [ __ ] went just got back. to his life dude. it didn't end the video. dude you didn't even give a [ __ ] did it kept going it's still on this. is ed tv right. um yeah uh yeah dude. take a chicken stuck in your head. it gets stuck in my head. all the time but here's the good. thing i'll create a thing and then people will start doing it. and then i stop doing it because everyone starts. doing it okay so be your own. creator but what i would suggest too is. make everyone in your life. also talk like that yeah i know way. better dude everyone talks the way. we create it because we created. it and we won't back. down dude no we will not. back down there will be no backing. down yeah remember the first time. we said to. drunk i remember the first time. i said to. drunk no yep it was with uh that. um camera operator we used to. work with i don't want to. say his name but mike. okay well we don't have. to say his phone last night. he was drunk and uh yeah. no not not alba though no i know yeah. yeah yeah and uh and he was drunk. and i forget we were probably. somewhere up in sacramento. or some [ __ ] doing that thing oh oh yeah and he was drunk. and and we just i just said drunk. and we were already doing this. stuff and then you laughed so hard. because i texted it ask. apostrophe drunk for the first time. um yeah milestone what a milestone it was. a milestone dude yeah we who knew dude. i love when you create [ __ ] and you don't know it's gonna be a thing that's popping. off in your family. with your friends and it's the things. everything though you know what do you mean. technically everything is not planned. that it's gonna pop off. no i know well i know that. but but there's so few things that actually pop. off yes and sometimes you're like oh that's gonna pop. off and it it has no legs right. no legs right yeah but this is deeper. issues and the [ __ ] um defensivo yeah that [ __ ] that we do that that who knew that was gonna pop up yeah yeah um so yeah just roll with it even harder. man alienate your alienate yourself don't even. have family members that don't do. it this is a cult. bro okay super cold. no no oh you're giving back. subscribe by the way just make them. talk like you but that's kind of what. i mean by this is a cult. i don't actually mean talk about how the end. of the world is coming. but i don't want him to. get it twisted like if they don't. get on board then he separates his own. way so he don't want. to be solo like travis. bitcoin so basically he's he's failing. if he doesn't get them to. yeah keep being around. them and just you're failing. bro be better at it yeah. get better try and [ __ ] get them on board. also dude maybe he's not doing it. well maybe he's not doing it. those tubes that were great. that wasn't a great. it was he was forcing it. you know an announcer yeah. yeah yeah yeah and then also you know. life rips is obviously. you can't force life. riffs because life obviously just rips. but like yeah the just just uh you know. relax into it make it. be a part of you he's into. it yeah there's a difference between hey here's this. cool shirt i'm wearing and hey here's me. in this shirt be. more than hey here's me. in this shirt guy. yeah you know what i'm saying. yeah don't go out and get it. have it be in you and go. with it when it comes. out we've never said more. nothing than what we're saying. but you know what i mean. you know what we mean. though um yeah very cool. very cool all right. next all right now a word from our. sponsor betterhelp betterhelp is a lifesaver. it is honestly one of the greatest. things i've ever discovered and i'm very happy. to be able to. share it on this. show with you life is hard. and better hope is extremely helpful. and as the world's largest. therapy service better help has matched three million. people with professionally licensed and vetted. therapists available 100 online plus it's affordable uh just fill out. a brief questionnaire to. match with a therapist and if you don't like that therapist if things aren't exactly. clicking you can easily switch to. a new therapist anytime it could not be simpler. no waiting rooms no traffic no endless searching for the right. therapist better help does. it all for you learn. more and save 10 off. your first month at betterhelp dot com. lifeline that's better help help. dot com slash lifeline. we the holidays are here. the holidays are here it is the season. of giving people things we are popping. our merch all over the place. thank you thanks to. ship station ship station is the bomb. as uh my mom says the most. wonderful time of the year. is also the most hectic time. of the year everyone puts. off shopping until the last minute. i know i do and if you have an online. store you know the feeling. of getting hit with a ton. of orders all at once. when you're buried in orders and emails. from stress customers you will wish you had. ship station ship station turns. holidays ship storms into. smooth sailing so you can keep your customers happy. and still find time. to enjoy some eggnog shipstation. keeps us prepared for lifeline. drops and the holiday season for our merch everybody. loves ship station over 130. 000 companies have grown their ecommerce businesses with ship. station and 98 of companies that stick. with ship station for a year. become customers for life baby for life. this holiday season give yourself the gift. of stressfree holiday shipping. use the promo code. lifeline today at shipstation. dot com to. sign up for your free. 60day trial that's shipstation. dot com promo code. lifeline so i'm in a bit of a dilemma. my dilemma is that every person. you put on the show is white. trash no i'm kidding um. i am in a dilemma. though uh and yeah i don't have a therapist because you know expensive. but i would if i could but that's why. i have you guys anyways. um my issue is that every guy that genuinely likes me. and cares for me. never gets me something it. is like really good for me. i [ __ ] like i don't like freak. out in front of them. right but like i like get someone attracted to. them i get the ick and like i don't know. why and i'm like do i have daddy. issues and i'm like no my dad. was pretty good like i don't. know why like i'm not lesbian. i'm not asexual it's just like i don't know what to. do about it like do i go. like i don't know i'm i'm i'm confused. you think you're confused i'm [ __ ] confused. like why why do like women. like i mean a onewoman show. a onewoman show that's the most. sunburned person i've seen without that. that's about some person i've seen that. didn't say anything about their sunburn. i thought she was i thought that. was makeup that she was doing i had no. idea is it okay. it has to. be if it's [ __ ] november dude but anyway yeah okay so what's this question she's asking she's asking she doesn't she likes guys. that don't like her and and girl and she likes guys. that don't like her and guys that like her. don't she gets the ick what the [ __ ] uh chris explain. yeah what's going on i don't get either. don't replay it once. a guy starts to. like her she gets turned. off oh dude you got to. go to therapy once a day. you got once a day. you gotta go to. therapy every day that that is the worst. possible thing that's so weird. man you gotta go to. i don't want to. say it's weird but it's [ __ ] weird dude hey dude he got problems and it's fine but figure it out right it has to. it very clearly has to. do with how you feel about. you yeah dude because if if every time a guy starts. to like you you're like like yo this. guy sucks then like you clearly have to. think about how you think about you you've gotta you've got an insecurity. issue about yourself you got to. realize deep down and i mean deep down like in your heart. deep deep down in your tummy. deep all right under your [ __ ] you got to. realize that you're this [ __ ] and if you do then them liking you isn't gonna dry y'all. up right it's not gonna dry you. all up and you're gonna be like oh [ __ ] my towel budget has skyrocketed okay yeah you know what i'm saying i know what you're saying no bro. i don't think that that's really right. actually it's not accurate i think it's not. an accurate portrayal of her. percentage that the towel budget will. go up that's absolutely ridiculous. that's ridiculous dude that's ridiculous. you're basically proposing that she's gonna make herself. wet because people are gonna like her and then she's gonna be able. to do the horizontal mambo. more towel budget is going to. have to go up. because she's going to. always have dirty towers. because she's now okay you know. i don't mean to. be gross but it's like well you're being gross. yeah so it's like deep. deep love for yourself. you have to. have deep love for you. don't go overboard some. people just need to. like themselves a little bit more. you don't have to. go around this world having a deep. immense love for yourself. i think you do you don't i don't. have that for myself you just need then there you go. i know but i'm insecure. and i wish no but okay. you need a healthy dose. of everything everything in moderation. but you can't be so down. on yourself that anytime someone else. likes you you're like ew. this person's a [ __ ] [ __ ] uhhuh right. that's not good you gotta give yourself. a little bit of love. see what happens do you think i'm going. overboard and you've got to. reel it back in a little bit. for yes okay yes you yes uh yeah dude. i mean i think that uh basically you just gotta work. on loving yourself a little bit. more and then once a guy likes you you. know maybe he [ __ ] maybe it doesn't i don't know. it is kind of weird. though it's like that whole thing. i can't remember what comedian. says it but i don't want to. be a member of of any club. that would have me yeah. that's groucho marx is it. yeah um and it's just like uh yeah. it's just it's a tough thing. right because it because it's that. exclusivity that oh you don't like me. well what the what the hell. yeah i mean it would make more sense. if you were younger we've got to. get past that [ __ ] though it's like a younger. person like i could see being like oh well you like me. now it's time to. move on i gotta get somebody. else to like me right. but like you don't look that. no offense you don't look. you don't look like a teenager. yeah yeah um work on loving. yourself and as you work on. loving yourself every day put a little cash aside right every day and then once you truly love yourself you'll be able to. go buy the towels that you need wow. okay but another thing. i would say why is she saying. everybody in the show's [ __ ] white. trash that was the joke. i think i didn't mean. that i don't i don't i think that was a joke. yeah i don't feel like that. that's not even true first of. all no i don't think so at all not even. close well what's it say go. up i mean the eyebrows. on this chick right. here well we stop liking guys. a guy the second he returned. oh yeah go go on. the internet for this. answer yeah the worst boys. like a girl likes a boy. boy let's go back never. mind girl doesn't like boy anymore. who gives having a crush on someone. is almost like a drug it. makes you giddy and nutty warm and fuzzy. nervous and eager it almost it's almost an addictive. feeling yeah i agree. with the emotional highs and excitement we feel just a simple. interaction acting is feel for the rest of our day yeah sure yeah i get it. sometimes it's about the thrill of the chase. uh yeah i understand. that why they have been benedict. cumberbatch you know go down what's he saying. in that the thrill of the chase. the blood pumping through your veins. is just the two of us. against the rest of the world. that's what he said in. some stupid movie um you want you. always want what you can't. have yeah but that's [ __ ] supply. and demand dude but that's so immature like supply. and demand right just yeah and this that could be a title. too supplying the man. supply and the man. okay but honestly get over it. get over whatever's stopping you you're an adult. be an adult [ __ ] we hate saying. get over it because it's not so easy. but be an adult. in the adult [ __ ] world yeah she dissed our audi our audience. i don't i don't like it. i mean it was let's just assume it. was a joke because it's just so not true. it wasn't even what's the joke. then that will you have white. trash in her or orange. is white trash what's. the joke that's not a joke. you don't make that joke. up out of thin. air that's nothing yeah so you're like saying. you're saying it's literally the same. thing as saying like how come everybody. who calls in is a donkey. yes okay yes i mean. we've definitely had one. or two so that's not an insult. white trash is a derogatory term. oh get it get it. okay maybe she's maybe she's white trash that's what i'm saying. that's why that [ __ ] sunburn right. yeah true and then she did have some wood. paneling in the background. i think she's [ __ ] i hate this. i hate the name call. but you know park. hole in the kettle we could have been like that. but we didn't do it. right i said something. like that one you did. yeah okay cool all right. i don't listen all. right cool all right. here we go oh oh wow. it's an hourglass his head. is an hourglass wow a peanut. what a person matt so my question. to you guys is this. guy would defend i've been working in this. retail phone retail store for a year and four months and i'm on trade. school doing hvac oh nice but i also find another good paint. job position but you know. i'm kind of loyal to. my job and i don't know if i should quit i could definitely get significantly. fit significantly more pay in my in the other job. but i'm just very doubtful i don't know. what to do how do you think i should take this. to my boss and how do you think i should tell them. uh that i'm leaving for a better. position i appreciate you guys. for your time and thank you. it's never been more there's never been someone. there's never been someone. that is more equally. percentage every single race. that's ever been that guy's a good. bomb dude yeah he's a great. oh dude that guy you're right. he's the most loyal person in the world. and you can tell just by his head. defend you to the death. yeah he would do it and he would never leave. you dude he had his same. girlfriend from when he first met. the girl right right and marry her. has kids would defend. their honors so much unbelievable. and always shows to. work in a [ __ ] black tank. top dude and eat dinner. with a black tank. top on right right right. when you play the beginning. of that he loves taco tuesdays. because i want to. hear what he says the very beginning. yeah taco tuesday what up chris and matt so my question. to you guys is i've been working in this. retail phone retail store i'd be working for a year and four months. and i'm on trade. school doing hvac but i also find another good paint. job position but you know. i'm kind of loyal to. my job okay what is hvac. yeah yeah okay and what we're gonna say. i was gonna say i think he's just trying. to um find uh this is the job. he's working until he's done. with hvs yes but then so in the interim like he found a better. job for just the interim part. oh so trade schools he's. not stopping trade school no. matter what sounds like okay don't stop trade. school you're gonna make a [ __ ] good living doing that [ __ ] hvac. is highly in demand [ __ ] people need that [ __ ] yeah uh okay so i found out what it was but yeah yeah um dude if you got a better. paying job in the interim talk. to your boss and just be like hey yeah i love it. here and i love you. but i need to. make money and this other job. is offering me more. money how am i gonna buy [ __ ] black tank. tops for taco tuesday yeah yeah no but seriously though like you are clearly a good guy your boss. understands that you are a good. guy because he knows you already. he'll understand dude he would do the same. thing yeah you can't stay. at a phone company just out. of loyalty you're loyal. to a fault dude. you're loyalty like you're loyal. to nokia you know like just [ __ ] move on dude they don't they don't care what i do they don't give a [ __ ] yeah you know ever since snake you know it's like dude he's [ __ ] you know go to. your boss and be like look boss. you know i'm loyal. to my soil but still man. like you know you just want to. say loyalty yeah i did i did. my son is the stupidest. thing in the world and people say it. people say it mean it. you know i'm a little to. my soil dog yeah yeah that's not good. to say no it's not good. to say at all dude. yeah but people who say it. all the time and then they do it. like this hey man. um hey doug i'm loyal. to my soil oh my god more hey dog i'm loaded. to my soil i keep waiting. for you to forget. about this [applause] wow. wrong uh yeah dude. yeah all right i don't know. man you're doing good though. you're [ __ ] you're gonna be the [ __ ] dude that guy with no job [ __ ] awesome if he uh put for real war like um what do they call it mascara like the purple up no that's not mascara is it but it's like um i blush eyeshadow eye shadow dude i should wear eye shadow i'm telling you check your [ __ ] life because it got real nice eyelids and [ __ ] they were always at half. mast the guy looks high but he's never smoked. weed you know. because he's about those soil. no yeah he he doesn't do drugs. um he should do both jobs. both what jobs yeah take the job. and then just reduce his hour. to the phone please oh then he might get overworked with the trade. school though um yeah three things you don't want to. burn out he's not jimmy. if you're jamaican you can do that. but if you're well he's a little bit equal. race expectation not jamaican the guys that stack jobs. like that no it's not i thought. it's jamaican no no the haitian's. down in florida really. got like eight jobs. okay haitians okay fine you make me. out to be a racist. but no no that's you making you out. to be racist no. uh all right so what else. we got hi matt. and chris my name is ollie. this one i'll probably tell from my accent. i'm from australia i don't know. but i'm actually gonna be you look like that. though and everybody looks like that. in the us for about a year. um i leave in a couple weeks. obviously it's gonna be a bit of a cultural. shock for me um rocking. up from another country. and everything um so i was wondering if you guys had any tips. or advice for me. on how to. kind of fit into your. culture a little bit better i know you guys do stuff. like tipping and driving on. the wrong side of the road. um things like that which we don't really do. here um so yeah it's just funny. if you had any advice for me on how i can kind of fit into. your culture and little things i can expect when i get there. anyway any advice would be super handy. um so yeah have a good. one and uh life rips. yeah oh yeah dude you're gonna do great. you're an australian guy that. looks like that american and is going. to love you yeah. do it that's the end i wanted. to know anything about about american. culture you're gonna kill the guy's acting like he's in japan. it's [ __ ] australia you know no i get i get where he's come from but he doesn't realize what. he's bringing to. the table go back. one you know yeah americans. american women love us like the accent. um yeah no he'll be fine. with that um you look good you. look good yeah i feel like he could probably uh uh he's fine. he'll be fine 100. all right i understand. you know yeah you tip. in australia too don't you oh no. you don't do you tip. in australia i don't know. if you dependent anywhere besides here do. you tip initiative in australia. dude um he said he's gonna be here for a year. one year yeah four a year one. year or in a year one. year guy's gonna be [ __ ] loaded. up man yeah guy's gonna be loaded. up man he's gonna just gonna love that dude. yeah oh the guy can't. wait the guy can't. wait yeah oh uh i went to. australia once bath bathe daily like make sure you're clean. yeah not to profile australians. but like no americans. are clean freaks yeah more. americans are clear. i i i take a shower. every single day uh people always think i don't i take a shower. every day and your voice. smells fantastic i don't know they think our hair looks greasy but that has nothing to. do with how often you should they just say [ __ ] like we look like greasy birds. but dude i'll tell you right. now i shower every day. and your boy smells [ __ ] fantastic. i shower every day yeah i understand. but i'm yeah good that's fine. i mean i don't think you need. to shower every day but i i do i guess. i don't every day. yeah and i'll miss a day. every once i don't miss a day. yeah you don't yeah and i smell. fantastic and you you would admit. that yeah you've never smelled not. good yeah so there you go. haters everyone thinks that i i look like i smell. bad and i don't shower. who thinks that i don't know i'm just maybe. i don't know i'm just saying you smell. bad no okay well you smell. good dude i think if people looked at me. and you think does. that you think that guy. smells bad they might be like yeah he might smell. bad no i don't i mean. maybe because i know you so well but i can't. really get out of the mindset. but you're you're like a clean. freak look at all. these things cultural gift. giving gifts are usually given on special. occasions imagine googliness and try. to find out like people tend. to open give this is so asian to. look up for america. but what is it it's just it's rude. to ask directly how much a gift. costs i mean you know. what are they oh this. is really nice how much. was this thanks a lot. for this chocolate how much was it would it take you back. every gift you know it. is insulting to. it's a giveaway or regift. or throw away oh thanks so much. for this oh no guy would love it. how much was it i'll tell him. tell me yeah get over. here uh look at this. regift or throw away. the gift don't do this. if you do so do not make this. gift known to the do. not make this known to. the gift giver wow. so they're saying if you're gonna be shitty. just don't tell anybody about it. we know you know yeah. yeah yeah is it rude. to eat look at this. is it rudy with your mouth. open open lick your plate lick your plate. what are you a dog. all right so thank you for meeting. with me really good steak. was great oh you're paying for it. how much was it all can't. wait to throw this up. in my friend's mouth disgusting. hit three all in one. asking how much it is licking. the plate and [ __ ] regifting yeah uh uh wow all right all right. you're gonna do fine. it doesn't matter what the cultural. mores are here you look. like that and sound like that. but that's hilarious to. ask as an australian i get it. though it's not that crazy. okay is that weird i went. to australia and i just pretty much winged it. and i think i was pretty polite. and good oh you're on the most. wanted list in australia though. you didn't know that yeah you know. why i robbed six. banks yeah yep that'll do it. sydney australia rub three banks two in melbourne. and then one in adelaide. giving yourself up well. this yeah there's no extraditional yeah. there is definitely between australia. let's go next i mean. oh oh chris no way. i've been a long time. fan love the new show. david was wondering if you got some advice. for me uh finding more alone. time with your significant. other when uh you may. have a baby you may. get a new puppy you know. something like that and your schedule's a little bit. busier than it used. to be uh my girlfriend and i we just got a puppy things. are always great it's just sometimes. we find each other a little bit. more tired uh just wondering what you guys. thought give me some advice. thanks guys that was a cool. video dude every time we talk about something the beginning. of the thing it shows. up later on the episode. he's doing the cigarettes thing. and you were talking about advertising. cigarettes in a place what about cigarettes. then we're talking about advertising. cigarettes in place and you couldn't do it. and then he's [ __ ] stacking. cigarettes oh oh this. is really weird man. didn't even notice um yeah. dude uh okay okay i feel differently. about this than i think a lot. of people so why don't you go. ahead uh and then i got something. to this i could go so look i have a wife and a son. four dogs i i maybe i'm codependent. i don't ever want a loan time. i i don't want that. i love being at home. and i you know look i do go. on the road but i bring them. a lot i go on the road. and i guess i i guess i i don't i don't know like you have a job. you work nine to. this is what i don't get you. have a job you work down at five say and i don't know if you do or not but like generally you work. nine to five you are away. from your family i guess. that's technically not alone. time but when you get home. don't you want to. just be with your family. what is alone time. to you first of all. you he means quality time. with his partner i thought. he said he wants more. alone time no did he not say. that he meant with his partner. oh all right well that's different. that's different okay yeah yeah. yeah uh quality time with the partner. when you have things like a baby. and a puppy that does. oh he met alone. time with his significant other okay. gotcha yeah i mean i don't. know if people do date night once a week. yeah i mean i think i think typically. specifically men are very resistant to. like the committed day of. the week or time of the day. that you do this. thing men are very like kneejerk they have a kneejerk preference for spontaneity but there really is something to. be said for the thing. that's on the calendar that. you do all the time. it's like maintenance dude it's like this. is the this is the uh time. you have therapy every week. this is the time you have just youtube. time every week it's like you. gotta as life gets longer. and we get older like more. and more [ __ ] fills our life and you gotta schedule. the [ __ ] that's important. and that's a good way. to [ __ ] make sure you commit the time and you know when it's on the calendar you. know he studies sometimes he's just too tired. it's like well then rest up for that. [ __ ] make sure you're not tired at that time. you know my my i had a therapist that. used to say. this is a while ago. but you used to. say like dude you you take your car. to the shop you got to. take your relationship there too you. know like it needs maintenance. basically what you were saying. yeah um yeah dude um i i think men view. quality time as being together. and women view quality of time. as doing something you know. yeah with the person yeah so i bro. i i don't you know. but but this guy seems like he's coming. from more of the female. perspective and he boy he's just willing. he's whatever he's done for whatever. got it as long. as it's i say quality. time yeah i don't know. sometimes you know you're in a relationship. where it's like but we want more. quality time it's like what the [ __ ] do they used. to be with this with this. girl that was like uh but we never talk. and i'm like oh we've been doing. is talking and i don't she's like yeah. but we just talk about [ __ ] and i'm like oh so she meant about things. about substance deep [ __ ] yeah but we do what. we say i've been with you. for two years what do you want. me to i don't understand. i never understood it i still don't understand. it no you don't talk. about deep [ __ ] you don't so she was right. you should apologize to. her right now that's my one. x i don't talk to. anymore okay well i think that it's high time. to talk to. her and to. apologize to her. hey sorry i never talked. about deep [ __ ] who the [ __ ] was that yeah um yeah yeah you don't talk about deep [ __ ] though i'd rather talk about pants. or something i know that. but you should mix in deep [ __ ] goes what did she want. what did she mean. what who my ex you. don't talk about [ __ ] of substance that matters. big ideas big things that matter. in life the future. the [ __ ] gotta see my new act. bro i'm crushing see what i'm saying. oh that's all you want to. talk about whatever that and like people who have seen. you on stage and liked you whatever. that's like you'll be like oh costus mandalore. i love that guy. he's a fan of mine. you know what i mean. who's cost us mandalore the. the sexy greek guy uh that was in a bunch of [ __ ] in the 90s. you would be like oh i love that. guy i think it might be like why. and you'd be like oh i saw him. at a show a saw movie and also he was in so much. something i literally just watched called. blowback with uh um uh uh that ufc fighter uh [ __ ] what's his name oh he's in a bunch of this song he was sexy dude is he still sexy uh no no i mean he's you know he's like more of a uh a nonsexy guy now like a character. actor kind of guy yeah oh looks look at his ig. he's just look at him. with the dog yeah yeah so he's there's costas mandal. or that there he is being a [ __ ] pimp wow. where is he right. there yeah how about we click on one. well that's just him because that's better. yeah right there he keeps skipping it there. we go there he is that's him. no that's a different person. unless that's from a while ago. no uh oh wow what's that. dude i'm gonna show it. i mean his [ __ ] legs are spread so wide. dude yeah costas is back. it says how much is he so ridiculous. for ridiculously famous in brazil. you know in greece oh he's greece. greece he's he's greek okay well anyway uh no i i talk about elevated. things a lot okay. yep kind of getting such a big. argument menu after the show. um yeah so okay well all right. all right do we want to. do one last one or the one. last one hey what's going on. guys conor coming to. you from shanghai china whoa. whoa and i have a question. for you guys about patience um so i'm under lockdown along. with everyone else in the city. 25 million people as i can believe it. so what's going on in china. with the outbreak here zero. zero covet policy is what's going. on could be from a while. ago too oh right. it could be still going. on you see that [ __ ] no i know there's a new thing going on oh right. yeah no it's a while it. could have been a while ago. yeah yeah who knows when they have an outbreak. they shut things down. jesus yes exactly yeah shut. it down dude it's it's not even. that bad china china doesn't want. it dude you cough a little bit. china doesn't want it okay. let's do it and um it's a it's a difficult. situation for a lot of people because we don't know. when lockdown is going to. end um it's similar to. solitary confinement where we are. confined to our apartments um we can't see anyone. else we can't go outside. we can't go for a walk. what um and uh originally it. was supposed to. last five days and it's been 40. so far oh probably closer. to 50 when you guys see this. video so the question is how to. deal with god this situation. that we are in and how to. be positive and be patient. um when you know you can't control. it and you and you don't know. when it's going to. end um which i think a lot. of us um foreigners and chinese. people included are are struggling with uh to. some degree yeah um i love it. here i love being in china. and uh so you know doing a spin move. as chris would say and uh leaving. china is not going to. be an option for for uh your advice. to us um let me know. what you guys think and uh as always life. rips even when it doesn't. that's right appreciate it. bro i think i get those [ __ ] prison workouts. in those [ __ ] burpees and jumping around and just [ __ ] get shredded there's no excuse not to. be shredded at the end of the day. i mean not the end. of the day but then that's crazy. this obviously an old video but man. i mean dude you got to. be shredded you got to. be jacked pick up a talent. get good at those [ __ ] uh you know where you try to. [ __ ] swing the ball up into. the cup you know. i mean how do you eat by. the way how do you get i was just gonna say. how does that work gotta be. able to go to. the grocery store i guess. or something i don't know who knows. government workers just come in like sealed up. suits and they're just like your dinner. so god bro what a nightmare oh. i think honestly that's that. [ __ ] sucks man what do you do. and what's even the advice. video games uh workouts um you know read i have a good one i have a good one become an expert in something you've always been interested in becoming not don't become good at it don't become pretty knowledgeable. about something become a [ __ ] expert like whether it's like a historical thing you wanted to. know about some kind of uh science. thing you wanted to. know about whatever it is just like a certain animal. wildlife a [ __ ] ex become an expert at that and you can because you have access to. the internet of nothing else. yeah do they have the access to. internet in china oh yeah it's there. i'm kidding it's their internet. but it's it's still internet i know. right you know i mean. they get the limited internet. but yeah yeah but it's pretty. it's pretty you know watch. my specials that would be great. um yeah over and over again. watch chris's specials yeah dude. oh man that's a rough one dude. i'm sorry sorry that that. happened what else even. is there to. say this is [ __ ] brutal. yeah 50 days oh i've not even [ __ ] of not even seeing people and no human touch my gosh. he said he sounds like he lives. with someone though right. if he lives with someone thank god. dude that's great but also if he doesn't though. scary to live with someone. also you definitely have to. start singing r b. because look at your face. right i mean dude. the guy shows beards. it looks like you strap. it off 100 this how he gets ready. to go out it's the beer. yeah the guy's just [ __ ] oh yeah oh yeah dude 100 percent um all right. well uh yeah that's the show. my friends go to. go to chrysalia dot com. that's the show my friends. and lovers and children. of the world okay. okay uh oh you know. go to go to. chrissy dot com go to. chrissy dot com get your tickets. right you could go to. mattdelia dot com to. get the sessions with matt. and then you could go to. watch lifeline dot com if you have a uh if you want to. submit a video and then get your merch. at lifelinemerch dot com you can also get this. at crystalleergut dot com thank you very much order it order it up for friends and family holiday we hey hello hello hello hello [music] 