 [music] runk all right well i'll be in augusta and north charleston among a bunch. of other dates go. to chris lea dot com. i'm there next week augusta. or this week augusta and north charleston so get your tickets. at chris lea dot com. and uh the special at chris. lea dot com and a bunch of other cities. and on my australian date. is on my australian dates. are on tour i'm in new zealand. uh so uh anyway this is um the ne. what episode is it 378. of [music] congratulations well it is look. i as you notice i got this. cowboy hat on i don't really. the rest of me. in that cowboy right. now but the insides. are you know what i mean. uh i'm a i'm a i went to. stage coach dude i went. to stage coach and let me just tell you something. man from years of making fun. of festivals and stage coach. and you know not even. just stage coach but just ultra making fun. of coachella you know my my and you know if you've listened to. the past few episodes. you talk you know you know. about me and going. to stage coach and how it all came about. you know my wife was like i want. to go and i was like oh we'll see and then hardy. hooked it all up. and we went let me. you know i don't even know. i guess i could tell the you know. we get in the car friday. it takes and look we're there for three. days okay you go to. a festival for three days. that's basically your your job. you you have a new job. for three days and if you're not a singer. which you're not i'm not maybe you are if you're listening. but you're a festival goer and you work. so hard there trying to. have fun and also not have your legs. collapse from under you because of either. the uh uh dehydration or the wrong. shoes okay now i wore shoes i have okay i wore shoes. i have which means i've worn them. before which means i've worn them. quite a bit before yes. they're boots and i've been in my boot era. i've been in my boots era. i've worn boots before. i've worn boots on stage. all right i've got red wings i've got i even. had yeezy boots which were so there. they're comfortable okay yeezy make comfortable stuff. you got to understand. yeezy makes comfortable stuff okay the first day. i put my red wings on and boy. was that country man i mean. we're talking i look like arthur morgan. right look like red dead. redemption and i had a black hat. my wife dressed me. dude and i'm i'm cool. with it my wife. is like what what do. you what do you want to. wear what should you wear and i go you dress me like putting her to. it and she says really and i say yep. she laid it all out. on the bed she says which ones. do you want to. bring and i go all of them. brought all the hats brought all. the shirts brought the tshirts. brought the pants and the boots okay. so i put them on h. she's in the room by the way. so i put them on and uh and we went so we went friday. i put the red wings on the red. wing boots on. and i looked good i had a black i had a black uh sweater. on she was like don't wear the sweater. i was like well you know you put the sweater. in the back so technically you did. kind of you know what. i mean you did kind of actually. dress this and so you shouldn't have put the sweater. in the bag if you did. if i wasn't allowed. to wear the sweater. so i wore the sweater. and uh and um i uh hold on my phone. whoops let me turn the ringer. down i um the boots were fine. all good second day. i was like you know what i'm gonna. put on a different outfit denim. on denim dude was killing. it okay second day. put the yeezy boots on and and kristen's friends. were like those are cool. boots and i said yeah. and you know what's great. these are yeezy so they're comfortable. when i had the word comfortable. come out of my mouth. i thought i wonder actually if this is true. you know cuz you walk all day. by the end of the day. my feet looked like a sarlac. pit dude my feet my the blisters. i'll send you a picture of it. so we could put it up. right here i took a picture of it. it is the biggest blister. you've ever seen in the world. oh it's so pink dude. the back of his the back. of his heel is so pink it. looks like you can [ __ ] it yay dude. yay oh dude i and guess what man. i'm disgusting i'm disgusting. for that it bled dude i told her. i said man my feet. are bleeding she was laughing like i was not telling the truth. but one thing i am is. country and a truth teller. okay and i and and i took out my my my my socks. red talk about red dead redemption dude. dead i mean red and then also uh the next day. i put i had to. put on regular shoes i. was not country anymore. from my feet down i put on regular shoes. took those shoes off the third. day guess what so [ __ ] bloody disgusting. put on four bandaids were soaked. so anyway the picture of the uh the the the blisters right. here and i made a little face out. of it too here i sent. it to her friends. just as a joke um let me just tell you the country. world and now look you know i know these guys right. i know i you know i don't i don't know morgan. wallen really i met him. this weekend but i i i know ernest i know. i know hardy i know you know. i met jelly roll. this weekend uh all the dudes all right. and then a bunch of country. you know singer uh sarah evans and um i don't know. what i'm doing there you know. look hey i just put the hat on. and and for a second i was like am i fronting. but then i was like man. it's kind of just like halloween you. know even when country music. singers dress up they're dress. it's kind of halloween for them. too you know unless they're really on the ranch. and with a rope and a cow. and a and a and a and a and a horse. it's like just wear just wear the wear sweats you know. what i'm talking about so um so these guys. hardy was was was nice enough. to invite us and it was so fun. his wife is absolutely amazing. he's amazing the guy such a talent. like i mean they're all they're all great. they're all on that stage for reason. you know ernest is great. his voice is amazing. he's a killer songwriter and uh we saw him. too hardy's rock and roll. you know and uh and country and i just love that. dude i love that. he's like you know really aggressive. out there and it's cool. to see man. and i'm watching them and i'm going. [ __ ] yeah dude me too that's what i'm doing and uh whatever he's saying i go me too he says my you know i got up on the wrong. side of the truck. bed or whatever i go. me too he said i made this rock. song i go i go me. too you know what i mean. um and uh so shout out to. them really for making us. feel great uh my my wife. did a um what what do. you call it shotgun beer. with uh with hardy there it. was real country man she's from north carolina. anyway uh the first night dude. we went and we got there. and it takes so long to. get to the [ __ ] festival dude. i don't know i the whole time. i'm at the festival i'm. thinking is this worth it. my feet my t my i'm 44. my b dude have you ever. walked for more than like five. hours it why it. destroys you you ever been around. and not down i'm not even going. to say walking you ever. not sat down for 5. hours hey dude destruction my lower back. destroyed my legs destroyed i'm in a river. of red my feet bleeding. destruction oh hey oh oh hey destruction hey up it's about that five hour mark and i and i said to. my i said to. my friends hey uh are is your body destroyed. and they say yeah kinda and i say is it. worth it and they say well we had a good time. you know and i say yeah. but it sucks now i'm destroyed. you ever been around without sitting down. for five hours yo as a 44. yearold you can't do that so the first night. we we we were watch we were there. we were looking at uh. eric church we were watching. jelly roll killer jelly. roll killer um so good and um and we get back to. the car and i'm like all. right let's go we stay. the hotel's 15 minutes away. from the festival which you know. i'm like ah this sucks. i thought it was closer. but because i'm like i know it's going. to get hard you think that's funny. babe she's laughing 15. minutes sucks when you're because you know it's going. to take so long to. get into the festival. right when you hey you ever park. at a festival you're not there. yet you ever park at. a festival you could be in a different. being real being real being real it's you're like oh i parked in one. c but not in the city. of the actual festival okay. so so i went to. uh so we got out. we left and got in that. car drove i i say hey to. night went off without without a hitch. i said to. my wife hey uh put the address. of the hotel in the uh in the in the in the thing. so in the navigation so we can get there. because i don't know where the hell i. am i'm in india. you know and she says okay. does it and by the way. she does the thing where i like to. use the car navigation because it's part. of the car i'm driving. the car i want to. use the car navigation and she's always like. no use apple play because it switches. to the you can't use the navigation. because it's hard because we're using apple. play we have to. switch back to the navig. i go all right fine. we'll do it your way. she clicks it we go. to the you know we're driving and they do. the where they shut down. roads right for no [ __ ] i don't give a [ __ ] that there's 100,000 people there they do it for they do it the cops do it just cuz they oh there's a festival we got to. shut some roads down we got to. make it so they got to. go this way you know well they can't. go this way now then because it's going. to be too easy. and and they won't be they think we're [ __ ] more they're too we are right. they're too dumb so make them. all go this way siphon. them all into. this way siphon them. so we're all getting siphoned you know. and we go to. uh we start taking a drive. back to the hotel. and we we can't take a right. to go to our hotel. so i go oh [ __ ] we got to. go a different way cops. are just you know doing the thing. with they're and i i'm you watch the cop. go go by as you drive. by oh [ __ ] that was my [ __ ] exit all right whatever i'll get it up there it always goes right up there too you know you get to. the next one you go. right then you get to. the next one you go. right you're make it a circle. right and you go to. the next one to. make right which was the right. you were going to. make in the first place. but now you're making the third. right and you're going back. to the place that you wanted. to go to it's blocked. off so you go oh [ __ ] go by the way nine extra minutes okay so you go i can't make a right what the [ __ ] but we need to. take a right into. the thing so we could take another. right back into the place. where i could go to. the [ __ ] okay all right you know i'm going to. keep going straight i'll keep going. straight and maybe there's another way to. do it there were i tried. four different ways couldn't. get to the hotel. because it was completely. bucked off now i'm pissed. okay now i'm already pissed. my feet hurt ti. heaven okay and i'm like this. is absolutely terrible but okay. whatever i go to. um i finally i get to. the point where i'm like i got to. ask this [ __ ] cop. like what the [ __ ] dude. okay and like it's a cop. so i'm not going to. i don't want to. get arrested you know and i'm like i'm i'm i'm is there a shooting or something you know why is everything. blocked off roll down the window. of the cop hey hey excuse me sorry. officer but we got to. get in there which is the blocked. off area and he says you you you. can't are you a resident and i i said. well we're staying in there. so i mean like we don't live. there but the hotel. the hotel's in there so we got to. go that way he's like n. you got to turn around. go until you see the 111. and then take the 111. and that's how you get there. and i say the one all right. you know you don't want to. you're you're holding up traffic so okay. then you look at the 111. where the where's the 111. oh the 111. is 5 minutes away. so i'm like hey that's in my head. i'm like that's the wrong way. what the [ __ ] is this cop. talking about all right what. is this cop talking. about so now we go up. and turn around and take to. the next left i'm trying to. take a left back into. the um way to. get to the hotel. the lady cop now and another cop. there's a lady cop and another cop. and i say hey listen. he says yeah you got to. turn around i say buddy. that's what the last cop. said we need to. get in there because we're staying in there. and they said well it's locked off. till 2: and oh [ __ ] it's only 12:30. okay so now i'm like for an hour. and a half we just got to. be circling you know. so i tred to. go another way the cop. says no it's blocked off. it's blocked off so dude. i'm so i am imagine me. in this situation i just want to. get home i'm so tired. i call the hotel i said kristen. get him on the horn. what it's a hotel's fault. they don't know how to. get there there's no access to. get there they should have prepped us. okay called the hotel dude. the way the guy picked up hello. i help you i'm blood curdling. like don't know something like hey bud know something's up. right just hello how may i help. you renaissance hotel we're everything's all. good no it's not dude. everything couldn't be more chill. we're absolutely chilltastic what's up. how may i help. you how may i help. you enjoy your stay i'm not enjoying my stay. in fact i'm not even staying right. now i'm driving i keep circ so i i try to. cal you know cuz it's not the guy's fault. right so i say hey buddy uh hey man. um i got to. you know it's blocked off. so uh how do we get in to. the the hotel because everything's blocked. off and the guy says excuse me and i say oh i might head. him like we're going to. play that game okay so here's the deal. the the we can't get to. the hotel so it's blocked. off so so what's going on. how do we get into. the hotel because because surely we're not the first call. you've gotten about this. right and he says oh no i haven't heard about it. now i have to. check i have to. check if i'm dead right. i have to check if i'm dead. because i'm so pissed off. right and and and and i have to. f my pulse and i say yeah. but um everyone's staying at your hotel. it's full and i can't get there. which means other people can't get there. it's blocked off so what's going on and and he said i don't know. and i said so you you know. so what is it and he says i don't know. there was a fire far away. but i don't think it's the fire. says is there a shooting or something. he says i don't know. say hang up we hang up. dude kristen's friend from the back. seat after an hour and 15. minutes says i think wait hold. on is the right. address in the thing and i said what. i said huh. she says is the right. address in the and i was like what. are you talking about she said it's 444 and wa look. dude kristen put the [ __ ] address of the festival into. the goddamn google dude. she put the address. of the festival when we were leaving. the festival here's a kicker dude. the parking was so far. from the festival that it just seemed normal. it was 15 minutes to. the [ __ ] festival from the parking. space dude and 15. minutes to the hotel. so i'm just driving just circling the festival. trying to argue with cops. that i live in the festival. no dude we it's blocked. up i'm trying this [ __ ] guy right. who's that [ __ ] that sitcom actor trying. to get it to. the festival like he's saying he lives. there no we got to. go in cuz we live there. we live under the stage. dude i was so mad. and i go like this. no well that's not what happened. i to my wife. dude i i i yelled a little bit it. didn't seem like i yelled. to me but it seemed like i yelled. to sometimes you do this. thing as a guy where you don't. think you're yelling but women think you're yelling. you know and i get it. if you're in a small car. with them and you ra your voice. it seems like you're you know. you're yelling so you know it's all. good and we got it. worked out we stayed and we still had a great. [music] time um what i do when i go back. to the hotel oh dude. i was like maybe i am yelling. you know cuz her friends. thought i was yelling. too and i was like [ __ ] i'm outnumbered you know i was like [ __ ] i got a an anger problem. crystal wasn't even room. she was with her friends. because she was like fine. i won't even be near. you so i was like okay. so i'm like in my room. and i [ __ ] looked up straight up anger. management classes like i was like i i maybe i'll just get into. anger management what could it. hurt what could it hurt. so i sign up. for anger management classes dude. and they're like text with us. and i'm like oh this. would be great i don't even. have to talk to. anyone i could just text. with a person that's like going. to i could just say like and then this. [ __ ] happened yeah we were circling a festival for three. could you believe for an hour. we're guess what the guess. what the address was the address. of the festival not the hotel. the guy's just it's 3:00. a.m. the guy on the other side. yeah man we uh let's turn it. in huh they thought we lived. in the festival so hardy. was nice enough to. invite us and then we're driving around. like [ __ ] [ __ ] my cowboy on just like so uh so i'm like all right i'm going to. sign up for the thing and you know. it does the thing where it's like sign. up for this thing free and i'm like ah free. all right [ __ ] you know try it. out like just one one more page. away you know into. your free classes oh [ __ ] all right click it there was like four times that i had to. click and then on the fifth. one it said now 50 50 bucks if you want the thing. to to talk to. the person bro i got so mad like it it. it made it worse. hey you [ __ ] crooks it. made it worse so now. i'm so pissed off. then i got an app oh this is so funny. then i got an app um hold on that's called. quit anger and i and i and i and i and i paid. for it it's like a $10. app like a [ __ ] sucker. because i'm like oh well they they pissed. me off so much the 50 the $50 thing. pissed me off so much. that i was like i'm going. to give the money to. the okay i'm getting an app. and they're they're being transparent about. it so i'm buying. it so so it it's there's an anger. log dude this is the anger. so i logged my anger. i'm going to start. logging my anger so it. says anger level and i wrote nine dude. and christen's like you're you're you get stressed. at a n at a three you think that and and i get stressed. at a nine and i'm like no dude. a three is a nine she doesn't understand. a three is a nine so it says triggers and i put relationship. disputes that's what the one. you can pick one of those. that was the closest one. then it says warning signs. dude these are the warning signs. like i don't know you know. how i know i'm i'm [ __ ] furious. i like warning like like who doesn't know they're angry. when they're angry when they're angry. that's you you feel like you know. you're in that band what's that. band [ __ ] slip knot you know uh f these are warning signs faster. heartbeat these are the ones i checked off. being unable to. relax okay here's here's the third. one feeling hot here's the fourth one. re resenting other people which i was doing in the i [ __ ] and they're not going to. say anything in the back. and they're not going to. [ __ ] yell at you with me okay i get you're on her side. but you know she put the wrong. [ __ ] directions in and how s horeshit it is to. put the festival direct to. put the festival location when we're leaving. the festival nobody opens their eyes. yell at her please so. then the fifth the fifth. one feeling tense or nervous. which i wasn't nervous. i'll tell you that much i was tense. though then being easily irritated and then did this one i like tense muscles. and then the the one that really drove it. home which i was like oh this. is the one feeling overly. critical of someone which even when i clicked that. one i was like i wasn't really overly critical right. it was a big stupid. [ __ ] dum dum mistake from a dumb dum dummy right she's not a dummy but i would you know then it goes response and i and you this one you have to. type type in so i'm like i got to. be creative i can even. pick one response i raised my voice. at my wife dude. i'm 44 i'm a successful. comedian and i'm at stage coach. and like we got all hooked up. and i'm in the hotel. bed alone i raised. my voice at my wife. is typing i raised my voice. at my wife into. a quit anger app that i paid. $10 for and i just ate a [ __ ] hershey bar too like a piece of [ __ ] then it outcome then they make you type it in and i write it i write she was dude i write she was embarrassed in front of her friends and so was i oh baby don't even oh you're making it worse shut the [ __ ] up straight up dude she i put oh god man and i was a little embarrassed man because like you know women will do this thing where they think yelling is like the same thing as getting trapped in a dungeon for a year you know and like whipped and like abused you know like he yelled at me and you got to. be like oh oh you can't. even be like well what' you do nowadays you know if if could you every dude. knows what i'm talking about right. now dude if your wife put the wrong. [ __ ] direction and just let it ride. for an hour and 15 minutes. she's a navigator she's the navigator i'm the driver. she's the navigator and you every dude. knows what i'm talking about and in. this day and age you can't. even be like well what' you do well. what she do you know. why cuz you're part of the problem. right even though you know. the problem is put the wrong. directions in the [ __ ] thing i hey what' you do right right every we're in a culture where people think that going from here to. well then what then what you do. is straight up ike turner [ __ ] hey hey dude if you don't whisper. during an argument you are a an abuser. so so so uh so now i'm like uh what was i even [ __ ] saying right there what was i talking about i don't know re oh dude that was crazy. i was heated yeah i was heated okay so earlier on. in the day the hotel. was like i just wanted to. relax i understand you just wanted to. relax and so did i no i don't know. i feel more at home when i'm [ __ ] my muscles. are tense and the hotel. she wanted to be next. to were friends and she put the [ __ ] is this even a good podcast. i don't even know but the i'm just this. is too much i i'll go. into some gratefulness after this. but dude uh she we when we got there i found out my wife. called ahead of time. to say hey uh no stress on the king. bed can we just make sure. to get um uh next to. each oh no can we make sure. to get queen queen beds cuz our friends are going to. stay with us which is fine. i'm fine doing that. like it was going. to be us in a queen. bed and then them in a queen. bed which is cool. whatever [ __ ] party so i didn't know she did that though and we're driving there. and she's like i got to. call them and tell them never mind. because ally got a room. and i go i say never mind. about what she's like to. switch back to the king bed. because i had requested for two. queens and i oh oh you [ __ ] us oh congratulations you played yourself we're [ __ ] we'll be lucky to. be sleeping on a c. you know they're going to. we're going to have to. sleep in the lobby this. is great dude we'll sleep. about the hotel right. cuz you know you don't want to. ask for anything extra especially when you going to. be sold out weekend at a [ __ ] uh hotel they're going to. [ __ ] you right and and and and so she calls and says hey can i get the can we actually get never mind can you put a note on and say never mind we want the king bed we get there we get the thing of course we have two queen beds now we're still we're next to. the we're next to. them though so that's cool. at least were're next to. her friends but we have two queen beds. yay dude two grown adults. sleeping in the queen bed yay it's okay but we used do kelly. king but it's all right. though dude but okay so now uh i i say to. her oh well this is kind of sucks. maybe we see see we get a king. bed she's like okay go go down. and see if we get a king. bed but see if we can get one. close to the friends. and i as i'm walking down i'm like this. does she know how life works. you want to. just switch to. a room on a friday a stage coach. and a soldout resort that you and you think that you could just get the next there. people already in there dude. people been [ __ ] in showering. okay so i go to. i go to downstairs. and i say hey buddy so look my my wife. called i didn't know she did. this but she called and put a note in the thing. about the two queen beds. and then she called to. say never mind and he says oh yeah. no i see the note. about the two queen beds. and i was like yeah well then she called and had a note. about the the never mind. and i take that off the note. and he said oh yeah well that's not in here. i said well listen of course. it's not because that's how things happen. but she did and she ruined. it and can we just make sure. we get the and he says uh let me. see dude they think the 10. minutes he's just just what is for 10. minutes he says got you one. boom on another floor. okay i go hell yeah. king bed i go i go. look at the the hotel room it's cool. it's it's cool it's better. right so now i'm like all right. well we're going to get in. this one plus they were probably going to. you know charge me for the extra they they going. to get away with some [ __ ] you know so i go to. um i go i go to. up there and i say babe. got the king bed. she said where is it. i said it's on the seventh floor. and she says no i want to. be near my friends. dude and i was like how many times are you going. to change this and she was like no. but you you you you uh i want to. be close to. my friends i said okay. well would you rather be close. to your friends or would you rather. be in king bed and as i said this. i was like she's going. to say she wants to. be close to. her friends and i'm going. to have to. i'm going to have to. i'm going to have to. go back down and i'm going. to have to. not yell dude how this. is so [ __ ] that i'm in this. situation i got to. go go down again because something she created i got to. go down again dude. and i don't get to. yell about it because if i do mike. turner if i if i yell dude. i'm an abuser so she's like i want to. be close to. my friends and i go okay. okay i go i leave i go into. the ele by the way the room. dude is so [ __ ] far from the elevator that i need a snack. dude it's so far from the elevator that. i need one of those [ __ ] sticks that. i'm with the bandana tied. with some snacks in there i'm trying to. keep it together and let me tell you something. dude on the inside. i feel like i am on. the outside i look like uh uh behemoth right. i i look terrible. right i'm just i'm like anime going. super saiyan and um i go. back down and i say hey so listen. i'm sorry but and i couldn't even be like you. know women because the guy was [ __ ] gay you know i wanted to. be like hey bro. i don't know if you're married. but these chicks because he basically was one. you know so now i'm like i can't. even be mad to. this guy dude. hey okay my so here's the deal. my wife sent me. back down here and she wants to. actually have the first room that we got i know. and he says oh well uh hm did. you go into the second room. and i said huh. and he said well did you look at the second. room and i said why and he said because if you stepped in that second. room that's where you have to. stay you can't go back. to the first room now that's the biggest horeshit of all. of this so far and guess what i did. i took so many steps in that room. i took so many i walked around. that room like i was going. to purchase it as a condo. i had my hands in my pockets. i looking out the view. i was like this room really is better. and i said oh i didn't even. i looked at him i said well. i didn't even go in it. and he said all right. what kind of [ __ ] [ __ ] out by the way it's not even a rule because we went in the first room. and you were going to. change it so change it. back so she knew i was heated i was trying. to keep it together. and i did kind of keep it. together except for when she put in the [ __ ] thing about the wrong address that was when i was like oh it's oh it's too much. can't yell at a woman. though huh they'll write a whole. blog about you can't yell at a woman. you should be able to. yell at a woman. and you should be able to. yell at a man. and i you know what i wished when the address. thing happened i was sitting there i had the thought this is how so [ __ ] stupid i am i'm like i can't yell like i want. to i wish it was my friend. that did this i'm like i wish [ __ ] mike. was here so i could just be yelling. at him at the top. of my lungs and then we could go eat. some [ __ ] chicken or whatever. you know dude i mean i signed. up for [ __ ] anger management classes you know all right guys let's take a break. i want to. talk to you about look it's tough to. make a podcast it it's actually very hard i got to. get everyone together we record it. uh do post production we put it all together. and we release it. every week do the patreon stuff you. get the idea i have to. be come up with topics it's a lot. if you run an ecommerce business you can relate to. the amount of work it. takes to produce something. great like us you want. to optimize your workflow. and reduce costs ship. station is the multicarrier shipping. solution that integrates wherever you. sell online when you optimize. your shipping process and connect. to a network of expert. partners you reclaim valuable time. for what truly matters. and that is growing your business. that's what's important merch. for me is an important. part of our brand here. and ship station helps run. it on time it's easy. to use dashboard makes managing order. smooth label printing reporting and customer service. easy um you can save thousands on shipping. costs with discounts up to. 89% of ups dhl express and usps rates. there's 130,00 ,000 companies that have grown their ecommerce businesses with ship. station and 98% of the companies that stick. with ship station for a year. become customers for life so dude. that's like 98% is basically 100% you know what i'm saying. ship station is the innovative. tool that helps turn your shipping. challenges into opportunities for growth. go to ship station dot com. and use code congrats. to sign up for your free. 60day trial that's shipstation. dot com code [music]. congrats we were there. dude and hardy was like hey come with us. i said what's up. he was like willie nelson. we're gonna go meet willie. nelson and i go oh [ __ ] really he's like yeah he's 91 and i'm like oh my god i just saw a picture of clin what he's 94 what the [ __ ] is nelson looked like and he said yeah you don't know how long he's going to. be around and i was like yeah. and i know he's like i don't mean. to be morbid i'm like no. i get it it's might be one of his last concerts. he's like come on let's meet him. you got to wear a mask. and i'm like what you got to. wear a mask he's 91 they don't want. him getting co i'm like we're outside. all right give me a [ __ ] mask we put the mask on we uh we get out. there we're watching willie. [ __ ] nelson dude. now i i've heard willie. nelson my whole life my dad. loves willie nelson you know. he's 91 and he's up. there just you know in front of 70,000. people just playing the guitar. singing and [ __ ] kristen i'm standing with her. and hardy and kristen just hits. me and goes hey look kristen plays. this game we we play this game. where we're like hey look it's sylvester stallone. and it's just some guy with muscles. you know and we're like ah that's funny. she says hey look next to. you tim cook the ceo. of apple and i look over. and i'm like hilarious. this is some older. guy you know with a polo on and then i'm like watching willie. nelson and i'm like wait a minute. i'm at a place i'm like backstage. this is totally a place. where tim cook would. be you know i'm like this. is a place where the upper like. if i turned around and saw buer rhymes and elon musk. i would be like yeah this actually makes sense. so i take a second look and i go that is tim. cook i'm right next to. him i'm right next to. tim cook okay i'm like jesus. christ i never thought i'd be next to. [ __ ] tim cook you know and i look over to. my wife and i'm like that. that is tim cook. and she was like i know i'm not playing the game. and i'm like oh [ __ ] so we're sitting here watching willly i'm next to. tim cook watching willly dud i'm such a [ __ ] like that's so stupid stupid dude that that's my life and and i and i and and we leave the [ __ ] that kristen thinks of dude she says i was like i can't believe we were watch willie nelson that's crazy. that's crazy could be one of his last. concerts he's 91 he's a legend. we were on the stage. with him and she says yeah that was crazy. you know what i bet. and i was like what she's like how much i bet. a chinese diplomat or like a government. official from china would pay. me like a billion dollars. to switch bodies with me. and be standing next to. tim cook because you know he had an apple watch. on and they could have like totally hacked. it dude that was the takeaway. and i was like babe. what the [ __ ] are you talking about and she was like i mean they could totally hack it. they probably have their stuff. yeah yeah yeah yeah no no. the switching bodies part. for a billion dollars could you imagine just ah. we know chrisen we have coordinates. you know we have coordinates. we got to go. to we either go to. crystalia is shitty comedian or we go. to uh his wife might be cool. let's do that next to. tim cook we have apple watch. make sure to. bring the mechanism to. download all the stuff okay. do it well how much does. it cost billion dollars all. right let's do it. give to the madeup bank account. that nobody gets okay. put it out there. and then just okay stop [music]. mechanism next to. tim co d his apple. watch wow this amazing apple watch. wow then they're just like m like oh yeah. roping in the wind like wow. that oh wow that's wily. nelson i thought he died. i guess we don't really know. from china his music. but he owned h. wow gotta get that apple. watch that's crazy he going. to be one of his last shows. that's amazing whoa wait a minute. got to get back. on track here standing next. to hardy oh yeah he's a big. deal right now he's up and coming what the hell kendall jenna. doing back here oh wait hold. on a second i was here. for some reason i forget just blowing the we about to. blow the in china. we about to. blow the mission we only have limited. time for billion dollars. oh yeah that's right. okay sorry oh [ __ ] i have tits i got tits standing next to. hardy what the we nelson. really he actually really good we don't listen. to too much country. over in china he's sitting down. cuz he 91 wait wait wait where the [ __ ] oh where tim. cook go [ __ ] got lost in the music and the atmosphere 70,000 people wow ah [ __ ] where tim cook go he gets back you [ __ ] up i know but it was amazing have you been to. stage coach we have to. listen to country willly nelson on. the guitar wow we's standing right. there oh no wait. oh okay i'm here oh yeah. okay i'm right here get get let me. get mechanism wait a minute. is that willly nelson on. the guitar hold on i didn't know. wow look at that sea. of people in the fers were back. there i [ __ ] up guys we could have destroyed america. instead i was listening. to mil now it. was so good anyway i saw t i saw tim. cook there were there were these women in the front row. because you could see we could see the people. and the people could see us. you know we were on. the side of the backstage. and there were these people in the in the front row. these you know younger mexican. women uh and they're just like you know. waving to me like you know. and um in front of me. is tim cook and he's just like looking. at these mexican women and he's like and i i mean. tim cook he doesn't know who i am so he's like uh and he starts waving to. the women and i'm like oh [ __ ] tim. cook is intercepting my [ __ ] fans and i just didn't wave i'm like no matter what happens i wave and then and then on the way back i was talking and my wife was like well i don't know i mean they could have been waving at tim cook. and i was like that is those people do not know. who tim cook is. you know just two people in the front row. at a at a stage co. just sweaty they there for 5. hours just i i want to. leave but i got this space so just tits all up against the rail. you know it's so it's so weird. just sweating so hard. 9,000 blisters um yeah dude. went to stage coach. man rocked it love it. i'm a country guy man i'm going. to start listening to. i'm going to start. listening to more country. was there for morgan wallen and uh you know. he's a cool dude. god he's he's huge huh. he uh was it must have been 120,000. people out there comedy. doesn't do that you know. music really touches people like it's crazy. i was out there. listening to reba mcintyre was out there. and i was out in the pit. just like watching reba mcintyre. like i'm not crystalia and i was watching it. and i was uh miranda. lambert was there miranda lambert uh and um marland lambert sandler um miranda. lambert and adam sandler and pampers. and so uh uh so i go to. the uh i'm looking at him. and i'm watching my wife's having a great. time and [ __ ] and then like i'm like wow i'm looking at reva mcintyre. and i'm looking around. i'm seeing like really like you know. young cool people pretty women uh goodlook 60yearold men older or like middleaged like trog lite looking people like just [ __ ] ugly like drags you know like where you're like is that jaba the [ __ ] hut and uh it's just bringing everyone together you know no matter how many teeth you have and like that's a beautiful thing like music brings you together one of the most beautiful things about music is it brings you together no matter how many teeth you have you know like you could have a [ __ ] mouthful of beautiful offwhite veneers that look natural and you could be standing right next to. somebody who has who is 50. years old with three teeth. and they haven't brushed them. since they were 42 and and you're just both there. because of the chain smokers you. know like that's that's the most beautiful. thing about about music. it really is i'm looking. around and i'm just like wow. reba mcintyre i can't believe it. she's 135 years old. and she's up there doing her. thing and everyone from young. to old is just you know. whatever song she's singing i blew up. his car on fire. you know what i mean. whatever the [ __ ] they every every female country. song has to be like and that's when i stab him. in the eyes that's when i [ __ ] ri the dick. off that's the last time. he'll take my beard it's like whoa. this is not the the [ __ ] punishment doesn't fit the crime. he yelled at me in the car. a little louder than his st. of voice he's an abuser. ripped the dick off now. goles his balls that was the last thing. he saw bw his car. up on fire down down. down down took my keys. to his car put him in his anus. and [ __ ] made him sit down down down um put him over some hot. put him over some uh put him over. some hot red him over. some hot calls because he looked. at me sideways right there i was in my chevrolet. you know um so we're watching reba. mcintyre and it's great. man and miranda lber kills. it dude like i understand. it's not my music. but dude they're killing it. i love when to. see professional musicians the the the number. one reason why i like to. see professional musicians and this. is the truth is i love. to see them in between. their lyrics i love. the the the the the the the mechanism that. they have in their head. where they're just like where you. see for a split second behind their face. they're like on the day's work. you know they're just like they'll be like i [ __ ] you know i rip. my man's dick off. and then they just go like this. and you see them. you see their face and before. the next line it's just like you see. them and their face if you took a snapshot of their face they could just be at a cafe somewhere just chilling and then until they hit the because raised his voice you know i'm just like that is the that's awesome. dude i love that. [ __ ] um so we had these wristbands you know that would you kept getting like in stage cards. it kept getting you kept. you keep getting there's like 900. different get you can get it's and they they give you a wristband. you don't know what wristband. you have on it just gets you into. vip areas and [ __ ] or not right. um and the wristbands we had were the best. ones you know because we were the artists. guests right at the artist. pass and so like uh we just kept going. into different levels like go. in you know because the [ __ ] we parked 15. minutes away and then there's doors you got to. go through the doors. you got to see if your wristband boop. okay good we go boop. you keep walking boop oh. you keep getting further and further. boop pretty sure you be. the core of the earth. you're like it's getting [ __ ] hot. you know boop and there. it is there's [ __ ] nnest you know in the middle of it just burning. alive oh cool luke grimes. this is great it's hot. right why is he he's a country. singer an actor i don't really understand. oh he's on yellow. stone so he's a country okay okay that'd be like if johnny. po had a rap album. but okay okay that's fine um and so uh so you get we get into. the level we get into. the diamond saloon you get into. that part then you get into. the uh the the the artist. area and then you dude. you don't even get that's not you. think oh this is the artist. compound this is where all this. [ __ ] dude you need another level to. get on stage okay so you walk into. the festival trog le ds okay. you walk into. the festival you park you get out. of the car you see. somebody that job of the hut would be like ew about e. you don't work out you know. and and i wouldn't even eat you. so you go into. the next level you know. people that are would be at you know. universal studios all good you get into. the next wristband level. regular people where you're like okay. these people would be like people that maybe would be maybe would be on the cover. of a like a a spanish. textbook or something you. know or maybe not a cover. but like an inside flap in a wheelchair. you're like yeah okay see they ras sure and then you go into. the next one attractive. people start you know start. interspersing you're like w then you get into. the artist compound bro. hey dude there's guys i'd [ __ ] in there okay and dude they got chicks. that that are just like you want. to be like just 6ot tall. big lips look like want. to be like hey did they just make you like the out. at stage coach just in the h. oh wow this is is this. what life is like you know and then you go. on to the back. of the stage dude. i [ __ ] a guy the dudes all look like cindy crawford's husband you know and the women look like hot. jar jar binks with big. boobs you know just like totally like whoa. alien chicks but where did you come. from and uh it's crazy. how much better looking stuff. gets when you get to. the core of the earth. when the mone money when you get to. the money you know what i'm talking. about it's wild dude. it is wild i just we were at um ernest's. birthday party and whiz khalifa. was there for some reason. whiz khalifa is like country i don't know like you know. like post malone and whiz khalifa. all of a sudden are just like ah psych. you know whis khalifa. is 9 fet tall and was there. and it's uh i got an i got imposter syndrome. man because i'm like i'm like oh dude. i don't want to. meet him he'll hate. me you know why you i need to. go on my i need to. log that in my anger. app um but yeah i uh it was cool. man those houses in near. the [ __ ] i guess that's a destination indio what's that. oh yeah his kid. did the cutest thing ryman ernest kid. did the cutest thing i was like all. right buddy well i'm going. to go and and i went to. go give him a a p. a a pound and he goes like this. he comes up to me. and hugs my fist and i'm like oh my god and then he puts. my fist to the side. and hugs me and i was like oh my god that's so cute. i miss my kids um i can't. believe how nice [ __ ] country people are like it's wild. those are my i want to. be a country artist man. i'd be so bad at it. dude i don't know how they sing so hard. and so good and loud you know. and do it night after. night and just killing. it cuz i'm like you know i was talking to. hardy i was like dude. how do you do this. it's so crazy you can do. this he's like we do the same. thing and i'm like nah really dude. i'm just doing jokes but like to. put a whole song together. and have to. keep singing it and and and and and and and sound good and he was like i mean. i guess it's just you know. i don't do that and he doesn't do. what i do but like it's just that's such a talent. to do that like i joke. around about how i don't listen. to i mean i don't listen. to music but i joke. around about how like i don't ever want. to be listening to. music in i mean i don't ever want. to be listen you know. what i mean like it's so it's such a talent. and it really brings people together. man when i was standing there. looking at rea and all. the tr and also talk to. people just dancing with her. i'm just like wow that's great. and i never wanted to. be a singer i never wanted. they always say comedians wanted. to secretly be rock stars. and they're just comedians cuz they can't. be rock stars i was like that's not true. and it's still not true. for me but like you see morgan. wallen up there and like hardy. and ernest and all those dudes and they're just playing in front jelly. roll in front of 100,000 people. and you're just like they're singing. their his songs you know. it's a weird world bro cuz you're like to. see both sides of it. to see the cuz i still you know. i i understand i'm a comedian. and i know that like yeah. look i have fans and i have you know. people think i'm a celebrity and [ __ ] and like but like to. be on the celebrity side. of it like i don't think of myself. that way so i still like think of myself. as like i shouldn't be here. you know and and then i'm like dude. everyone else thinks that too. you know like machine. gun kelly and megan fox were there. maybe they think that too you. know like megan fox the most famous. [ __ ] person in the world and then she's like and and she she's actually said she listens to. the podcast which is so [ __ ] cool. she was super nice the two. of them are really cool he's got all. those he's got those sleeves um and and the chest. and i was like bro. how did you do that. i'm like a [ __ ] with my little uh airplane tattoo um but yeah mega fox super nice and [ __ ] and like i'm just like do they feel like they should be there you know i understand like there's quite a few steps from me to. a lot of these other stars. but like i'm like it's so [ __ ] weird to. be there to. be there because you're also just like there's that. there's that whole thing where it's like. this is the life this is the desirable. you get to like hang out. with all these people you get to. like be in the club you know. and i know what it feels. like to be in the club. and out of the club. and ultimately it's not what's important. what's important is like family. and friends and it's so weird. to think of like i'm just [ __ ] the the difference in being here and there is is 100 feet you. know and people can let it go to. their heads be like i'm in the art. i'm i'm an artist i'm in the artist. lounge i'm in the [ __ ] i got the wristband or whatever it makes me i start to. feel so weird about it. dude i start to. feel so weird about it. so you know you just go back. to like wow i'm really grateful. to you know i'm really. grateful like this is cool i'm i'm i'm at i'm at the place where people who are at the top of their game are doing their thing and i get to. experience it in a different. way and i get to. experience them as a person and i get to. see kind of like behind the scenes. of it and like how they work. and how they do it. and how professional they are and it's really. cool and just everybody. like shout out to. everybody who like was there. like hardy's team is amazing. taylor and you know. his his wife cie and just like the other band. members were just like so hospitable. and like um it may it. was inspiring actually it really was inspiring. it was inspiring. to see these guys do that. and you know morgan w. wallen and ernest and jelly. roll and i don't do that you know i [ __ ] go up and tell dick jokes to. weigh less people but it's just like um it. made it inspired me to. be [music] um nice and and and and good and like make people feel good because like they they really. made me feel good dude. and it's and they made my wife. feel good and then you know. it's like it's so cool. i just feel really grateful. um and uh i don't know is that. corny to say i mean. i know it's not you know. i know i get it people. think i'm dicks like i'm a dick. because i'm on a podcast. always complaining but like that's not i me. i don't understand that's funny. but that's all not like i'm also like the other way. like people just walk out to. me be like that old eddie. murphy joke where people like hey [ __ ] you like people just come up. to me and be like [ __ ] you bro. you know and just like okay. i don't know i should call. you know what it's david sullivan's. birthday um it's david suv's birthday. i'm gonna call him he's not. going to pick up. if he doesn't pick up that's embarrassing. for me how do [music]. i you still a stage coach. boy yeah i'm i'm a stage coach. boy hey listen i'm put i'm on the my podcast. but i am calling you because it's your birthday. and i wanted to. do this on the podcast. and say happy birthday. dude oh man. that's nice of you yeah. man okay dude am i okay let me tell you something man i was at say coach. that [ __ ] place open my eyes. dude guess what i am right. now are are you a cowboy. i'm country and i'm a nice boy. your country yeah you're a nice boy. cuz you you never call. me dude especially you're changed huh. i'm i'm so good and like i i'm so happy. with how great stage coach. made me yeah yeah man. and i'm just calling you to. say happy birthday i know you're country. through and through man and we're just both crazy. country man dude we're both crazy country. now aren't we yeah i mean i i'm i've been i've been a little country myself. but you just turned country. this weekend which means i probably got which means i probably got more. country than you because i'm like crazy. you're like probably diluted from all. the living of you know like the life. me i'm just in it. i'm a newborn and i'm just so soaking. it in dude man even your voice. is different why am i so great. right now oh gosh. i mean you sound like you're from the the hills of of arkansas. southern georgia exactly boy. now here's what we're going. to need to. do dudee you're in texas. right now right i am. all right you're going to. need to leave and come back. and we need to. watch some movies later night. man i don't want you. to be there anymore. i'm i'm at my brothers uh. this week and then uh i'm gonna go see. my mom probably next week. and then i'll be back probably. like tuesday or wednesday st watch the movies ah stop running from something man you're always traveling. you're running from something no man. i'm always running to. things not from things dude. it's so country to. have a saying huh. like that yeah man. i'm just run to. it all right all right. you're run to it. huh well i just i wanted. to wish you a happy. birthday and uh you know. and say i love you bud. and uh i'm country too dude. yeah dude keep saying nice things. though let's see how many nice things. you can say all right. i'm sure i'll be happy. birthday i'm sure i'll be no i'm sure. i'll be pissed off. by the time you get back here. all right buddy i'll talk to. you later all right see you bro. congratulations very own david sullivan. um young gravy was there too he's so tall. i got to post. the pictures i already posted. a picture the pictures of stage coach. and i i didn't get the pictures. of young gravy yet. and now i just got them so i'll post. them later i feel bad i didn't include and i didn't post. a pictures of will al whatever. who cares um uh yeah. well thank you very much. guys that's it for the episode. uh if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. uh not on youtube on patreon. go to patreon dot com. christalia uh and you can watch the whole. rest of the episode um and uh sign up. for the patreon and we got that. brian ken episode that's ups. too you can sign. up for the patreon we got stuff. on patreon every every month. we have an extra episode. on patreon so go. check it out guys. thank you [music] very. [ __ ] [music] 