 foreign [music] s it's a point. of contention in our relationship. oh the weather outside is frightful with not get too deep. into it let's keep it. on a light note and not get encantative. myself thank you like if you don't suffer any [ __ ] storms or have people that call you out on [ __ ] then you become an absolute lunatic and i think that that's why people you know i mean look at jeff bezos i don't know what he's like for real but he seems like an insane person to. me right i'm sure bill. gates is probably the same. way i don't know i mean. steve jobs died but he would have grown up. to be a warlord you know. what i mean and so as would a view. i say that i always say. that i thought i said that. you you said it maybe you said it. first but i i say it as well okay. so it's my idea now thank you. i'm the captain now and um but yeah i think that uh yeah. i i i um what were you saying. [ __ ] but i got bezos yeah but before that crazy. before lord steve jobs. yeah but before that right. i want you to. know what i said before. that can you be a better. stenographer when i talk please. oh that's what we need that's what we need dude. no there's no this is another there's no we here. i need we need a [ __ ] stenographer. dude we need a stenographer. for the house imagine i would realize i was wrong. so much can we take it. back it did oh it did. i did i did i did. say that all right well all right. well i did you get you got that. i think you might have got that. wrong all right well i'm gonna get a new [ __ ] stagnographer. because you're failing. for every one word i would say on the transcript. how many do you think you. would say there would be like in a day. i would be like back it. what did christian say. last and she'd be like this. thank you you were late. okay what did she say. to before that [laughter]. stop [laughter] yeah um there was that. a real laugh yeah i'm gonna be asking you now. 421 421 words oh um i say so many words yeah. and we made calvin and he said more. words that's so cute. yeah he says too many. words so now you're gonna do it. i do yeah dead yeah then did you eat the spaghetti. yeah i did it's in his pocket. yeah it did um so uh yeah i i don't know. i just think that uh uh oh i was talking about oh that. out so al pacino is an example al pacino is a great. actor if he doesn't have a director to. direct him he'll just be like oh yeah. oh oh and you're like dude. you're playing a mute what are you. doing right the director because i feel like the director's like we got out. but you know we're so lucky and then he's just watching him. chew up the scene and he's like okay. i guess i don't know i don't know and i was like do you have the scene. that's cool yeah can i do. one more can i get another one. you know and like sure sure go ahead. and he's just at this. point he's like i want to. get props in here i need wings so then what what's the difference. between that and then like a christian. bale that just like continues. to [ __ ] get him incredible i think that one has well they both probably have huge egos. but like i think that look i think he's the [ __ ] though he like never does interviews. yeah he's just like has had the same. wife for like decades christian. bale's one of the greatest. actors of all time no doubt. but um i think i don't know i don't know i don't know the difference yeah i mean. yes thank you for kind of like saying. like it's me and christian. bale and aaron and al pacino. are contemporaries but well it's like i'm talking. to my husband you chris delia. and then we're talking about al. pacino and christian bale us. so that is the group. the three of us that is crazy. we've done a lot of stuff. oh yeah um so i think that al. pacino and christian i don't know dude. there's you know i don't know. really i think that it's very easy. for an actor to be to. get a j uh to. get jobs start becoming a star. and then it's not necessarily about the acting. anymore it's more about themselves. and it's different too like look if you go. see a nicholas cage movie or a or take there's a bunch. of actors like this keanu reeves. um uh denzel washington is like this. i feel like uh and i'm not talking about. talent i'm talking about when you're going. to see them do a movie. you kind of know what they're gonna. do denzel washington one of the greatest. actors but you kind of know. what he's going to. do in movies christian bale you have no. [ __ ] idea what he's gonna do uh there are actors like that mark ruffalo. you know what he's gonna do. he's great but you know. he's gonna do right. yeah what was that this. is mark ruffalo that's. your mark ruffalo impression. yes that's terrible to. give me people to. do impressions of okay um philip seymour hoffman he's dead. you know dude okay when he was alive. i've never seen he's a great. actor do another one you're not doing them. well you can literally just do. anything i want to. do one that i know. okay uh uh uh johnny. depp where's the room. [laughter] foreign parts of the caribbean. or whatever you don't even. know i just saw it a lot. during the trial yeah memes. memes all right so uh. okay that's fine you know. what i read today okay. you're jumping around on a lot. now but what no but that's okay. um we'd like to jump. you're on the technical of the octopus i was reading. this somebody that worked in a mortuary. okay and she was saying wow this is so something. that you saw on tick. tock that you're trying. to act like you read. an article from no okay. uh you know i was reading. the other day so so all right. in the background there was kodak. black and i oh wait no hold. on i mean oh god. um she was saying that she doesn't trust. any like she tells all of her friends. and family that like if any female passes. away to make sure that the person that's like handling. her body afterwards is a woman. or someone that she knows. because like she knows so many cases of oh [ __ ] bro no come on i swear i mean i guess you know everyone does everything but that is so wild yeah but just like that it's common. enough that she's heard multiple stories well you feel like doesn't trust bodies. with her i mean i understand. that but also okay there's two things. that i i have to. say about this number one. is yum no no no that is. not one of the things. that's not one of the 100. million things oh do you remember yum. yum yum yum from that uh sword and scale. podcast yeah that was a big. kick for us for a while. that was yeah we did. sword in scale for a long time. we were listening to. him and then i was on an episode. of sword and scale i recorded it. and you surprised me my voice. is on there yeah you lied. he told me well yeah. yeah i told you i wasn't going. to do it and i did. do it or no. i didn't tell you i was gonna do it. and then i said listen. to this you're like is that you yeah. um but what was the uh what was i gonna say. now you interrupt i mean i had two things to. say okay so two things is um so i got pissed. but i got through it. right because you you know. i got pissed i threw it. so i'm i'm growing you're just saying. a lot of words so. um there's two things no i can only think of one. of them right now and i'm pissed. again but one of them. is uh if you are a mortician do you think number. one you're a you there's something wrong. with you first of all second of all. if the answer is no not necessarily can you do. that job and keep continuing to. do that job without getting really [ __ ] up okay so i don't think you have [ __ ] up people in that profession is what you're saying yeah. no matter what well i think that's like the dirty. little secret that we just like to. gloss over about all of. life what is that there's another thing. that i have i'll go. ahead that i didn't get to. number two okay go ahead. no you can go i can have. it in my back pocket. just that there's so much trauma. that we're like constantly interacting with. and it just like [ __ ] up people continually. and we expect people to. not have these issues yeah but like life. is so [ __ ] i know it. really is [ __ ] up to. come out even a little just. a little traumatized is. like a miracle yeah so sometimes. you might get morticians that. are just [ __ ] bodies you know what they say you know what you know what they say it's a [ __ ] hot take oh boy but jews no like obviously that's [ __ ] terrible and if that was my body i would be pissed but like well you wouldn't be you'd be dead is it the worst thing in the world oh okay so yes but here was my second question she's making a joke. everybody it's horrible yeah. but like it's not murder. you're not actively hurting in a live. person my second number two thing. it wouldn't be the thing i would protest. okay i wouldn't be chanting. hell no don't [ __ ] dead. bodies hell no don't [ __ ] dead. bodies outside of [ __ ] allen's mortuary listen. uh the number two is would it. be that bad because you'd be dead. you said i'd be pissed which you wouldn't be you'd be dead. so my whole thing is like i asked. my dad like what do you want. my mom my dad have way. different ideas on what they want. when they die. my mom wants a beautiful. funeral uh everyone would be there she wants [ __ ] to. play what a wonderful world. she wants that song. at her funeral uh by louis. armstrong or whatever that's the one who went to. the [ __ ] with all of her diamonds just like planet yeah yeah yeah yeah um but my dad says i don't give a [ __ ] i'm dead yeah i don't know i don't care if you have a thing so my guess my question is do you want them what if what if you knew that when you died a mortician was gonna absolutely have sex with you i'd haunt him okay but you know what's worse than getting [ __ ] burning. and people get burned in ashes. all the time so it. my point is when you're dead. it doesn't matter you're not thinking anything. it's for your loved ones. if you knew that's [ __ ] up well i think that's what you're protecting. it's just like my what i want. for a funeral is what is going. to make my children. and my family the most fulfilled. and happy grandkids and everything. yeah and like like what if so you're saying what it. doesn't have to. do with me yeah they [ __ ] they [ __ ] grandma after she died. you don't have to. you don't really have to. tell that to to. cal's kids what's that. from oh the um the the uh no i think it. was just math this. or something one of the judge shows. where the ladies yeah i forget. why she did it but um what. you were saying is trauma. is so pervasive and life. is so [ __ ] up and what i'd like to. say to that is you know. what they say death. is just the moment. when the dying ends that. is just a moment. when the dying ends that's from the song. there's the song that ed. og energy is good dude. old old rapper uh premiere did the beat on that. when he says that's just the moment. when the dying ends and it really. really spoke to. me it really spoke to. me for a guy that doesn't like music. you certainly it speaks. to me excuse me i've had a huge headache. i need advil but um do you yeah. oh she's so sweet i was just the way. you cared well this. is just regular behavior you're surrounded. by sociopaths yeah just comedians you if you said you had it. i'm on fire go get it. no it's okay i can get in a little bit. we can you know. we'll do like uh you know. 20 more minutes and then yeah i'm gonna go get out. of it and by that time. my head will be screaming. still gonna go to. the post office and all that. stuff i got a package here but it's all good. this is why you're sad. talk about a hot take dude. what do you mean. you constantly anticipate the worst. thing happening and so it's as if you're living [laughter] you're just anticipating the experience to. be [ __ ] okay you're anticipating the headache. to get way worse you have plenty of [ __ ] to. do after this and so you're already dreading. it and so you're you're going. through the bad stuff twice. and it may not even. be bad so even if let's say the experience. is good like we go. to get the packages and we take cow. and it's like a beautiful evening. and it's a good experience. you have a good experience. but then you made it into. a bad experience before. so it like cancels each other. out hell yes why do you do that. press the button no are you ready. for life to [ __ ] you hell yeah. i don't know dude i have to. drop that [ __ ] yeah it's really interesting yeah but it's just like you're right dude worrying makes no difference because you whatever is going to. happen is going to. happen it's like being like oh god. you really opened up a [ __ ] pandora's box. for me by asking that and i do not like it. like we were discussing something. last night that you're going. to be doing and like the amount of things. that absolutely will not happen that. you brought up as a possibility yeah. one of them was a porcupine finds its way. in my anus and lives there and has a family good. right because in that porcupine. what would it be like hell yeah. kid you were like anticipating. someone poisoning your parents. oh dude i went to. comic con as a kid before. comic con was a big thing. and i want my friend who invited. me there and i was so and his mom took us and she had the adjoining room. and i made him lock the door. so she couldn't come in because i thought she was going. to poison and that is a real fear. i had and that's how [ __ ] up i am think about if that were cal and he was sharing. those fears with you. how alarmed you would. be i called my parents. and they laughed so hard. that i thought she was gonna poison. me she's deeper and they were in lake. arrowhead and i was in san diego. and they they told everyone at lake. arrowhead and they were all laughing. and i was like crying. i was so scared oh yeah. yeah that's the thing that was like we didn't know. them that like laughing was maybe not. the best reaction now we have all. this [ __ ] science and data that like you know backs up. yeah i was like mom our. parents were just free balling. it and the fact that they didn't there's no internet. and [ __ ] they did as well as they did like hats. off to free ball. my free ball and parents you know my uh my my my my by the way her son my friend was in the room. with me and i was like i think oh i think mrs. family's gonna poison me. yeah i was a lunatic. dude and i am if that. was cal how old were you. why was too old. i was probably 13. really i was crazy. i was so so scared. about everything yeah if that were cow. yeah what would you do. now that we're not freeballing that we have a lot. of data and like science backing up. our parenting decisions well. i would just be like well why. do you think this and what is what. makes you think this and then if you had said what i said i would probably have to. still laugh because what i said. was well we were at dinner. and she got a ginger ale but she said. she wanted it with a twist. and i don't know what that. is is that person oh sad. and cute so you're doing what my parents. did which is laugh. well you're 42 now sometimes you're not 13. if you're 13. i would be like oh sweetie. really yeah i would laugh later. though yeah yeah i think i would say like well calvin. uh that's not gonna happen. and then i i would i would say as a kid. how do you know. though i feel like she's going. to and i guess i would say like i can i can hear that. you feel that way but um you have to. ha you know in life you're going to. feel certain ways and you know. it's not about it's okay. to be scared. but you know you you need to. being brave is not not being scared. being brave is being scared. and getting through the night and and and i feel like you're gonna be okay. because i know mrs. valley and i don't think that's going. to happen that's what i would say. to calvin is that good you're an awesome. [ __ ] dad um and i always say no matter what we have a great. relationship but if god you can't count on the future. right no matter what i know. that you will always be a fantastic. dad yeah and i know. that that's not always the case. so people yeah just like in you know. yeah i love being a dad. i know but no i love being his dad. yeah no i think you i do no. i i absolutely love being a dad. but the stronger thing is i love. being his dad i mean. he is just my i you know. i mean i don't know he's just i love. being a dad yeah and i love being i just i care. about him so much it's weird. it was like when he arrived. like the there was the first really first time. i was forced to. feel in a certain way. that i had never felt before. and have my walls down. and not live selfishly because you know. and i'm still selfish. and i i work through it. and it's it's hard but like it's the first time. i realize what it's like to. not be selfish. right like even just little things. like i took him to. lunch today and he and i i got him. turkey which is what he said. he wanted and i got a club sandwich. and in my club sandwich. there's bacon and i love the bacon. in the club sandwich but i i thought oh calvin loves bacon. i didn't think about that. i know he said he wants. turkey but i'm gonna take a piece. of bacon and put on his plate. and then he ate the bacon. immediately and he said ammo. bacon and i just gave him kind of almost all. of my bacon even though. i wanted my bacon. and even though it's just little things. i was like that's makes me. feel really actually really good to. legitimately not eat this bacon. because i know he's having it. and he likes it. and i wouldn't i might feel that. way with another person but i have to. make myself feel that way. like it was you or matt. or somebody that i love. i'd be like i really want that. bacon but okay look they want it. maybe they wanted more than me. look at it but i don't do. that with cow with calvin. it's just like oh he wants. it i want him to. have it and that's what makes me. happy and i wish i was like that more with other people as well but it was calvin to. show me how to. be like that and that's what a wild. thing to feel uh you know. because i think that i was just living very selfishly for. so long um and i never realized that. that you know because i just thought everyone should live. that way they just don't do. it because they're [ __ ] or some [ __ ] you know i'm whatever i was making up in my head if i'm being honest and um yeah so yeah i don't know well and the journey hasn't been linear. by any means like i think when everything happened and you got into. recovery i thought that it. was like a quick fix i was like oh this. means that like everything is good now. and seeing now like the past. two and a half years. almost three years it's crazy. yeah um like it's been up. and it's up and down always yeah. um and i only say that. because i feel like i get um messages. from a lot of women. who are going through difficult. things oh got it yeah relationships. you know and on the surface. it just seems like you like figured it out. and in your life you know. like under control in like two. weeks and that's not been the case. it is it's been so up. and down you know for you and for us. yeah it's i mean life. is you're not real life. yeah and it's not it's not even. though it's linear it's not linear. like it's you know uh it's just yeah. hey that's really artistic how you did. that with your hand thank you. you should be a performance artist. well cut you so deep to. your soul because you thought maybe you'd grow up. and be a performance artist. i wanted you to. keep talking about what you were. talking about and not talking about. the other thing i yeah. i don't know i don't know life. is real life and it's [ __ ] hard and uh yeah everyone's a real person. and it's uh you know we're out. there for for you guys too. you know you everyone's going through. [ __ ] i also like there's a there's a thing now too like my meet and greets. like that i do on the road. like many people come up. to me and tell me about the struggles. that they've been through. and now that i am on. this you know sell i try to. be as more selfaware than i ever. was it is a it is a wild. thing to hear. people's stories with those ears and to. like i think i mentioned this. in my podcast but somebody came up. to me once about recently. about um them uh them. having these twins that were in the nicu. for a while because they were born premium. uh prematurely and my and their and and they listened to. my podcast and my stand. up so much during that time. and and they were like you know. they came with me to. meet and greet they were. telling me about their struggles. and and how they they were like it. was cool to. hear you know you and and and you made us. laugh and like that you know. i i say to. them like i i'm so uh sorry. that you went through that. uh but i'm happy that. i was there for you. in a certain way because um i think when people go. through real pain uh you know and everybody's not perfect but when people go through. real pain it's such a relief. when you have something that you can do. to take your mind. off that [ __ ] and i never really experienced. that in in in 30 plus. years because i was living just selfishly and and being not you know. you know now that i've felt what actual. pain feels like through me and through. other people um yeah i just my heart. goes out to you guys. if you do feel that. way or if you're having one. of those times now or if you've ever had one of those. times yeah and again it's not like a light. that you just turned on. no i know you go through. you know periods where like. you're not yeah you know. like you struggle and i'm not in a good. head space i'm not you know. whatever it is but and i and i and i've thought about too. like this podcast is a lot. of work i know it. doesn't seem like it because i'm just bullshitting. every week but like it. is like i want to. make it good sometimes i feel. like it's you know it's hard. and i'm doing [ __ ] with you know in my mental. it's hard to. perform it's really hard. sometimes to compartmentalize and perform. on this podcast and talk about funny. [ __ ] all the time and i know i don't have to. and i appreciate you guys. listening to it and you know. episodes like this is are fun. but um you know it's a it's you know i a lot. of the times i feel there are times. where i continue to. do this podcast because i i know people really depend on. it unlike it and [ __ ] and so that's why sometimes i do this podcast legitimately so uh and it's not because i i feel charged to. do it which i do often but sometimes i don't and so you know i mean. listening to your ipod. right now not even listening. to me listening to. right now [ __ ] and uh [music] that's good when houston was a good singer. we can say that what else. nothing just thinking about what you were. saying yeah i don't like getting too. serious i don't like getting too serious. i don't like getting too. serious i definitely try to. make jokes afterwards. because we need some levity. we need some liberty because we need some levity. yeah well you like being serious. though huh what is that about that. that's not true well do you like goofing. off right you definitely like goofing off. but you love getting into. deep conversations like dude you like if you're sitting around. with your friends and you're having a conversation. oh yeah that [ __ ] will be deep as the abyss that. thing will be so deep dude. it's so deep that we can see. new species of marine life. dude it's so deep we're in china. it's so deep it's hot. well i'm sure that's why i like being around. you so much because i what we level. each other out maybe but when you go. when you go deep sometimes. you go deeper go here. we go again can't. we just do jokes. but sometimes you go deep and then i don't want to. go deep really yeah the other night. is this are we being sexual. the other night when i was oh you want. i wanted to go. deep and you didn't want to. go deep yeah yeah you're right. you're right sometimes we do it we surprise. each other and sometimes you do jokes. but i always want to. do jokes i always want to. do jokes and we have that don't we yeah. um that is the best dude. i feel like is another study. oh no well the last one. was about [ __ ] dead corpses so this one should let's try and top that we were looking up. um like i like studies that begin with they. i don't know yeah go ahead. researchers they were looking at um like qualities that. fortify relationships um because any anything. can break someone up. but it's more like what the buffers. are to save. relationships and they found that having a common sense. of humor and being able. to laugh through seems crucial is. like the number one. thing it was like 95 of the couples that have gone. through stuff and gotten through. it had that in common. i'm just what was that. i think he coughed right. you coughed oh that was the dog. oh i thought that uh one fire. coughed i'll put a little laugh. in your face like about the study. this study's boring like that um but yeah having that in common. with you what was number. two um i just said 95 it. pulled that right out of my ass. oh come on it didn't say. 95. i don't know what the 90. i don't know what the number. is oh my god thing i love that. about you i love when people make up. percentages but i tell you that i'm making it. up great but don't tell me. that make lie to. me so i tell someone else and they go. i don't know if that's true. i want that for me. so i can feel that. pain of oh she lied. oh [ __ ] i'm saying okay well because at that point it's on me. i can't be like my wife. told me to. get that look like a [ __ ] so i'm like yeah but i just i don't know what what it. was i thought it was i must have misread. it [ __ ] now i'm lying why why are you like that like why are you such a stickler for the details when someone other than you is retelling. something but you don't hold. yourself to the same. standard control control he's got a control. problem he's got a control. but ask me if i have a control. problem do you have a control. problem hell yeah hell yeah. ask me questions how great. am i they're so great. and cute oh my god uh who's your favorite. rapper well this is uh tech. nine oh nice really he is i didn't know that i love tech. nine i think he's the best you know i love tech. n9ne the album killer awesome. uh okay that was that. was it just how great. am i what was your favorite. rapper what would you like you like what was your favorite. food i mean i have to. go potty no you're kidding. no well we can be done. but what's your favorite food. it seems boring now you said ask. me questions i know but not like that. i know it's good trying. to do rapid fire. [ __ ] so be fun at the end of the episode okay okay what's your favorite food. uh pasta [ __ ] yeah dude i love pasta. too but why don't i ask. what's my favorite food. why would you ask you what. your favorite food is no. i'm gonna ask you what. my favorite food is oh i see. what you're saying that's a great. idea go ahead guys what are you. doing about you do five what's your ask. me what your favorite food. is what's my favorite food. pasta yeah i get that. right so now what uh what's my favorite. genre of music the [ __ ] when you play when you're getting ready no um country no i know sad [ __ ] no what hiphop i know that okay one for one one. for one uh how many kids do i want. well you won eight but you don't want. to be pregnant eight. times i'll take that and we're not gonna have. eight go ahead another one. um uh what is my favorite. animal dog yeah yeah okay if your favorite animal. isn't dog you're crazy weird. you know what i mean. um what's my middle name. anne every white girls with no. limits and sweetheart oh oh michelle. i know i knew that it's actually not now. oh yeah kristen taylor delia. that's sweet so what happened. to um what was my favorite. part of our wedding uh are vowels no um the coffee. stand no that was cool. though shout out to. [ __ ] mark bub from oh yeah yeah yeah yeah uh favorite part of the wedding. me no we were mine. what um dancing with cow. oh that was very scary. oh okay you asked me. now what is my favorite. movie uh swingers oh good good good do you know. what i think the best. movie is the godfather no. uh i don't think you'll. get it what it's called. its name it's called. husbands oh i would have got it oh you would have yeah. it's my jackets of eddies. i don't [ __ ] know even if you can get it but i think this is the best. movie ever um what is uh uh one. of my favorite things to. do at night eat ice. cream and take your pants. off dude watch movies and eat at the same time. yeah yeah um what's my favorite genre. movie uh thriller yes you got it um how many cars do i want as many as can fit comfortably. in your house sweetheart yes. and also uncomfortably yes and also i parked them. on the street yes yeah it's very good. yes very good um how handsome do i think i am. i think you think you're an eight. a nine no i think i'm uh you know it. depends on what day it. is really but you would say yeah. i would say i'm an eight. yeah wow i know you better. than you know yourself keep going. what uh if i had one uh uh on my appearance what. would i change my appearance nothing. oh that's pretty good but i would make my legs. maybe a little longer wider. after i met howie harry jouzy howie jefferson harry josie dude. that guy is tall as [ __ ] and i've got really long legs. and i was like [ __ ] i want that i want those yeah he's cool. dude oh who is my hall. pass if i could have him. is it jason momoa that's so. [ __ ] [ __ ] up dude i love that i love all of that. you probably like it now. that he's even a little bit. fat or you like that. yeah that's [ __ ] dude uh i don't know who mine is uh uh jessica. chastain he's great yeah she's great. she could be yeah could be her all of your like goto's are. like hot women over 40. yeah yeah well you know. because they know some [ __ ] that i don't know. you know what i mean. 50 60 90. um yeah anyway uh all right. well that's good i think we did. a good uh we did. it good you know we did. it good didn't we yeah. what i love you. oh i love you. too uh and this was fun. and that uh wraps the year. up i think probably uh so that's crazy. 2022 2023 is coming up. and uh we will be firing the podcast. on full syllables give a recap. of this year like a general. recap of like how you feel about. it and how you feel going. into the new one. and i'll tell mine too you. go first okay um i feel like it. was a big growth year. and forced both of. us to like be out. of our comfort and figure some [ __ ] out and um in the growth i think came healing and i'm excited for our next chapter it's going. to be really fun yeah i hope yeah. i feel like uh you know. i don't know uh i feel like it. was a lot of resetting resettling. um and we we feel good. uh and this year. has been good and it it. i have a lot this. year has been hopeful. i have a lot of hope. for the future um and i've been very grateful. this year um so i feel grateful. and hopeful for next year. uh in 2023 and i really hope that. you guys have a great. year next year and i will come back. i will come back for this. podcast it'll be uh just me doing an episode. um it might be a little late this. next week but uh in the in the new year. but uh we are uh we're back. and firing on all syllables. like and subscribe and also get tickets. i'll be in san diego. in like a week or two. uh seattle i mean i'll be in san diego. for a week or two i've been in a week. in a week or two. i've been seattle and portland brea. improv uh seattle and doing mccall hall. and then new york new york. uh rhode island chicago in february and louisiana. and all that midland texas. chrisley dot com get your tickets. thanks a lot you guys. well that's it for youtube. if you want to. catch the rest of the episode. go on over to uh patreon dot com. crystalia and you can get the rest. of the thing with me hearing. kristen we're doing it in two parts. so uh you know it's either. part one or part two. right now but either way go and catch the full version. of part one or part. two by going to. patreon dot com crystalia also you can get all. the backlog episodes that come out that have come out uh full in their entirety and also every month we do an episode for patreon that is not on youtube. so check that out too. and all that is just six dollars. so going over to. patreon dot com crystalia thanks. a lot [music] 