 runk hello hello hello hello hello all right look let's start. the clock over we've got the lifeline. l uh lifeline live show uh tuesday. in irvine california tickets. uh at lifeline go to. christ dot com go to. whatever but you get get the tickets. uh at watch lifeline dot com. um you know why i'm shaking my head. lifeline live no why. cuz it's going to. be so unbelievably great. that i'm just in disbelief. okay okay okay um uh well good yeah. it will be it'll be great. uh the questions will be uh you know. people asking like how do we do how are how are we doing it. um when we go in chris moo will be there. in the l what like the lobby. i think so yeah in the lobby. and uh he will be taking your you know. we'll be setting it. up so come find me. come find him so you can ask him. the questions and then we can like kind of like you know. set it up as the show. goes he he knows which ones. are the ones that he's going. to you know and knows where you are. knows all that knows where you. are and then he'll bring the mic. over to you and do all that stuff. so um come be famous. ask us something in person. and be famous uh so yeah so that's what we're going. to do and uh all that. uh i will be in st. oh no i i already did. st petersburg yesterday chattanooga. charleston west virginia uh and then also i'll be coming to. irvine later uh de mo. iowa and uh australia and green. bay so go to. chia dot com to. get tickets and then also you can sign. up for our lifeline luxury. which is patreon dot com. lifeline luxury and that's where most uh that's where the um uh lifeline. live is going to. be and it's going to. live there it be there. along with other fantastic. epes that we do three times. a month now long no longer. two times so if you've been waiting to. sign up for that wait no. more mh uh yeah also uh subscribe. to my solo podcast. um at the private record over on youtube. crazy crazy apps even episodes the latest episodes. even crazier than chris's muscles. if you can believe that uh so go check that. out me know what you think in the comments and of course like i said subscribe. i just got and you want a oneonone session. with me go to. m dot com save your life. make your life better i just got a smell. of something so nice that's me. what is it me essence. of math no it's not it's not. essence of mat no it's not essence. of matte look good what. is it out of 10. look 9.4 oh really yeah. well that's not that's great oh it's good. yeah yeah yeah what do. you mean i didn't act disgus i thought the way. yeah i thought i misread the way. you said over really what does. that smell did you somebody. spray something the lava lamp. what the it's not the lava. lamp dude we got a lava. lamp i guess right. here oh we can see. it the lava lamp is right. here is it on is it. does it move move. it a little bit that. way moved it around and then it be fine. because it'll what oh like if you turn. it upside down it it it's really. hot is it really i didn't know lava. lamps were actually the the temperature. of lava oh that's why. they're called lava lamps yeah. uh that that is so hot. it's unbelievable that is an absolute dangerous. thing to have and that's who has them. so that's why we never had him. yeah yeah um that's crazy. anon's laughing anon's laughing so hard. cuz you know it's hot. right you touched it right. no oh he didn't even know. he set us up he booby trapped. us set us so he booby trapped. us um booby tra dude. what a ter uh so anyway are lava. lamps hot are you looking at your your okay. look look i had an amazing. fantasy baseball day yesterday hey guys check out. this time check out. this is the most boring thing. of all time and i'm just really proud of myself. i leapt in the standings was in like sixth or something. now i left into. second place i plan to. stay i plan to. climb oh look i got a notification. for fantasy dude i can't believe how much better. it makes your life when you are in a fantasy. boring fantasy baseball or any fantasy. sports team is you know. what i can't believe how boring. it is i just can't tell you i'm not. going to say you're wrong. you're right for you but i can't. tell you how much how strongly i disagree. that that's great i think that you i think that it's awesome. that it it exists because that's so cool. to be able to. like think like oh i get to. watch more games and be more involved. now you're invest i but i just can't even believe how not how much i don't care. do you play for money. well i have a league of which you'll love this. i'm the commissioner that i've been commissioner. of for over 20 years. and i'd say more than half. of the players been in the league. the entire time chris is in it. okay okay but the other league i'm in one. other league these are the only two leagues. i play every year the other league. is money you put up. like a few hundred bucks. in the beginning of the year. pot yeah exactly first and second place. and what's the pot the pot. is like four or five grand. it's pretty good oh wow. okay so hold on you. you play for not money. on one of them yeah. my league is no money. well then what who cares. what happens but here's what's up. it's fun we talk about it. it keeps us close. keeps us talking these are i'm telling you. this was like freshman. year of college get that but but also i'm still really young. but like it's been a lot. of years since i understand. but but who cares. just still text them well i do. but it's like it's fun. dude you if you know you know six. runs no no six would be nothing. dude i got 16 rbi yesterday. you kidding me 16. rbi 16 riy stakes leapt from six le from six place to. second dud 16 riye stakes is. in a day he's unheard of you' be you'. be dead you' be f. you 60 hey guys i'm dead. you can do some cool. lingo with that like i if i was on that. i have crazy lingo that's pretty. good yeah see you can do. lingo with your friends. were you playing dude. what is the we'll talk. about this on uh luxury. but there's a what is the movie. is the great out doors. where john kandi eats. yes okay i don't know seen. we'll talk about movie people would be. up it's okay i've never seen. never seen trading places you ever. seen aqu buck oh. yeah hey turn off your things. for the baseball there's games going on. earlier today it's different super. annoying so um and uh that it. is crazy if you when you first heard of fantasy. baseball or fantasy sports did you think oh cool. let me tell you a little tiny. brief story it could be very long. i'll do very short version. when i was in middle. school in the monthly baseball card. magazine i would get that i subscribed. to becket remember becket i'm sure. they still have it. there was a little thing talking about fantasy. baseball like little cutout advertisement it. was a mailin league. you literally would mail in who you wanted. on your team and every week. you'd mail into. to this one address what your lineup. was that week they would mail. back to you i'm talking about. snail mail usbs right and i played with like a bunch of old men when i was in middle. school and i had lance. berman on my team. the killer bees i had. two of the killer bees. from the houston astros liz brookman and who jeff. bagwell there's also craig. bigio don't forget cck bigio don't forget. that that's freet killer bees uh yeah it's the killer. beast okay but i didn't have quick. b was my point okay. u but yeah it two out of the three and they would send these packets of how all the other teams. did how your team. did it was the most joyous. thing to get that. piece of mail every wow. so i've loved it since. i was a kid. so then okay so the thing. is with that is cuz that sounds like something. to me that would be like well. this seems too much. work and not fun and then you do it. and it's fun but no you want we're like that. idea amazing wait it came i was excited to. do it was so work. for the guy who we allent. it to he would run. the stats through like it. was so much work for that. guy there was uh talking about talking about talking about the uh the the anticipation and the outcome. and how you're going to. be like liking something. or you know the what what you think that. is going to be good or bad. uh there was somebody that came in once. when i was in i mean. i was in new jersey. so i must i was in elementary school. that came in and talked to. us about sex education. okay and what were you in you. don't you don't i mean. fifth okay you know and she she was. like telling us about sex. and she was like and you know none of us. had had sex and stuff losers. she was like and she was like and uh i remember the first time. i had sex and i remember thinking that's it. and everyone was like oh man. and i was like oh yeah and i was and i knew she was. lying i knew she was lying. even at that age i was like yeah. right's going to beat the [ __ ] right. well that doesn't mean she was lying. though she means was going. to be your experience no. no but she was trying. to make us like not cuz you know. oh she was trying. to make us yeah we trying. to color it as not. that yeah but i'm like uh uhuh. uhuh and dude lo and behold it's awesome. i definitely thought the first time. i had sex i definitely thought. that's it you're kidding me. yeah i swear to. god how did your butthole. feel so stupid dude. richard richard dixon how did your butth hole. feel um dude that was so you thought. that's it yeah oh my god yeah. i mean my girlfriend at the time. who i had sex with we were both. virgins she was weeping saying. it was the greatest thing. that ever happened to. her i was like what's the big. okay well you know dude. that's what happens you know. what no yeah um nah she cried. too all good um. okay but that i mean. oh i go oh i go oh coming. now just coming now sunglasses you know. what i mean anon's going. to do it on the but i go. when i go like oh i got to. do that again yeah okay well we know and i kept doubling it. and doubling it we know. and i got spun out. of control did it too. much yeah we know okay. so anyway but yeah uh yeah oh god. dude and then i don't even do drugs. so i was just splurt. a plenty well drugs maybe that's the difference cuz drugs are you. know often better than sex. oh so when you flirty. you just like no it's not. coke right except except i never did. coke bas she go it's not. that sticky icky yeah exactly. that's exactly what you know. what it's not that you know. what it's not kush yeah. you can you can quote me on that. you know what it's not. chocolate tha just wants to. do the b so much you know going. to go through every drug uh well that was all weed. though yeah yeah that was all weed. um um so yeah so great this. is a great opening. everybody's feeling great everything's good. we got a lava lamp. we're talking about sex we're talking about. fantasy baseball and you got what well i was going. to say i was talk. about colonoscopy but cuz i i mean. making it worse no because i got drugs. i got drugged you know what i mean. you got drugged and then they got and then you got a colonoscopy mhm yeah. i think so who's callin. oscopy no that's stupid not. funny yeah yeah yeah i like it. i like it i mean. so so so having gay. sex for the first time. i like it all right. all right um but go ahead. talk about your kosy what was the drugs. what was it i don't know. but he just gave it. to me and i like to. knock you out or to. make you oh you were so you were awake. well i mean they they they said you're going. to be awake but you're not you're not. really going to. remember it and you're going. to be in and out of sleep. and i was like okay. well i'll probably just not even remember it. at all and i definitely remember him. putting something in my butthole. and i'm a survivor. what if somebody tuned in just like in the middle. of you saying all that you can't. tune a youtube video rewind. rewind but yeah uh yeah dude. it it felt really really really. crazy weird and i still think about it. and i'm a survivor. of course i felt really weird. it's colin oscy you know. who's calling who's who's calling oscopy no who's calling o. scopy okay all right that's very stupid he laughed dude. we love it we love. it so anyway get that done. they found a pup they took it out. all good my baby. pup dude you know what's interesting. we can start we can start. after this why is everything. oh oh this is actually a better. question is are terms related. to buttholes and all this. stuff disgusting in a vacuum. or do they try to. make him sound gross. cuz they're butthole involved. fissure fissure come on dude. i don't think fissure is. gross but so then but anus. is gross right. but is it though. right it is it um it might not be it might just be because we think of anus. but anus we think of it. we think of an anus. now anus is a if if anus was not about a butthole you'd be like that's a weird gross. word is your anus. the planet sound gross. no see because the first part. is in oh the ur makes it. better see i think we're being influenced by what. we know maybe maybe okay. all right um all right. well let's do another one. let's we didn't we didn't even do. one but yeah speaking. of being on come on come. on on irvine tuesday. all right let's do it. dude here we go. all right david sullivan hey. man hey chris uh just uh coming back. from lunch and uh wanted to. get your take on something. thatll happened while i was out. to heat um are you guys. familiar with the phenomenon where in a crisis. sort of situation like uh let's say. you see somebody getting mugged or like uh something takes place. while you're out in public. so the phenomenon is where nobody springs. into action because in your mind. you're all thinking the same. thing somebody's going to. take care of them. somebody's going to help. just thinking about this um so it ends. up being nobody helps right. uh at lunch today uh we're sitting in our booth. waiting for our food to. come out notice woman. in line the cage his trunk. fats uh she hits the floor. pretty hard oh [ __ ] when white as a ghost. she passed out um so we were very close. to the situation i ended up uh springing into. action so to speak and i got somebody to. call 911 we got our water. you we sort of sat with her. until the ambulance. showed up she ended up being okay. uh thankfully but you know. i started noticing people not really like doing anything so uh ended up sort of jumping in there. so wondering what your take is. on that are you guys. in terms of like a fight or flight. sort of situation uh do you spring. into action or can't stop saying spring. freeze up uh have you. ever experienced think weird just curious i can't. stop just action or do you guys. not spring in action or just you know. anyway anyway what do you think of people. do spring in action or i notic you know what just ended spring. and i'm in action in summer. uh dude uh the i think that um first of all. there's that whole thing about how the woman. got shot remember that. whole thing in the newspaper like in new york. in like the 70s. or80 there's a whole documentary. oh yeah there is huh. yeah i watch the documentary. i forget it there's a term for the there's a term for the phenomenon. and it's and it involves it. refers to that incident yes right. exactly yeah and it's about not springing. into action correct there. were like 27 witnesses to. this woman getting raped and mugged and brutalized in broad. daylight on a stoop in new york. city and all of the people. did nothing yeah cuz everyone was like oh somebody will do. something figured someone would do. and nobody called anybody and nobody sprung. into action correct no. one wrong um yeah. so so he's asking what what we would. do i mean there's no way. i would let some somebody just like pass. out and then not do anything. about it i am of two. minds i i've well i've done. both i've sprung into. action and i've also been like nah. somebody yeah of course like i've heard people. from like when i'm at home. a scream and i'll run. to the deck and be like looking at like 18. houses i'll have no idea. where it was and just be like well someone was closer. but also how how could you find. it no exactly there's that. too but like you know. if i was if i was more inclined. to spring into. action maybe i could have like done. more to figure out where it came. from what it was but you know. i've even sprung into. action i thought someone was screaming. and they weren't they were laughing. so like i've even had done. that you spring into. action prematurely and it was a totally unnecessary. spring right um right but yeah i uh what's weird is is that i'm more likely to. to more quickly spring. in action if it's a dog. oh you're horrible you're horrible. person people at dog parks when dogs get into. messes they do this. thing that drives me nuts. they don't run they don't immediately. start yelling and trying to. fix the situation they try. to act cool because they think other people are looking and they're going to. look dumb dude if you think your dog's in danger or another. dog's in danger you don't. [ __ ] play it cool dude i watched a woman halfassedly run after her. dog who just got hit was. about to get hit by. a car and then did i ran. faster than her oh man. away from it cuz you're a big. puss yeah i ran away. crying uh her dog died. in my jacket cuz i was the one. that scooped it up oh no. okay so i'm a hero. i spring wait i spring you spring this. was did you ever tell me. about this a long time. ago when i lived downtown oh my god it. was my favorite hoodie jacket. too it got ruined. so yeah downtown where the dogs. get hit you live downtown where dogs. die in your arms you live. downtown where you [ __ ] up your favorite hoodie. cuz you got dog blood on it. that [ __ ] should have moved a johnny. cash song she should have got there quicker. downtown and now your hoodies messed. yelling yelling not singing hoodies. mah hars dude uh you go now i uh to. spring or not to. spring i sprung before and here's the thing. that i can't stand this. is the thing that i cannot. crank and stand okay is when too many people spring. into action and give an example of that. please and and somebody if somebody's helping let them. help you don't have to. go over there and make it more crowded. and more that in that situation. if somebody's already helping back. you your job is to. back off dud dpring unspring yeah. yeah i i just i that's when when you when someone faints and then they wake up. and have 19 people. standing over them i you don't. that's horrific you don't want one. person to be like all right. you know i i just it's really. that's the thing i don't like the most if someone's already helping you. don't need to. do that for you know. you're at that point you're performing. yeah and just realize that. and go away yeah downtown unless you're unless you're a doctor what we going. to say i'm a doctor of of the soul though. because i'm comedian excuse me can everybody. back away have a doctor of the soul here i i gotta anyway um the other day i was at starbucks. what were you going to. say who there's no one. over there he was going. to say something you know where you don't. want to spring into. action is jail okay g to. tell the most sobering story of all time. well no i've never been to. jail oh good but if something happened in jail you don't want to. spring into action there. it is context dependent correct yeah. yeah yeah yeah and then put yourself at odds. with gangs in jail or something. going to talk the whole rest. of the episode about stories he's heard from about. prison just watching [ __ ] locked up. abroad you know so much can't stop watching it. um just like that's me. if something happens to. jo oh do town i just thought of something else to. do on luxury. anthony write down jail just write. down jail guy i'll remember okay. all right just woke up. okay just writing it down. j a l e. all right uh guy gui all right. uh dude how about the name guy. i love it i haven't met. somebody with the name guy. in a long time. and and i'll tell you right. now that name sucks oh really dude. i love it that name sucks. it's like being named man love. i agree and i wish that was a name too i. love the vess of guy. guy it's so basic. always a guy that sounds like this. i love like really so basic. that it's like beyond that. i wish my name was him. hims i've got an uncle guy. it's short for gano and now he goes by. bernie okay so he's mixed up. and is cool and now it. goes by bernie and it's bernie sanders. yeah yeah yeah uh po. nephew pretty good so all. right let's go to. the next one all right. hey guys my name is lindsay. and this our question for you. is what is your favorite. physical quality and character. quality about the other sibling. see you tomorrow in charleston chris did she say. you in char baby oh so that. was last week oh look. at that little baby so cute. that bill is so straight. cool wait hang on the baby. doesn't work if you don't if they're not. seeing you baby baby uh adam. sendler so i guess um my favorite physic. sorry wait what were the physical. attribute of of the but there. was another thing character. character well that's character. physical is weird uh well probably your the shoulders. they shot cliffhanger on. no yeah physical one. is weird but um yeah for you i'd pick. your oh oh i know what it. is your your your hair per. capita your mustache not a good. thing you know not. even a good or bad. thing just a thing no i like it. i i want what is it. again you have more hairs in your in your mustache. than anyone else i've ever. met in my life compared to. the rest of my beard. you mean well no yes that is true. sam elliott over here you know. i know but like i can't. do that with my mustache. and i don't understand. envious envious no no no but my [ __ ] is all good all all over the place. but why i wonder so i i say. the hair is per. capita your mustache that's interesting. cuz i would rather have your beard. and i was going to. say your beard because it's spread. out more yeah i get that yeah i get it. maybe the grass is greener. you know what i mean. yeah i think that's what we're realizing. show dark matter that's on apple. tv now that's that i just watched. two episodes of i want to. watch it as it good. i love it it looks cool. i love joel ederson oh yeah. me too and i love jennifer connelly too don't. want at me she's okay. okay um oh sexist she's a good. density of mustache is chris's den of mustache. evenness of beard is. is mine oh wow so that's really. i was going to. say that oh you were wow. dude we're facial hair. crazy so um character. is probably your ability to. i mean this sounds i i know. you know what i mean. though you know what i mean. you know what i'm going. to say probably the fact that you can like insulate yourself. from caring too much about things. that you can't control like you don't. over empathize to the point. that it's detrimental to. you same i'm a sociopath. um yeah i do do that. but i mean it's tough man. really put to. the limit um my for the last four. years so anyway um i feel too bad. about everything and it [ __ ] up my life h isn't. that great i think yeah i think that your thing. that i like about you is. uh characteristic is that um my mental. power probably my mental. power right you're pretty smart. but um no that wouldn't be it. uh probably that i i would say probably. that you care yeah. that's interesting hey is that. weird is that weird opposites of the physical. end makes sense though because the thing. that we're too much. of wanta plus and the things that we're not enough. of we want to. be more than yeah it's just like isn't that. interesting inter good question. because it led us. it wasn't a good. question just naturally dick but it led to. something very interesting. so it was a great. question saying we're good we fixed. your your your submission thank you. yeah that was good thanks. for that submission yeah. or i would say say how funny. how much fun like you're so funny. like how much fun i have well i mean that's obviously. you've made me like grand. total i wonder if i could if i could have a chart. the grand total amount that. people have made me laugh. like all together added up. like a pie chart. it would be like the c. like a pie chart. would be like so much of you and then like little slivers for the other. the funniest people i know. even would be like these tiny. little slippers well just your time. amount making it less making it. sound but i'm great and uh and that's that okay. on coke so all right. mr take so all right. all right next one let's do it. baseball third base what up man chris um been follow the podcast for a while i was on an earlier seen him. before but love your guys' stuff. yeah and uh my issue is in my lot. of work we got to. come up with solutions. to problems that arise we round. table ideas we come up. with with ways to. solve them and my coworker. he's also a friend mention so it's okay. for me to add a little bit. of a zing to. these comebacks okay but my friend. and my coworker will say the exact. same idea or solution. that i come up with seconds. after i say it weird. i don't know if it's the adhc. thing or what or if he just blanks. out then copies and pastes in his brain. right right but what weird. it drives me it drives me crazy. dud he's so mad because i said it. and i've already hit him. with the hey man. come up with that. all on your own i also with the man. that's a good idea it's almost. like somebody else came up with it. but i need something a little bit more. clever a little bit more. creative um again i should mention that. we are good friends. and weely each other quite. a bit like email or this. talking or what give me. your ideas give me uh give me your one. lighters b let's see let's see. if we can really drive that. point home i don't i don't subscribe to. this i go hey i said that. well that's that's your answer that's your that's yeah. there's no hey jokey around. hey is anybody else realizing what's going. on i'm oh dude you're a parrot. yeah well that's good too. you're a parrot i would. i would make a big dramatic. thing and just stand. up and be like like look lost. like what what and then when someone's like hey chad. or whatever your name is like what's going. on be like what are we in the grand. canyon because there's a crazy echo make a big show out. of it imag if he did that. stand up and everything. like make a whole thing. out of it what the yeah exactly. looking clos at the wall. yeah right right right this. isn't rock rock dude or or or you can just start going when he says that and then some like oh they look at you and they go like this. is everything and just do it for too. long kind of until people are like and you go oh oh dude. why is there no. echo on that i'm sorry. i'm sorry i thought we were all. pretending to be birds. right right right because what i was doing. was being a twocan. and what my friend was obviously. doing here was being a parrot. because what i said he copied and that's what parrots. do so what birds. are you yeah that would be that. would be really good that. would be let me just tell you. if somebody did that that. would be my best friend. yeah that would be that would be the most. amazing thing anyone's ever done. in a work meeting dude. why but also imagine being the person. that wasn't looking and how scared they were then they would be infuriating. but dude why don't people do [ __ ] you know because they don't want to. get fired they're not creative. because they don't want to. get fired no you wouldn't get fired. for that you don't think you'd get fired. for that not if you did. it in a finesse way i could do it. to where but i'm a comedian. though yeah a finesse way. i i just dude. that would be so [ __ ] funny dude. the finesse way by christalia a just so loud. the volume right curly curly. oh man dude that's g. to have to. stop pretty soon actually people are turning. off the show you know no way. are it on more like neighbors. are complaining you know yeah. people are about to. spring into action to. see what the hell's going. on i mean that would be good if you just did. that one if you want. to take it to. a lesser level like not. too like scary people. be like what is chris doing. i'm just like this and then finally someone be like chris. what are you doing oh. dude oh sorry i'm being a a little chick. little bab chick cuz he's being a parrot. what birds are you yeah something like that. would be great we gave. you a lot of ideas. it's a grab back pick whichever. one you want it's a winner either way. you know just doing all birds. you know [ __ ] a the guy in police academy. dude i just made that joke. i just made that joke. i just made that joke. the guy from police academy. somewhere i can't remember what was that. guy's name that guy. was a wait wait wait what. was his [ __ ] you know his name i don't even i don't even have a guess. carl carl probably a lot of black guys. in the 80 were name. to carl carl winslow true. carl malone who's carl winslow. carl winslow is a dad. of family matters there we go. there he is oh michael winow. oh what the [ __ ] that's why. i thought it was carl that's why. i thought you just said who's carl winslow. though not him right. but you said who's carl winslow. so maybe it wasn't because of carl because you said car. no that's why it's in my head. as but you didn't even know. who carl winsa was i. do know who car you. said you said carl i go oh yeah and you know i know who re johnson is i've worked with him. yeah he's the man dude. what a cast dude. the top question on google. is was regginald v johnson a real cop. oh god dude i don't understand. the [ __ ] i see sometimes. on google this is i i say this. a lot okay listen up. everybody needs to. listen up cu however much. you already think it you don't. think it enough everyone is unbelievably [ __ ] stupid mh. however stupid you think people are mh. they're way stupider than that. i want you to. imagine a level of stupid. that you've never even imagine pretty. wild okay then imagine one a little bit. more stupid than that. and then you're in the ballpark. i mean that means more. than one person i know google. that yeah people generally i mean. obviously not everyone because if everyone was stupid. no one would be stupid. but there are so many people that are so unbeli stupid. other people even not smart. ones i'm not saying i'm that. smart i'm just saying i'm not stupid. like mhm even people. like that like me can just it's a marvel. it's a marvel how stupid they [ __ ] are okay all right. next one is reginal val johnson. a real cop unreal. hey matt hey chris longtime listener. first time caller i don't know. what to do with my hands. matt i got these glasses. because of you hey uh they don't look. as good on me. though unfortunately first thing i thought was glasses are great. um chris i bet your hair's at 10. today 94 how do you guys mentally. you know when you want to. get over advice but you can't. necessar neily can be consistent. with it you know whether that be eat a sleeve. of saltines at the kitchen. at 2: a.m. and [ __ ] black or you know one beer after work. turns into two beers. and then it turns into. four nights in a row. you know you don't want to. do these things you keep at. it uh yeah how do you how do you guys how do you recommend. taking that first step any advice. would would be great love. you guys um yes i'm going. to have to. clear my search history after this. okay why what on his. classes is that's that's f. i don't know but that's funny. because what oh i bet. we could find out what. he's oh he's watching lifeline. that's hilarious okay cool. um uh well i uh this is yeah. i have to i know. myself well enough at this point. where i know i need to. catch myself in a certain mood to. do that to take that first step. because it's all about that. first step you do that first step. you start that first day. by day two it's so much easier than day. one to be like i'm not. doing that anymore or i am doing that. now because you already started. there's a kind of mindset. that i every once in a while like slip. into totally doesn't feel like it's in my control. i don't know how i end. up in it but i know. it by now i'm jimes bond and i think oh what are things. i've been meaning to. either stop or just start because right. now i can do them. oh that's cool yeah but it's hard. to describe it i can't like there's a sense. of like it's a sense. of like freedom like the the knowledge that you actually can do anything which is true. and we all know it's true. about all of us. all of us can do things. like quit smoking or whatever. it is you know but like when we're on the dayto. day we don't step. outside of ourselves and realize that. ever we're just like having a cigarette. smok right but every once in a while i at least. slip into. that frame of mind where i'm like anything. can happen now i need to. either stop the things i've been trying. what is what are those things. that i need to. start or stop whatever and that that. for me is the only time. i can kick something into. motion and and and have it stick. yeah other than that i don't. know what to say yeah. yeah i'm trying to. think of like selfcontrol really it's just the heart. it's the it's so it's weird. we're all over within we're all in a war. within ourselves you know yeah. it's all about doing it. that one time though that you want. to stop doing something you stop that. one time and then the next time. you go to do it. you're like but i didn't do it. last time so. i there's that but also sometimes if you're talking about. it like in an addiction. way the craving is now. worse because it's been two days not one. sure but if you hit that threshold it ends. up listening again true. uh yeah i don't uh you're talking about. a really tough thing here. and [music] um develop a routine. i guess is yeah the thing. i mean schedules help. yeah much easier to. work out if you are already. somebody that works out regiment's. help regim regiment johnson. wow crazy we're brothers y uh what did that you you. actually speaking of smoking chris you quit smoking using that book what what does. he say the client said no congo. remember when he got to. the part we said the same. ital gics over and over again. that was the thing the thing that he does. in that book i think is like a it's like a book. form of meditation he kind of just keeps repeating phrases. that you start to. think uh differently. about the thing that you're doing. because obviously his point. is that you've trained yourself. to think that this is good. that it tastes good. that but actuality it's gay. and you're a homosexual you know. that's what the guy. says wouldn't stop for example he refers to. it as the weed. right the tobacco weed and he's like he's like you're you're sucking. on this weed. and then then you start to. think that's what they say. in the book is what they says i'm quoting it. just and then you go to. pick up a cigarette. and you're like this i don't want this. weed like that's one. small very simp there something about redefining. the thing that you do. and if it's something you want to. stop redefining it as something kind of gross. and if it's something you want to. start redefining it as something like not like oh i don't want. to work out it's redefine you get to. out yeah exactly it's a privilege. yeah and if you don't you [ __ ] guys you know the most and homophobic advice giver on earth. just he's secretly gay. everything yeah exactly yeah oh so here's the deal. uh you [ __ ] guys tony tony robbins you know. what you you you're in a toxic. relationship well you're not you [ __ ] guys tony robbins is the best. dude i don't care what anybody. says okay that's it. going to leave that there. all right and and i'm tony robbins. okay next video all right. hey chris and matt big fan. from australia can't wait to. see you when you come to. melbour in july my question. for you guys is um uh treatment. or medication for adhd or add. um i was diagnosed a year. and a half ago. and i have since tried three. different medications rellin viance and dexamphetamine um chris i know. you mentioned you've taken viance before. very curious to hear. your thoughts on it and how you felt taking it um yeah the prise being um you know. it works the medication works. helps you focus you can get a lot. done and you know the uh the sorry. the cons being like i get terrible. sleep like even before medication. i got bad sleep. and let alone but this medication. and when you pair a stimulant and lack of sleep. really tough on your heart. and yeah at what point. you know do you weigh. out the process the cons. like what you know i don't know. i'm curious to hear what you guys. think about about this sort of stuff. i thank you by trade. thank you see in melbourne. in july chris dot com. uh yeah dude i i took uh i have tried viant. i mean what i had a prescription. it's like um prescription. for like uh paying attention. i mean rin same [ __ ] you know okay and um i i maybe have done it like maybe taken three until i was like wa is it not a daily dose thing it's about no it it is but i didn't do i didn't i was like i can't do this because uh it is [music]. um you're all of a sudden you are in love with life. oh that sounds like the best. drug world and i don't i can't be dependent on that. that would be crazy but is it. addictive oh yes i i dud. i've never heard of it. until right now okay well i i took it so i'm an addict i i obviously and then i didn't i i was always in the back. of head like maybe i'm not an addict. like you know like maybe it's just like cuz in the back. of my head i was like look. my addiction was. like sexual i'm like i'm it's in sex. but like i was like a lot. of people don't believe in sexual. addiction like even though so i'm like but you can kind of be. addicted to anything. dude i took vi ans. and i'm like oh okay so hm i. didn't stop thinking about it for over. a month every day. meaning what though that could mean. so many things i took it once and what was the experience. like that you kept thinking about i was. like i wish i could take it. again now oh my god. yeah so i would be i'm so happy. i already knew i was an addict. and i stopped after like the third. time cuz i would have been [ __ ] beyond. belief now i would have been the most sucessful. person in the world because i would doing 95 podcasts. what why don't you just take it. every day it sounds like it. helps i know because i think that it. might have to. do i think that what what could. happen is i would maybe uh you'd have to. take more and more i don't know if it's one of those drugs. i don't that's why i'm asking like when i say why. don't you it's not that. i think you should it. felt too good and it. felt dangerous the only time. i've ever had that experience was when i had a um shot of why. can't i think of the the steroid. uh cortisone cortisone in. my butt cheek my rear end. butt cheek and i was so sick. i couldn't even swallow it. hurts so bad yeah they gave me. this cortisone shot in my rear. end butt cheek and i'm telling you. so far by the before i walked out. of the doctor's office not only could. i swallow but it didn't hurt. at all when i swallowed and i never felt such elation. and ecstasy and just general jubilance like for no. reason so can we rephrase i took the stairs. down and i had a fever. i felt so good i was like running. down the stairs like yeah like just loving. life dude wow can can you so you can rephrase that. i went to. see a guy he put something in my butt. and i swallowed and it felt so. good absolutely obsessed with homosexual. acts this person am i wrong. guys oh dude no no. but that is meaningless because the what. i did all i did. was give a more descriptive. experience of what you did. went to see a guy. he put something in my butt. ran down the stairs so happy. swallowing the worst sentence. of all time just mad not. lip not well constructed. at all dude you say that. and says oh dude. you got to shot a cortisone. and the doctor helped you yeah. if anybody's had that experience they would say that. that good all right. well i've i've gotten uh anyway back. to her thing yeah yeah i you know. that's my experience taking viance i mean. i've taken it three four. times it's just tradeoff i was on a boat. dude and i was like oh i'm a captain all right. i'm i'm a captain captain phillips no. dude i no cuz i don't get overtaken. by dude if captain ph. was on v an he would have [ __ ] won. no pirat would have came board i'm telling you. why have i never heard of this. drug and why is everyone. not on it it's basically a version. of like you know i know. people who take it every day. and they need dude. that's the idea to. because because if they don't they go. like this i haven't found my keys. in nine days you know what i mean. oh yeah so oh okay. so like i see like for me. it's you know just like like i i can't. i can if i hit coffee. doesn't really affect me. but if i if i drink like eight. shots on an empty stomach of coffee. that can make me feel that. way that sounds like it. would feel terrible though it. doesn't and tell what feels terrible. 3 hours later when i take a dookie okay right. dookie you know um yeah well that's viant how have i never heard. of a drug okay i don't know but you obviously don't listen. to my podcast i've talked about it. quite a bit dude you need something. for the thumbnail anthony here check it. out all right um just for the thumbnail interesting if you need it uh all right. so uh if if you're if think of like a middle point like how much you're willing to. trade off from your present. self that you like being right. if the drug that you're on that. is helping you pushes past. that point that you're comfortable with that you' already. decided is where you're comfortable. then don't take it but if it's within that. threshold if it's underneath that level or whatever i didn't then then maybe it's worth it it's just the problem is people forget that any kind of drug aid is it's always going to. be a series of tradeoffs like that steroid for instance. if i took that consistently i would gain weight. i'd be lethargic and i'd feel like [ __ ] yeah and you have a lot of guys putting stuff in your butt. and that's not what i want. but doing it once made me feel. way better and helped we get back. off bounce back. from this terrible sore. throat thing i had um i didn't know that. cor helps like s thr. antiinflammatory oh so like and it it. just is immediate i don't know. the thing that confuses me about that. is how did it it sounds. so stupid to. somebody who knows how it works. to me yeah it's like how did it know. my throat was what needed. the antiinflammatory we don't know folks. well we do know we just don't know. no we don't know we as a human. race know yeah for sure yeah. okay well yeah it's tough it's tough i don't. know i think that uh i didn't i didn't notice. any sleep i maybe i wasn't on it. long enough but i didn't notice. me many sleep uh you know you need you need you need sleep. you got to sleep. yeah any drug that's [ __ ] with your sleep. is maybe try coffee. try more coffee cuz coffee. when i was younger. the doctor told me you should drink. coffee you got the personality. to where like if you drink. coffee you'll be able. to pay attention more. and you need caffeine. so i said okay. that's really a doct what. a doctor said wow dude. i had one time a doctor told me. to uh eat more. salt and let me tell you everyone. who always constantly says hey matt. why do you eat so much. salt you shouldn't need so much. salt shut up mhm a doctor told. me to do god dude. so many people eric griffin. is the number one man. you put too much. salt you know why though. because he probably had a doctor tell him. to stop eating salt cuz it's bad. for him and it's true. for him but everybody's different. hey everybody everybody's different that's the best. advice i could ever give anybody. okay okay all right guys. i'm a huge sh i'm actually. on my way right. now to go see chris at the north charon performing. art center oh hell yeah. um anyways i have like a dumb. question i just wanted to. know i guess if i'm an [ __ ] because of how annoyed i get with people that i have to. deal with working in a nail. slon because i'm around people that baffle me. on a daily basis probably not anho um there was a lady a few days. ago that actually started whistling out. loud to the song. that was playing on our speaker. oh god like really really loud. everybody in the salon could hear her. because there wasn't a lot. of people in there do you think that's normal. do you think that's weird. um do you think it would have been okay. for me to tell her. to please stop because of course it's just weird. it's annoying it's in public. like it's weird to. even whistle to yourself. out she works there outside but indoors around other people is just really really interesting indo weird. let me know what you guys. think um i love you. guys much hope i get on the show. bye yeah i dude. it always makes me think of this. one time i was at starbucks. i used to. go to that one on. uh like near woodman in ventura. remember that yeah i do remember that. a lot on a lot. street yes yeah yeah yeah and uh there was this. uh lady that would go and she uh the only reason why i mentioned she's asian is because she was not american. she was obviously from not america. like you could tell when she spoke she was. had you know broken english. and yeah um and uh she would sometimes hum. while she would be at that. starbucks and she was on her. computer just kind of like and there was and it. was always kind of interesting. but i was like it's not so bad. she's just humming who really cares. how loud can you like do. how loud it was so oh one time. she was like she must have been like when i'm here. i usually don't hum. loud enough she did it. so loud and this loud m in starbucks. and she had headphones on. and was doing this or this. was just nope oh wow. okay jeez how crazy. it's very soulful though well. i mean i'm probably doing it. better than she was that's the soul that's coming from you. yeah i have soul i don't know. if she had that much soul okay but it was bad. how she was doing it. and i and here i am like i'm. just like i'm like what the start. people start looking at each other. right yeah right when it's like that. you know it's we're like okay. um i guess we won't say. anything for about bit you know. you kind of let people have a little bit. of that if you want to. hum for a little bit. okay yeah even if it's a little loud. few minutes at the most. yeah so she kept like jesus. and i finally the the barista. came over oh and was like excuse me ma'am. um c can you not hum. you're humming so loud oh wow. and um it's just kind of disturbing people and she goes like this. oh okay and she didn't anymore. and she stopped yeah oh that's good. and every time i think of that. story i think of another story okay. to where i was watching porn. once okay when i was in my apartment. in my apartment and uh i went to. that starbucks and i opened my computer and it went oh yeah. and i just and i i i put it back. down that's only happened to. me once and it was i was with my girlfriend. i i guess i don't even remember what. i was doing i guess i was watching porn. on my phone way earlier. get in the the car my car. and you know when you have a car. it the bluetooth picks up automatically yeah that. kind of set you up. there and i guess i didn't close. the window or something. and it just immediately started. playing just some woman moaning and i was like oh oh i first the worst. part is i didn't even. know what it was at first. right right right right and then i quickly scrambled. i was like oh god. what am i going to. even do honestly i got away. with it because she didn't either. she didn't know like it was so weird. that's an easy e song. the beginning to. an easy e song but it. was like the kind of thing. where like either she didn't. hear it or she wasn't. paying enough attention or i don't know i honestly. don't know cuz she didn't. want she would have brought it. up oh my god okay. so it wasn't like oh i know something. and then i don't okay. um yeah uh but i have a and then i got mad at myself. because i was like you can i was like how do you it's sucks. there's no way to. lower the volume first before you. open the thing well yeah you open. it you turn the volume. lower before you close it. right but there's also another way to. do it life hack really yep. how put in headphones. first smart mhm hey oh yeah. just right but you stop it. because it's oh it comes. out oh yeah you know so ridiculous but the lady. was humming too loud nobody. heard you so anyway cover all right. well oh wait i don't remember what. the thing was about of course you're not out. of line to. tell a customer that they're doing anything. too loud if it can be considered. too loud for other customers like it's sort of messing with their experience. of your establishment always okay. to be like excuse me what the [ __ ] are you doing i mean obviously say it differently. than i did but always okay. excuse me what the [ __ ] you doing um all right. yeah yeah you you you if you work. there there you go that's it. there's your answer you're allowed. to of course yeah okay. okay oh hey what's going. on had to res shoot. this cuz the first one was like 3 minutes long and then when i went to. the submit it it said it. had to be wildly good. if it was anything over 60. seconds so how to. res shoot this so the way you keep it. short in nut show i need some help. and the question is how do i get this. off my head either be gross. or be uncomfortable which one would you pick. example okay my wife thinks it's disgusting. when i snot rocket. and that's the most effective way of me. clearing out my nose. where you don't have napkins. or tissues or anything. around you obviously i'm not going to. do it in front of people. i'm going to do. it off to the side. but it's not rocket effective. keep it walking keep it. moving uh and then that leads me to. what happened today which was i sneezed. this is going to. go over a minute guys i i sneezed um into. my hand and didn't have anything. around me took off my shoe. wiped it with my sock. my wife thought that was the most. disgusting thing in the world she said. never do it again. i said i might because i because it was the most. practical thing at the moment. i'm not going to. wipe it on my shirt. right i'm not going to. wipe it on the ground. or anything else because my hand going. to get dirtier so that's what i did. this guy hilarious a minute. and 20 seconds all good hopefully. i get picked dude. you're hilarious buddy you're disgusting. buddy my thing is like how often are you not around. a place where you can get a paper you're [ __ ] gross. keep a [ __ ] kleenex in your pocket. man no but you're sn rocket. you have a beard that means you're old enough. to know you don't do snot. rocket snot rocketing is pretty gross. it's disgusting even in the shower. i've never done one i've never done. it once ever in private. and public try in the shower. what it is i don't want. to it's disgusting. i've seen it enough. to know i don't want to. [ __ ] do it that's number one. number two don't sneeze. into your hand ever that's not even. what you're supposed to. sneeze weird that's weird you go like that you go like this or into. your [ __ ] shirt or run to. an area where there's nobody uh yeah. that would be better than seing in. your hand okay uh you yeah. i the sock be uncomfortable. for a little while the sock. thing is is is i have wiped my nose. and like it's been wet and i've had nothing and i just wiped it. on my my sock i have done. that okay maybe i can't. think of it but i think that that's that. sounds gross better than aot rocket. nobody knows it's not rocket. this dude took off his shoe and wiped on his sock. crazy guy yeah taking off your shoe. is weird unless why does he have a helmet. on looking like an unwrapped. condom makes bad decisions. he does he makes he makes questionable decisions. his what's up i i i tell you right. now i would hang out. with that guy for course you would dude. you'd bring him to. family dinner and would be like why the [ __ ] diding this guy i would i would and i' be like make sure you have kleenex around um yeah i don't so being gross. or uncomfortable so so he's saying he's gross. if he snot rockets or he's uncomfortable. if he doesn't right i would i would i i don't i here's the thing. i find snot rocketing not that. helpful honestly because you can do it you've never done because you can do it i thought you me something and then it it never fully shoots out. it's still kind of like is in there. a little bit well you need still. need paper products sn rocketing is. not good uh the the but it works. for him obviously he says it. does so well he says he's less. uncomfortable afterwards which i would argue for me. it's at least the same uncomfortable. just let yourself be uncomfortable. for a little while until you can find a piece. of paper you can never be. a monk you disgusting. guy well i mean we we all. have our stuff i like how he doesn't think it's disgusting. it's not like he's doing it. not thinking about it what. i prob was until his girlfriend. was like you pig yeah maybe that would bad. yeah that's yeah this woman's totally civilizing. this animal dude this guy's got a [ __ ] wartime helmet. on and no shirt. he put on the helmet. to be funny we don't know that. that would be great. if he didn't if he justar that. and snot rockets all over. absolutely madman yeah um no i like this. guy in all honesty i do but this is gross. to what we're talking about. here be an adult. don't snot rocket and do everything. you can to. not wipe your snot. on your sock and frankly. everyone knows what i just said. that is over the age. of 13 pretty much yeah. yeah okay you know what. i'm saying yeah we could do. another one oh wow you know. that part chris m big fan. of you guys chris i'm going. to see when you come to. australia pretty keen for that. one but check this out. i need your advice on this. h probably 23 times. in my whole life this. exact situation has panned out. i'm talking to. someone uhhuh and then they lean. in with a concerned look. on their face and go huh. have you been in a fight. you've got a black eye. oh god oh it's just the way. my face l under certain lighting. conditions it might look like i got black eye. but i've just got bags. under my eye wow why would you say. that it's like saying to. a pregnant person h oh like a person you think's. pregnant yeah are you pregnant. no they're just they couldn't stop eating. they're fat don't say that. you like what do you what. do i do what do i do. when they do that. i just want to. do something so left. feel have you got a black eye. and then i just give them. one i don't even like start. singing or just [ __ ] in them fa. don't do that singing what do. i do [ __ ] in their face you know you might have you might find trouble. if you [ __ ] the face no no no no no work on your muscle of being able. to cry on q. and then when they ask you do you have a black eye. were you in a fight. just [ __ ] let tears roll out of your eyes. and say what and be like i don't want. to talk about it i don't want. to talk about it yeah. that would be good like longer. term thing though because i think what he's looking for is. something that makes them right. there he didn't look like he had a black at all. yeah so maybe carry around. a [ __ ] light and just have it blowing in your face. fill in the bottoms fill fill light the bottom always one. of those yeah things yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah what are those. called those lights that. you hold like right. in front of you. i know they're fill lights. but they're called some there's new ones. that are like have a name. everybody what was that. show bosom buddies with what ring light. yes ring light oh b. buddi bosom buddies when in the beginning when they're tanning and they have the in the in the opening. credits you know that you know. that okay oh wow right. sounds sometimes i come up. with good stuff and then other things that don't mean. anything uh i don't know what the solution. is but i can i can uh uh sympathize with what this. guy's saying it's so annoying. when you're in the middle. of saying something and someone notices something about your face. and then while you're talking ask. about it's like you don't have just like you you got to. wait till i'm done at least. like wait your turn dude. yeah wait your turn for sure. you're not listening to. me at all and then be like no no. i was listening it's just like okay. well if you were shut the [ __ ] up shut the [ __ ] up and let me finish shut the [ __ ] up how about how about yeah i have a black eye because i got fight with somebody because they interrupted me because they asked if i had a black eye but no that spoke for itself what i said what i said no i don't like the full circle take it full cir to. do so i don't like that. i do i don't like the full. circle okay well we're at odds. i do so what are you. going to do about that. getting married um okay well i think that uh yeah. i think that it's not. that i i don't i that. wouldn't annoy me 23. times in his life dude. that's a lot of times. once a year adult years. so twice a year he looked older looked like he's in his 40s. maybe no he's not in his 40. great though like in his sometimes. just plain mustaches don't look. great he look great. in a mustache i give him i got to. give him that okay you should see how i look in the mustache. you've never had one. not once why that's weird. yeah you never even. played around with one dude. played around with mustach play. around with a mustache gay. play around with the mustache. dude i've played around. with mine wow but i've played around. with mine well i played around. with some other guy's mustaches okay. wow that sounds gay that sounds uh very gay. and cute cute gay the cuter you are when you're gay the gayer you are that's what that. is oh okay extra gay. if you're cute and gay i don't know uh i don't know if that's true. like if you like twirl a man's. mustache yeah that's gayer than having sex. with them okay i don't think so and i think we can wrap. things up on that don't you okay. that's fine yeah we'll see. you at the lifeline live show. in irine and go to. our patreon we're going to. do one right now patreon dot com. lifeline luxury and that's where the lifeline. luxury the lifeline live will be on uh anyway. it is where it's at. everybody okay it is where it's at. we're doing three month instead of two we are we really doing three. months instead of two yeah i thought sometimes. you still do two no. doing three three minimum really oh yeah. oh so drunk all right. thanks guys hello. hello hello hello hello hello hello 