 you don't remember this. i did not yes you did. you used to. do that like what you used. to do that bro. i i hate [ __ ] like that. that's so awful are you. sure it was me. i runk hello hello hello. hello will you please. hello hell h. like if i go i want to. put something on this. side or if i'm looking at that. do this that's interest. that's funny that's weird so especially because you've seen yourself. on camera a lot. a lot trust me. a lot dude always on camera. self somebody's always taking video of me. and i'm you know and you're looking. at it you're making me. look at it and all that. making me uh it's all right. dude we got it it's at 39. it's fine fine um we uh are chilling. here right robot chill. bot 3,000 we are. chilling here relax take. a load off it. was nice walking in here for once. the uh ac was actually blasting. instead of walking in and it was sweaty. i actually was able to. put on something long sleeve. for once because i always have to. wear short sleeves cuz it's always 10 degrees. in here 100 dude. i made that mistake before. what i said 10 when i meant. to say 100 what is earlier. like before we started recording. wow well i guess that's good i have a bubble in my throat. can you tell can you tell my voice. is higher i can yeah. there's a bubble in my throat. i was sick last week. can you tell from my voice. i can yeah yeah it sounds terrible. um so anyway did you want to. talk more about the sweatshirt. that i'm wearing you pointed. out something about it. that i didn't think about but it's true. i put it on and you said i said look. at how weird the neck. is on this thing and you said oh it's probably. for bodybuilders it is for bodybuilders well it says body. alive and there's a big buff. guy on it and i'm wearing it and i'm a big. buff guys so you're probably right it. is for bodybuilders you didn't think. about how that was a bodybuilder. thing guy a bodybuilder on it. says body alive no i don't i don't. think about they're being closed. for bodybuilders obviously there are though. as you pointed out but i didn't think body. alive that's why um what's that. baby alive is a thing. an old an old an old um toy it's creepy. baby alive baby alive where you're like your own. little dr frankenstein i don't really. know oh i i talked about on congratulations. once but i forget what it. is is interesting uh or did we talk. about it here about. it on uh on luxury. oh we talked about life. like luxury wow and you don't even remember bad. guy bad guy so i don't even remember what we did. right after we did it. same same i'm so that way and when i watch an episode which. i don't watch every episode. but i'll i'll like put one on every once in a while i think when was that and it'll be like 4. days ago i know. i know i i i'm like that. too if i can do a song like that. baby alive i'll remember it. but if i can i won't the reason. why that shirt's a bodybuilder. shirt is because the neck's big so the traps can stick. out and you look crazy. good yeah and also so that like the tops. are the guys big taters can. stick out right yeah well the yeah. top ters the tops. of the ters right the top. very very typic tops. of the ters yeah um so anyway that is um that is a cool. shirt i like it and i wanted. it and if i was wearing it it would fit better. because i'm a bodybuilder now. i don't think it would fit you at. all um here's the deal. about the baby alive doll. the thing that we talked about with the baby. alive doll that is on. lifeline luxury if you want to. join the lifeline luxury. go on over to patreon dot com. lifeline luxury and that is where you can get the extra. episodes only on patreon only uh for the lifeline. luxury and that's where we do. not take submissions we just bull. we bull crap uh as brothers. uh if you want to. get me on tour. oh trenton new jersey is on live. right now uh is that a new date. yes it is december 1st. chris uh chris dot com. but i'm also going to. be in uh co wait. cina and pittsburgh uh cleveland. southern california is cina cleveland. detroit and uh orlando florida fort. meers and it's just going to. be richmond virginia and baltimore. uh philadelphia reading and then oxnar dates coming. up chris dot com. go get those tickets uh thank you very much and then uh if you have a question. or if you have uh submission we don't need any. more jordan with the slam submissions. by the way we got a lot. of those we're in inundated with those so go to. watch lifeline dot com and send in a video uh you guys always get the jordan with the slam's. wrong anyway uh or you can do the hotline. it's below if you want a oneonone advice. session with matt matt de leo. will give you very very coveted. opinions and great great uh advice. great advices uh matt toa dot com. and the lifeline merch for the purple. pimp pimpin or the other ones. that you want to. get lifeline merch dot com. you know what what sorry no. and we're off the other merch. that i really like a lot. is the the sweatshirt. the gray one. one that's the best one. yeah with the logo very very very nice kristen. wears mine and it looks good. on her and just very nice material. just a very nice piece. of clothing everyone who. wears it looks very nice. okay all right i mean. i guess so i mean. there are probably i've seen people who don't look. good in it no i've seen. people a lot of people wearing them. and they all look i will say. i will say that. gray crew neck sweater. is one of those things. that when people wear they do. look nice yeah they look very nice. you know sometimes people don't look nicer. with clothes on but that one. is absolutely popping so almost everyone almost always looks better. with clothes on now. true not me i look. crazy good naked you should have. longer sleeves on and here's why what is that what is what. oh the cupping oh that's a cupping. mark why were you cupping. on your arm i didn't. know i was going. to be doing it but uh the guy. this guy anthony came over um he just snuck a cup on. you it no no no he's a he's a um a physical. therapist for the lakers and since we're all and since we're all athletes we're all athletes me and the lakers. he came over and and uh he's a fan. he ced you he he listens. to lifeline actually and uh he uh he was helping me. with my i guess tontis tennis elbow tennis. elbow uh climbers elbow. i call it because i did. a rock climbing okay that's actually how i got it but um and so he was like do this cupping and i was like okay. had you ever done it. before no have you mhm it's weird. i h i've done. it a few times but all on my back. yeah so i never really i didn't know. you could not do you could do it. anywhere i thought you' do it. on my back and that's it. oh i didn't even know what it. was what is it is. it it's so it's a local. thing you can just if something. hurts you can do it. there yeah and did it. help uh i don't know i mean. you're the only one in your body. well because you you have you did i did. it once you have to. keep doing it it's not just like you. know what i mean but isn't that convenient. for all the cuing artists. out there i know but uh i got to. get more sessions with him. he said he just texted me. i got to text. him back but anyway uh anyway that's what that is so i don't need the shirts. but i you know i look crazy. i've been at the gym been doing. crazy so i'm in a caloric. deficit so it's fine. dude what's that mean. it means i take i eat less. calories than i burn cuz i burn. more cuz i'm you know. i'm getting rid of the [ __ ] i'm getting rid of the excess stuff. i'm trying to get my body. fat down is that good though. that sounds like a bad thing. caloric deficit no it's fine. i mean okay i'm in good shape. but i want to. be a little bit you know. in better shape okay that's good for you. good yeah you you ate a bite of my thing. and then you were like i can't eat this. anymore well i i've been good and i didn't i didn't want. your food but i was like oh that. looks interesting i'd like to. taste it and i tasted it. and then i said no i'm being good. and then i just ate rice. and uh uh eggs now that part. was boring well man. you just told a story about how you were you. know uh cold and then hot. and then said 10° instead of 100. so um i bet i'll do it. again today look we all be boring. we're boring and that's fine. to be boring. as long as it's just quick. in and out right. in and out boring. yeah inn out boring forign. uh bad sex in and out. boring that's what far guy. calls bad sex um so i saw the equalizer. 3 oh okay didn't dude. we saw the first one. opening night in the theater. we did yeah me you and uh chris the other chris oh right. so many chris's dude. oh i remember that many chrises in my life. that's so weird man. now what i want to. i have a question. okay what do you like better. john wick or the equalizer. cu they're the same movie. in essence kind of uh i don't think they're the same. movie but i feel similarly. about them okay what do first. of all what do you mean. they're not the same movie. what i mean is john wick is like huge. on stunt filmmaking and specifically like violence. on camera and like the equalizer. is much more of like a dramatic. thing where he happens. to be a guy who can break your elbow. like in one swift motion. but it's not about the action okay. so you're right okay when's the last time. you've seen either john wick or the equalizer. i've only seen the first ones. of both of the franchises when they first came. out yeah so how do you know that oh because i know because i just saw last night. and i didn't even think of that. but you're right i know that. because people are obsessed with john wick it's like become a huge huge huge fr. and the people that are obsessed with john wick are people. who like love fight. fight uh choreography okay cinematography stuff like that. like uncle mike is like crazy. that stuff but how do you know. that the equalizer isn't that cuz i saw the first one. and nobody talks about the equalizer. but nobody cares about the equalizer. yeah i mean they make equalizer. was make money cuz denzel's in it. and denzel's the man. and he's the greatest actor ever to. exist i thought the equalizer was like almost as big as john wick it's not i don't think so it may. not be i don't think so but it definitely obviously. if they made three it does. well yeah i'd rather i i came to. a decision i'd rather watch. the equalizer movies oh oh without question. too yeah oh okay. yeah why because of denzel wasington nothing. against reeves no me too and well you know i'm the biggest ke reev yeah i love ke reeves but it's not the same thing he's just like a great entertainer. is the greatest actor of all. time what is the [ __ ] dog thing the basset. hound thing he's doing now. with the lip coming look. this i think it's just getting. worse with age. he's always had that he yeah. but he does it though. he does he's definitely doing it. dude in equalizer it's so low it's like a [ __ ] fangs coming out. the bottom like you're saying he i always thought it. was just like a yeah i guess. i think that these these actors do that. and then they get known. for it and then like it's like the bruce willis. smirk it's just like it. becomes more and more and they don't even know they're doing. it now but like oh oh you know what i mean. al come chino yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah uh dude i don't know he doesn't because he doesn't do that in interviews. denzel so he doesn't do that. normal but he's but he's not being badasses. in interviews dude equalizer 3 is he just being so badass. it doesn't make sense or what. dude the first shot the first scene. is this guy it's actually really cool. the way they do it. this guy pulls up walks. out of his car the bad. guy uh goes into. a place a house in the house. he keeps passing brutalized dead. bad guys you know just like like literally a butcher [ __ ] in his head like there. this is the opening. scene of the movie yeah. okay um people are just like like uh their faces blown. out with a gun and okay he's fall going. downstairs into the second. level down it morb i mean 25. guys gets into the basement. dude i mean you know where this. is going gets in the basement. two bad guys like this. yeah denzel washington sitting down with the guns to. his head with his ring cleaning. it with a towel why is that happening. dude he's just like this. but what like just though. like he's waiting in line. at but what at is happening. though you know like what is happening. so that's what's happening. but and now you want to. know why he's there you want. to know okay so the guy. is like do you have any idea who you. [ __ ] basically what you so denzel equalized. and now he's at the bottom he came in it. was a bit uneven and he just equal equalized. everything yeah he leveled. the playing field and that's why. as his name he's the equalizer. okay and he's like and they're like uh how this's the first five. minutes of the movie that's so crazy. and the guy and the guy's like uh do you have any idea you [ __ ] with and he was like he's like now you're [ __ ] you know because you got two guys seems it sure seems like he's couldn't be more [ __ ] yeah right and he says denzel says uh we are where we're supposed to. be oh wow so he's not worried. he's not worried at all no. dude he's so not worried. like there's different levels there's not there's there's not. worrying because nothing bad is. happening then there's something bad. is happening but you're not worried. you're like more concerned then there's oh [ __ ] i'm worried right and then there being defensive and being like we don't have to. worry about it i got this. but deep down your word you may. not even know it right. but other people can see it. other people can see it. then there's on top of that. cleaning your ring with a [ __ ] where to. get the cloth even who knows dude. he's in the middle of the room. the sun's coming this way. through a a basement shaft clean. and he says and he says uh we all are. where we're supposed to. be whatever by the way. the whole scene in italian. is he speaking in it in italy. he's speaking italian how could you fail. to mention that part. because i wanted to. uncover it okay so okay so then um he he says you're [ __ ] now and and denzel says in english. i'm not i could tell you that the i could tell you that. the uh your man to. the right is is holding a. gun on me and he's a foot too. close and and which means he's which means he's already. dead luckily those guys don't speak english. nobody speaks english thank god. that was just for us. i guess or he was saying. it out loud and then he then he goes like this. and he go shoots. the other guy that was a mistake. goes like this breaks his [ __ ] thing shoots take the other guy. shoots the now the main bad. guy through the guy's face who's holding the gun. interesting into the other. guy's face interesting interesting. interesting interesting what else you got. and then the movie just starts. from there starts from there. dud that's so weird the first one was like so like it took forever. for him to like equalize. anything i after that yeah. how do you remember that. after that was my criticism. i was like why is he not. like he's not equalizing he's not equalizing. anything until like 50 minutes in after that. it took really long time. for him to start. equalizing again you know a little spurt of violence. or action excitement in the beginning. of a movie will go a long. way a long way yeah yeah a really long way. it was really actually good the way. they did it um and the movie is good. but equalizer 3 is it the best. one of the three i don't remember bro. the first one is not good. oh really but that sounds good. i liked it cuz it was in italy. uh and it was too. it was uh too it. was it was just a lot. of denzel just like that's all. see that's the problem with the first. one all anyone wants when they go. to the equalizer to. see denzel equalize endlessly just like. with a straight face just like popping. people's elbows taking people's guns. when they don't even realize it. turning it around and shooting them. in the face like that's all we want. by the way first one's like a drama in the first one. he goes like this you've got n9 seconds. and then right n seconds and good part. uh and then he puts his watch away. mh for the whole movie. takes it out when it's business. time at the end yeah. right yeah how funny. is that dude that's that's very denzel what's funny. about the equalizer and then we'll get get to. some submissions but the equalizer. is a little known fact. is that that script was. like a passion project for denzel. washington that's not that's not like a studio. effort to be like well. we need a star to. make this movie he like found the script. and he asked antoine fuka to. direct it at least the first one i don't know and uh yeah he did the third. one too he's got weird. taste man he does. have weird talk about that here you. know he's the greatest actor in the world. but he's got weird taste. yeah all right uh uh just straight up never done. a comedy you know. nope he did work with the coen. brothers recently but it was when he was doing. mc beth you know. wow weird uh all right uh all right first submission. let's get going but that's that's kind of what. join lifeline luxury get more of that. now we get to. do submiss oh yeah. oh yeah patreon dot com i mean said it so fast. hello there lifeline oh oh wearing a cardinal. shirt i know you on my last. uh one with the small oh my god. wow but i just want to. know i need help when we get in jordan with the slam. wow merch oh got to. make it like those old 9s tshirts. with a little pocket. little bugs bunny hanging. out well and we get copyright infringement oh oh my oh a dad a dad dude. that guy you know. what's a shame it's so funny. i thought the same i thought this. guy better have kids otherwise he's a worthless. human being oh wow that's true. he's still pretty young though. yeah well you better have kids. man otherwise just going to. waste yeah he's not worthless. but um so dick. but um yeah uh that's a good idea. we actually have talked about it. jordan with the slam merch i think that that will be the i think that that'll probably be the next. one that's a good idea. well we've talked about we give you no. credit well we've talked about it. before yeah we have but yeah so so you didn't actually do. anything man so you know. well he thought of it. too which is fair. uh and he's uh seems fine. you know and he's got the lightsaber which is dorky. write in the comments how much you want. the jordan with the sl. yeah let us know uh if you would get the jordan jordan with the sl. merch uh that's pretty good well that's crazy. to think of that justin mckinnon. knew about that you dude. he's going to sue us. you know actually came up with that when i was eight. no yeah he did all right. all right next one who's next. hey guys i just wanted to. say i think i know that guy. uh who took chris's orders was saying uh think that's good but the quickest. swiftest way you can possibly. say it just work. on it until you eventually. arrive at it's good. skip i forget what was your thing. skib the guy would come. up the wait no matter. what i would order he would just like es skib. yeah he's probably that guy's right. yeah it's could no i don't think. so i don't think that's right. i don't think that's right. why would he say that. you know what i mean. it's good yeah why would he say. that now why would he say well. i mean he doesn't say a skib that's weird. yeah he might well he does though. no yeah he comes out. of his mouth yeah i don't know. what he's saying i don't think it's it's good. was that a b big. boy yeah oh the wait's name was utai ut. ai uti u the worst name. ever uti unary tract [ __ ] infection. his name is std. all right uh you're wrong. next his name is sad. great you're wrong next all. right cool you're next good. day boys big fan. of the podcast i've got a possible. jordan with the slam here we go. um it is funny interview. of kodak black where he's talking. to shoman the god and i forget. the context but he says a help. though like in a funny. way so now whenever something. happens where a warranted answer. would be i hope so me and all. my friends just always go i hope so okay yeah so is that a jordan with the slam. now or is that not it. now here's the worst game. show ever also chris please come to. australia i will want to. see your stand up. very bad love you now. he just said he loved. me that's interesting i love you. too okay uh now listen. this poses a very very interesting. and important query about jordan with this. so by all thus far. defined meanings of like what. qualifies as a jordan with the slam. that would count yeah in my head. it counts but okay. see here's the here's why. it's an interesting question stop rushing me. right i'm not rushing you so stop rushing me and uh it's like it. didn't happen oh right in front of him. right right right it is a public. it's like it was on true. something like a screen but we have but we have ones. like that it is that it. is that that's true i think it's a jord with slam. so it's a jordan with the slam. and not uh it is that. it is that it is that right. no it is it's both. it is that is jordan is a jord oh so there's no delineation. between it is that it. is that i i know. i guess there could be i think there's a little bit of a difference. yeah the shorthand we have talking now. i hope people are on board. with what that i mean. definitely the people who listen. every they've been watching they know. what's going on you. know what i mean all right. so i i we have to. decide right now you're right. okay so i guess technically the creme de la. creme jordan with the slims happen. in front of you. right the creme de creme. ones yeah right but so it still counts. as a i think it's like a second tier. jordan with the sl. so uh anyway it's a tier. two it's a tier two. jordan with the slime okay so that is a tier. two jordan with the slime if it did if haveen it. in front of you. it's a tier one it's a. tier one okay jw t taking so. long to get the acronym. taking so long to. get the acronym uh i thought you guys were for sure. going to say that's not. jordan with a why for the reason. i said reas for the reason. matt said yeah right. right right i thought he was going. to say that too but he's it's counting. as a tier two it's a. second tier okay tier two. jordan with cool yeah all right. cool for those of you don't remember jordan with the slam. [ __ ] matthew mod johnny. bravo matthew modine dud johnny. bravo's son tim bravo gay matthew. modine can no one do the jordan with the slam. another one no one's getting it. save the world um i had this one guy in high school. he was really quiet and but he was like a big. dude you'd expect like this. husky voice big dude. tall but super quiet so great. he knew that he would make people uncomfortable. with his like high voice. he talks like he's deaf and he would be kind of like out. of it a little bit so whenever he made people uncomfortable. blind he owned it and he just went it's all in my head. it's all in my head. and come on that's just that's just the best. you're [ __ ] with people and it always made the boys. laugh you know it's just goofy. so if that's a real jordan in the slam. then uh i win i guess. if you say it though. you have to. like the the guy called calling him. before you it's like now it's a thing. that him and his friends. say that is a key. component of a jordan with the slam. you can't just be like that. was a funny thing that someone said once. so that's aord with the slam that's not a slam in fact just a funny thing. someone did once it also can't. be a tier two. tier one j with the slime. if the guy was saying it to. be funny yeah you yeah. no that that is an immediate disqualifier it's a pretty. much a tier three idea. yeah yeah it's pretty much. i'm going to put you in. tier for even suggesting. that that was no no but thaty was what the that. guy was tim bravo johnny. bravo's son and it's all. good yeah that is all good. hey uh this is a question. for matt deia oh boy okay. um so i know he likes stats. like baseball stats and um just want. to ask uh because a dodger. player named max i. mean it's not matt but like max. m he's pretty close. to matt he's got to. have 100 rbi and he uh he has more rbi than hits. and i and i was just curious if you know. when was the last time. that a player had over. 100 rbi in the season. while having more rbi than hits. okay that's boring but um so the question. that i actually want to. ask is like i almost ran. over a a pedestrian oh. okay the cops are after. me i was inches. away and like i didn't even feel bad. and i think they changed the law. in america where in california. where it's where fell asleep. j walkers have more rights. to where it's actually. illegal to run him over well so like is it bad. is it am i a bad. person because i don't feel bad almost killed. a j walker what did. he what okay said he almost hit him. the last person to. have more rbi that hits. in a season before max. muny was max muny. so there's that he did it. yeah what wow such an he did. it he did just so dumb. you know he did it. twice yeah cuz his whole. thing is his average is always super. low but he gets a lot. of walks and hits a lot of home. runs and when you hit a lot. of home runs you got a lot. of riby stakes right don't say. riby stakes runs bed in riby. steak that's really dumb dude. riby ribbies dude riby staks um so this guy almost hit a pedestrian. and he's wondering he didn't feel. bad about it well that. is what we call normal. yeah so um if i for instance mhm. took a step mhm and wasn't paying attention. and stepped on my dog. and my dog yelped i would feel bad did yel. rw and i would feel bad if i took a step and i didn't step. on my dog and my dog. was completely fine because i didn't step. on it i wouldn't feel bad. because i didn't do anything. it also kind of depends though. on the other person's reaction if you almost hit. them and they're like holy [ __ ] i might feel bad. right which is why you should never look. at people if you almost hurt. them because then the look they give you will last. with you forever like that. one time you pretended while someone was checking their mail you pretended to. swerve and like you remember. this oh my god i was in i was i might have not even. been in high school. yet i think it was in middle. school you were driving that black uh yukon or whatever. the [ __ ] you uh yeah and you would do this thing where some you would it's hard to. explain you wouldn't pretend you were going. to hit them yeah but you would like jerk. the wheel at them. knowing you were just going. to jerk it right. back actually jerk the wheel yeah yeah you would like you would like ste toward them the car. would do it right. you would steer at them. but knowing you were just going. to do it right. away not going to kill. him yeah but they don't know that. cuz all they do is see. a car barreling at them. and this guy was checking his mail and i'll never forget. he was so scared. and like you he looked up. while he had his mail. in his hand and and and you obviously like swerved. back onto the road but he didn't know. you were going to. do that and so he like like his body. was like ahead of his legs. and he tried to. run back toward this his house and he slipped. you don't remember this. i did not yes you did. you used to. do that like what you used. to do that bro. i i hate [ __ ] like that. that's so awful are you. sure it was me. i i don't know who i don't know who else. it could have been it. definitely wasn't mom or dad. and the only person that was ever driving. me around was you besides that i can't believe i did. that dude i have i have no. memory of that it was on uh vero road. it was literally right. on that road like before. it curls up back into. uh foothill [ __ ] bro and so now what was what did. so you looked at the guy. i looked at the guy. and he was so just abject terror dude. just absolutely he thought he was going. to die fully thought. he was going to. die the male went in the air. his legs went out from under him. he fell i mean the way. you probably forget is because you blocked. it out of your memory. cuz you felt so [ __ ] bad how would i have forgotten. that i'm telling you why. because your brain was like we can't allow. him to remember this. is too much but that was something. i would do yeah and actually i think you stopped doing. it because of that all right. well at least i didn't do it. after that no i don't know. cu i wasn't always in a car. with you but yeah i just do it. alone yeah [ __ ] guy got him got him terri. [ __ ] his mail he should be that is so thing teen. you i know i know but that sucks. i don't believe i did. that okay it was dad. it was mom like this. yeah i [ __ ] got him n dude it was you but it's all good all right. all right well repentant you stopped so yeah. no way i feel so bad. if i did that i i feel so terrible. i felt terrible he was like i think he was like of some kind of maybe he was armenian. middle eastern some oh so he deserved it. wow i felt i actually felt even worse. because you don't want yeah. you don't want him to. think you're doing it because of that. but i do equal opportunity. i almost i i scare the [ __ ] out of equal. opportunity people i don't give a [ __ ] what color race. or creed you are i'm the equalizer. when it comes to. that okay well that's makes you shitty. all around the board i got a few. white guys o let's get this. brown guy yeah like that yeah that makes you terrible. to everyone okay cool next. all right next one a horror. movie camp campsite su man sup. chris whoa just sending in my jordan with the slam. situation from my past used. to play online games. with this guy and after every sentence. almost this dude would say n just kidding. he didn't say n just kidding. he said nashin every time that. constantly oh that that's 100% jordan with that. is oh brian k. is my favorite comedian nashin. yeah nothing worse than that. absolutely don't do that. nashin nin but nashin is great. think every three mons that's such a good. for the past 15. years that's such a good. jordan with the that we would adopt. that yeah nashin nashin died. uh anyway hey the video's. over you know dad on the pod. at some point let him. give his advices i'm sure it's great. he's got a lot. but that's just for us. you're done i yeah done. the video was over for so long. hey heyy the video's not over. nashin um that's a great jordan with the sl. he did it we finally. have done it we've achieved there. you go a full tier one. top tier jordan with a slam. yeah nashin and it's not a nashin. it's it's definitely not nashin. you're not just kidding that. it's jordan sun like all right. cool yeah just a tier. one four alarm jordan with slim. okay what to. wow i mean just just straight terets just only t didn't say. a single word bro. this is why i like this. podcast is we have our own. way of talking you guys are our friends. i don't give a [ __ ] about these dumbass podcasts man we lounge out we have a good time. and we lifeline dude. yeah we lifeline and dude. that is a top tier. for alarm four star yeah. it is absolutely great. dude 100% top tier dude. that's great crying dog when you do. that y all right next. one hey ch. m freddy mercury uh. i think i might have a jordan with the slam. moment freddy s um for you guys back. in high school i had this. friend that would always say i guess. in replace of the phrase. eff it instead of saying ah eff it. um he would say ah f. get thailand f get thailand. kind of in that cadence. tha ah fuget tha thailand. and one i was assumed he got it. from movie or a show. because he was always that. kind of guy to. to take phrases from from. from shows or or or anything. like that and to. the way he said it. i guess me being stupid. i always assumed it was. one word and i think i asked him. about it and he was just like ah it's just something. i said it's [ __ ] it thailand. yeah and it was always funny. to me way he said it. the cadence in which he said who get thailand. it didn't take me. until recently i would say well not recently. probably like 7 years. ago yeah um recently. enough i guess that i was dating this. girl and we wanted to. go on vacation and she was like uh oh how about thailand. thailand and i was like oh that's cool. how about fuk i think. that's how you say it. properly fuk yeah and i'm looking at the the flight and fuk at thailand. wow i can't believe this. oh fuk thailand wow. and it kind of clicked in my head. and it brought me back. to those times where he would always say it. in the the situations that. he would say so i kind of wanted. to ask especially you matt the movie. buff did he take that from a show. or a movie or something. or is that just something he created. no he just created. it and you know what how i know. he created it i did a bunch of dumb. [ __ ] like that too remember when i used to. say what are you go. of toning about yeah it's just like people. kids dumb little boys. get [ __ ] in their head and they just they think one thing sounds like another and then they start saying it and then they never stop saying it ever. i bet that guy still says fug. get thailand that's so i would have loved to. seen his reaction when he saw the thing. wow that's really funny that guy. honestly is the wrong hue. he looks like a more he would be a white. guy he's the you know. have you ever seen um what's that. uh white lotus he's the gay. guy in white lotus. but brown oh oh season. one yeah yeah i know. you're talking about that guy. though has such a good way. about him oh yeah the way. he was talking and like the body language. that guy is my friend okay. well that guy is a is is it. a jordan with the slam though. not really cuz he didn't do. it doesn't do with his friends. it was just all internal no no. no that's just that's not. even a tier it's also the guy. was trying to be funny. so it's not really a top. ti uh but i feel a kinship. with the guy okay cool. so that's good that he called. in yep there you go. all right what else we got hey guys. vinnie here from cincinnati. i think i have a good. jordan with a slam moment. for you guys so my best. friend and i work out a lot. together and we were working out with my other friend and my one friend wanted to. comment on how wide. my other friend's back was. which is kind of weird. to begin with but chris you get it. you're a wide guy. looks like filmed the lord. of the rings on your back. we all know that but for some reason. he couldn't think of the word. wide it just wasn't coming. to him it wasn't clicking. so he went up to. my friend and said hey man. you're really long this. way and he did this. with his hands and those words. came out of his mouth. and that blew our minds. and we died laughing. and long this way. has stayed with us since then anytime we see something. that's like big or wide. we'll be like that thing's. really long this way that's good so hopefully. that's a good jordan with slam. for you guys feel free. to incorporate into your lives. and um stay long this. way it is except for the fact. that if the guy didn't like say it. in a funny way usually usually. it's like you get to. do the impression you know. what i'm saying yeah you know. a great jour with the slam. is what the [ __ ] you doing what what. the [ __ ] doing what the [ __ ] you doing right that's a great. j with now you have to. tell a story okay so yeah i i played soccer. for like two one or two. seasons when i was like 12. and my friend morgan daki [ __ ] japanese kid i love this kid right and we were on the same. team he was the goalie and i was the whatever. the [ __ ] guy is right. after the goalie the defender. right somebody was uh coming up. to uh score i was bad. at soccer okay and i also am. a cut up i didn't give a [ __ ] so everyone wanted to. win except me i didn't i honestly. did not give a [ __ ] uh worst defense. and so um the ball was. in the air and i had learned. that you could do bicycle. kicks i didn't learn how to. do a bicycle kick by learn. that you could do bicycle. kicks that they existed. yeah so the ball went. in the air and i thought quickly my ch. my chance to. do a bicycle kick i went up went upside down kicked. the ball uh with my shin. but morgan was going for it. and he was gonna get it. and instead of him getting it. i kicked it and morgan. seeing the disastrous effect. which was going to. be probably or at least. 50/50 shot scoring on ourselves. in own goal yeah in our own. goal morgan as he was jumping i remember it [ __ ] clear's day with his gloves his goalie gloves he was saying no no no chris what the [ __ ] you doing what the [ __ ] you doing no chris what the [ __ ] you doing what the [ __ ] you doing and dude and i did the [ __ ] and we actually scor it scored on our goal and we lost we we the other team got a point so the only goal you ever scored was against yourself but also i was a defender so it's not like i was going to. score for us but yeah so what the oh what the oh what the [ __ ] you doing so defensive. but so yeah well i'm a defender. so true yeah um anyway yep to. this day i'm defensive so uh so that is a true. top tier right it really is. that's right yeah so any you're welcome. for that that's a good one. too i think about that. one sometimes what the [ __ ] you doing what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] you doing the slam and swins remember that one twins twins are we have a bunch of different jordan with the slimes twins twins i haven't thought about that one in a [ __ ] while i have thought about it recently wow okay i mean prob we ago competing with me. so i'm up on the dns. sn one all right let's go. next one hi chris matt i'm calling from montreal. canada chris i was not able to. come see you when you were here. but hopefully next time you come i'll be. able to make it um so my situation. that i need advice on is about this. guy that i just started. dating he's wonderful like i have like there's no even red flag. so far he's he's great the only thing that he does. that really gives me. the ick is he does. like that l cool. j lip bite where he licks. his lips and like bites his. lip and i think he thinks it's so. sexy but i find it. so so cringy and like it it really like it. really gives me the ick how do i go. about dealing with that. because he does all. the time and i don't know. how to tell someone. hey like when you do that. yeah that's so funny that this. guy's such a has no idea. she's laughing at him appreciate any advice. you guys sex thanks. so much bye dude. that's what a great. submission let me tell you something too. that's that's might be like the best. yeah submission we've ever gotten which makes up. for all the [ __ ] jordan with the sl. videos we had to answer. about so listen uh it's so bad. that that guy does that. anybody who's not l cool. j here's is it even. cool when l cool. j does it though no. no but at least he is kind of came. up doing it if you're doing. it it's intrinsic to. who you're sexy it's bad. but if you're doing it. because you think l cool. j is sexy when he does. it well i don't that's way. worse but that's not what she's suggesting. no but i know but you're obviously. as a dude if you're a good dude. that's like yeah you're doing. it because you seen other dudes. do it you're gay. i mean that's what you do. you you see another d doing that. you're like oh that works. for him i got to. start doing that you think i don't know. though i i mean may it's certainly possible. but i don't know if it's necessarily true. okay so say there's different levels. of how how horrible it. is if the guy's white saw his lips. off you're saying it's worse. if he's white way worse. okay it's so bad to. do that brings me back. i think i agree but why. is that true because any time. a guy thinks he's being sexy. or is trying to. be sexy yeah mr. you're you are now labeled. mr keeps it dry because there are dude. her [ __ ] is going to. to be drier than you. are pretending your lips. are okay don't say [ __ ] in seriousness. in a conversation no cuz i don't want to. say p ussy cuz we'll get demonetized okay. you could also say hatchet. wound oh the pink stuff no. okay whatever fried butterfly just say. vagina vagina i'm not a doctor but vagina. your vaginal cavity is now. drier than your pretending your lips. are f hatchet wound. you know what i mean. so grotesque you're sideways burger. all right whatever you want. to no well nobody wants to. call it that whatever. you want to. call did want do that. uh but wait i'm ask. i wasn't asking about that. i was asking about why. is it wor why is it. worse if it's a white. guy oh i said i think i agree. but i don't know why. why is that because it's something. that like people of color. like men of color. do they just like it's like yo. well i mean okay so when coj does it. is it sexy no but it's sexier. than when her [ __ ] dumbass boyfriend is doing it yeah oh my god dude i mean i mean maybe it is sexy when alia does it though people that well some women do dumbo people that don't actually have a brain and are like oh he's doing that because he thinks it's sexy they don't know that you might get it i have a question actually why the [ __ ] would anyone think that that is sexy it's just [ __ ] kind of gross. it's reminding you that the mouth is there. and that's used for kissing but that who needs. a reminder of that. that'd be like if al. was just honking his dick. the whole time yo what up. ma just broken it yeah i mean. that would be at least. more direct but like what is what the [ __ ] this is so i mean i know men do this and it's not like a new thing it's not news to. me but that is i'm thinking about it. in a certain way now and it's so weird. it has to. be because of the eating the the vaginal cavity. eating oh boy okay it. has to be because it reminds. you of what what that mouth. do you know what i mean. now that's sexy how you do it. um but that's why my i i started. to do something that never caught someone's. mouth is dry like bird. yeah um dude that is the that. oh oh i feel cringe and i'm not. even looking at you this. was a phone call that she wrot. i that you called in for i just hear her. i'm c bro it's so funny. she's laughing while do while telling us. she has to. laugh otherwise she'd cry. too much she's laughing. at the dude and the dude. thinks he's being sexy and she's laughing. at it that's the worst. thing as a man. yeah generally i mean i know. what you mean but it's better. than some other things though. no no but generally men. are afraid to. be laughed at yes. that's true yeah that especially a guy who does. that yeah a guy who does that. is not looking to. he's not like us like we laugh. at each other all the time. that guy probably takes himself. so any dude that they take so seriously she. says he's a great [ __ ] guy though except he does that so here's my advice. actually if he's such a great guy. mhm tell him like if he's so. great i mean i'm not like challenging you on that. i'm saying if he if he really is i bet. you can't if he really. is then i'm sure he'll be like look at a certain age. i don't know how old you are. maybe you're in your early. 20s and it's not really. applicable but she sounds 30. something yeah she does yeah. so if he's like you in his 30s. like we're big boys. at this age if you don't like a thing. that i do that i do. either without consciously. realizing it or even worse. i think specifically it's to. turn doing i'm doing it. to turn you on and that's not working. i want to. know so i cannot do it. he he yeah he wants to. know yeah but you have to. let him know a guy there. is no man in history that. has the uh self reflect that has the how do i say this. any guy that does the licking lips. thing in all seriousness. doesn't have the capacity. to own yes i do that. because i'm trying to. be sexy okay well then they do not then might i suggest. something slightly different okay. what you should do is say. something like and that's the truest [ __ ] i ever said something like hey i noticed you lick your lips a lot. i'm curious if it's because you like are your lips. dry draw attention to. it but don't like say how much you think it's disgusting. i think you should i think you should draw. attention to it and be like oh it's interesting. no i've just noticed it and make make it clear. that you're not noticing it as something. that you think is either. sexy or not sexy that you're noticing. it as like a bodily function. so then he'll realize oh if he is doing it. to be sexy he'll realize oh that's not working okay. if you want to. be indirect about it that's the way. to do it no i suggest. being direct but if you can't i understand. if you can't do that it's your situation. not mine it's in front of you. you know the guy better. than i do i would say every time. he does say oh that's not sexy. or there's that version oh that's not sexy. dude that is that i can't i actually it's tough to. think of something worse honestly. think of some worse things. genocide yeah but we're talking about in the realm. of this is like i i i i i i just feel for you. and uh wait i'm now. for some reason i'm like bl does he lick his lips. oh god it's gross. it is gross. it's not even that it's not. sexy it's specifically kind of gross. hey why do you do that. why do you lick your lips. you do it all the time. yeah yeah yeah just say that. yeah yeah why why do you do that. you dry dry lips. it's weird cuz when you do that. my hatchet w gets dry so maybe we can get some dual chapstick. stuff going on maybe just work your [ __ ] on my sideways. burger dude sideways burger why don't you work. your [ __ ] on your myz burger. and we're both we're both better. for it right let's see. that look cool jay oh look look. at the no the top. oh dude unbelievable dude wait hold. on no no no don't click. anything un [ __ ] believable he clicked that one there is an there is an ella cool. j lick count with a counter. in the bottom left and he doesn't c. that one he clicked a different. one but this is a compilation. i want the [ __ ] counter one. dude yeah he wants the counter. one world knows now abc now. like get out of my house. man l was always licking his lips. my house doing it so bad. me l okay kic that guy's ass. so hard if you saw him do that here we go. i mean not news. what the [ __ ] is this program. oh thank you willis that's the thing. came uping the skinny a few. months ago i was making fun of ll. always is licking his. lips no matter what he's doing singing. hosting whatever and he did. the same thing again. at the grammys when he was hosted on. sunday night so thanks. many thanks the good folks. over jimmy kimmel show. because they actually had this funny. setup last night what happened. more ling hosting the grammys or using. the word amazing during the bachelor. so take a look at this. let's do it that song. music's biggest night and i show. had to change wow. e okay he's doing it. cuz he has a dry mouth. period he's not doing it. to be sexy no he's doing it. to be to be [music]. sexy that he did that. to be sexy come on okay uh go to. the go to the uh lip. dude do you know how many times jimmy. kimel's made me laugh no absolute. zero wow really yeah okay. well man i mean when you look how long he's been doing it. he's doing it to. be sexy dude how could you not yeah. cool i'd like to. some cases i think. you're really just seem [music]. to you know how about this one. how about this one. how about this one. how about this one. when you did that the video. the hat the i me the last one. someone was getting [ __ ] destroyed you. know [ __ ] hell was that. someone was getting their [ __ ] throats lit. all right well he licks his lips. too much it sure looks like a tick when you look at it. that much and if it is then i feel bad. i don't think he's doing it. to be sexy man. i don't think i don't think he's doing it. consciously you know what it is. he started when he was younger. doing it cuz he thought was sexy. and he did it so much. cuz he thought it was worth. working and now he can't live without it. and it's honestly he made his bed. and now he's got [ __ ] now he's got to. keep doing it cuz now it's a tick. he's developed a tick such a ridiculous. like yarn that you just completely. made up no it's not true. if i was a therapist that's what i would tell him. well there's a reason you're not a therapist it's because you're not qualified. to be one and so what you would tell him. is an unqualified bad wrong. opinion how's that feel when i said that. i'm a therapist how's that. feel it honestly yeah doesn't make me feel. any sort of way at oh he's uh he's got a tick and your boyfriend. it i mean you're judging it. as something he's doing that. he thinks is sexy. i'm i defer to. you break just break up with them. that's a problem and you need to. end that as soon as possible. just break up with them. make him selfconscious about it. if you can't bring it up. directly but you got to. you got to do. something about it cuz otherwise it'll eat you. alive and it'll make your relationship. bad and then you'll end up breaking. up with him for some other madeup [ __ ] reason or start to. do something that he doesn't like no. fart a lot around you're going. to make it worse. that way that's not a solution. he's like why you been farting. a lot damn why. you been f lot why. why you look at up. lot let's p stop right. like you're trying to. pull out mm yeah okay. yeah that's a bad idea too though. um all right well look sunday. it's sunday and uh go sign. up for lifeline luxury. uh um patreon dot com lifeline. luxury trenton is on sale now new jersey. i'm coming home i'm coming. home i'm coming home you know. i'm coming up chris chris. dot com and a bunch of different. ones baltimore uh philadelphia. cleveland covina i'll be there. um and uh pittsburgh. and detroit uh detroit christ. dot com and then um the uh oh do it. stop with the jordan with the slams you get what. it is now enough is enough. uh we're not going to. do them anymore watch. lifeline dot com send us a submission. or the hotline uh. go ahead you want a oneonone session. with me i've been saving. lives these last few months. with these private sessions i don't know. every tuesday and thursday saving. lives saving lives saving lives mata. dot com book your session. with me totally private with just me. oneonone hello hello it's good. oh yeah and then get the merch. get the merch or you hate. us lifeline merch dot com. jordan what a sal hello. hello hello hello hello hello hello 