 [music] runk torrance california. i'll be in torrance. november 3rd and then toronto. sou falls and also uh bismar. yeah that's where i'll be crystal. lea dot com go get your tickets. i'll be in brea. too uh and that'll be that. so let's do the newest. episode of congratulations sw i [music]. congratulations yep i stretched it i stretched it my leg. um i got to. i i do stretch a bunch i got to. stretch a little more you know you get into. that ripe age of 44. uh 44 was officially the age. where i feel i feel older. it really it really did. happen and i don't know. if it's because of the frozen. shoulder i had or what i'm all good now. i don't you know. m i don't need to. um i don't have it really that. bad anymore but um yeah i don't know what it. is but that's that's uh that's crazy. and and i read on. a national geographic that. when you're 44 your body goes through. a crazy change getting. older and also when you're 60. and that's weird that it happens. two times uh so close together but i guess that would make sense. though right really cuz i would say after the early. 40s is when you start looking like older. than a regular man you start. looking like an older. man right and i think that that's a little bit premature. right like 50 is 50 early 50s is maybe that but early 40s could definitely could certainly be. that um and then and then after 60. you're just like an old man. right like like brian k's got three. three years left he's 58. or 57 i mean he's going. to be 60 dude. that's crazy actually wow wow um so here. we are like like and subscribe. that would that's great uh this. is the new the new podcast. congratulations that just came out uh and uh we're having a good. time you know we got a bright. future do you know what i mean. we have a bri future. um i woke up today woke. up this morning and took my kids. to school um but i um i didn't actually i didn't woke. up this morning and took my kids. my kids took my kids. to school said in the way. of the opening credits to. what do you call. it sopranos um and uh but i was going. to take my kid. i was going to. take calvin to. school billy doesn't have school. yet but i was going. to take c the school. and i didn't because kristen did. because she had to. go to do something there. at the school anyway and we woke up. and i had just gotten in like like like last night. uh from alabama was there. for too long got home. was tired fell asleep 10:30 both of us. woke up woke up this morning. i thought i'd take my kid. to school but didn't then kristen did. because she uh had to. be there anyway and so i um so i stay so i stayed in bed. and then she said can i have some help. getting them ready and i said what. the heck when i do it. i do it all alone. and she said no i help. you sometimes and i say yeah. but that was your choice. let me stay in bed. and she didn't and i got up. and i helped and i i woke. up anyway might as well take him. to school uh in relationships what. do you do do you say hey i want to. go to egypt this. year on our on our either. family trip or romantic getaway and then your significant. others says well you know what i was really hoping to. go to japan now you both. look at each other in this. hypothetical situation you think. why the [ __ ] are our dream. places egypt and japan. but that's beside the point. could be anything sweden and aruba but let's let's stick. with the first one japan. and uh egypt now. what do you do. a lot of couples would do this. oh well okay i don't really want to. go to egypt and you don't. really want to. go to japan so why don't we find a place. that we both want to. go to now what does. that mean hm you're compromising. or whoopsy daisy does it. mean you're both not getting. what you want so you say okay. you know what this year. i'll go to japan. for you but next year. walk like an egyptian racist. um dud this walk you know. so uncomfortable to do it. like that um so then you you you basically. are like oh okay so what we're doing. then instead of compromising are. giving each other a gift. each year i'm giving you a gift. this year you're giving me a gift. next year uh you know and so i'm like great. she's taking him to. because she has to. go to school. she's given me the gift. of sleeping in but no uhuh. we had to compromise. and both get up hey what the heck. so we did that and i was like well. i didn't you know i just go. to sleep then all of a sudden she leaves. takes this takes calvin. and then just the dogs. for so long i go. downstairs there's a guy down there. just a guy in my house. hey what whenever you move. and you get a house. and you have a wife then all of a sudden. that means more guys are going. to be in your house. in the first month or two of getting. the house because because [ __ ] needs to. get done so that just means that. sometimes you're going to. come home and there's going to. be sometimes a guy there. sometimes guys there sometimes it's going to. be super loud sometimes it's going to. be quiet sometimes a guy's just going. to be walking around. looking at like air vents and stuff. like this with an orange. shirt on and you don't even. you and by the way you don't even say. you barely register it. you go i don't know i don't know who this. i don't know who this. is i don't even there's i guess. there's a guy in my house. if you asked me later. what he looked like or to. draw a picture of him. i would draw a regular just face. and eyes i have no idea. right so i wake up. though and i'm and i by the way. i i i don't have a robe. okay i do but it's at this. house i don't have a robe. in my new house okay. i wake up i hear my dogs. go and i the dogs. are going nuts so i having the foresight of knowing that there. are guys in my house. sometimes because i'm early. on in the move i see. i i get i get my wife's robe. just in case now these are. the robes she has uh pink. dark pink uh i would say like [ __ ] gray. is that a color you know. what i mean like not gray. like a guy would wear but [ __ ] gray. that's a color and it's waffled and it's too small. and by the way my wife. has zero of the belts. of on her on her robes. just straight up a hot. pink one a burgundy one. right not even um yeah yeah. burgundy like a deep. like almost violet i would say so here. the here the here are the colors so violet. uh carnation pink pink and [ __ ] gray. zero belt say so i grab a robe. just in case there's not going. to my dogs are just barking. for no reason cuz my dogs. are you know they're all incels. right but uh so now i'm i'm let me just you know. what let me just throw something. on in case because i know. i moved early i i moved and it's still early. on in case there's some guy. downstairs so i grab the carnation. pink robe with no belt. and put it on now. what do we realize when we put on a woman's robe. dude we're [ __ ] jacked i put on the woman's robe. and i was [ __ ] awesome now it was gay. looking but if you saw me. in it and if you knew i wasn't gay. and you knew i just had to. be happening to. wear that because it was around. and i just don't give a [ __ ] that much. extra sexy because super puffed. out in it and then all so wearing it just cuz i'm so secure. with my manhood probably won't see anybody else in my own. house so i'm just going. to put it on no. belt open i walk downstairs. a guy in an orange. shirt electrician that's what i hear. that's it that's by the way. how a mexican guy who is an electrician. announces he's in your house. if he's going to. be looking at the plugs. and fixing stuff with wires. electrici no other words and i now. now i immediately am not. so sexy because i have to. fold up the thing because of my penis. dude ah so i have to. cross it up and now i'm like this. and now i look like a [ __ ] now i definitely look like a gay man okay covered up in a carnation. ping and i'm talking to. an a mexican electrician the least. gay guy ever electrician and i go. oh hey covered up. and in my head i'm like at least i'm not wearing the [ __ ] gray. robe electrician i say oh. hey yeah hey he says hey i have to. look at the outlets oh. okay and then he says um i can't i can't call i can't. call my boss and i was like huh. i'm in the carnation rub he can't. call i say huh. and so i say what do. you mean he says i can call i can't. call holding the phone up. like that and i say oh and he gives me. his phone so now apparently wherever he from the the the the people. who work at tmobile are. wearing [ __ ] gay robes. with the belts gone at the apple. store they wear carnation pink. waffled with zero belt just leg. hanging out right you know what i mean. by leg so now um i okay he gives you a phone i grab the phone and i'm like oh good well i think maybe he needs wifi. right because i if you're cool. you live in a place. that has no service right. like let's just face facts. and i'm that cool so i uh so i grab his phone. and i go oh good it's an iphone. as easy and i look at it. and it's just straight not an iphone. but it's the shape of an iphone. hey dude what's up with this. trick i've never i've never heard of it. i've never known about it. certainly never seen it he. just gives me an iphone. when i grab it it becomes not an iphone. it's just a different kind of phone. it that is not made by apple. and who knows who like like you know. what i mean i think honestly it. was a [ __ ] um who's that guy soldier soja boy. soldja boy phone like he you know. how he makes video games. i think he may he probably has a a mo. a mobile device it was a soja boy soldja boy plus is what it was [laughter] and and uh super soldja boy plus is what it. was so he hands me. a super soldja boy plus and i and i look at it. and i go oh and i can't find settings okay. now i this guy can't he can't speak english. i can't speak spanish so. i'm like okay got to. type in settings i type in settings. zero comes up know why. because settings is in settings in spanish. so i'm like what the [ __ ] do i do i'm i'm i i wanted to. just hand him the phone. look at him and say we're [ __ ] and then he just goes electrician. and then gets in his car. and leaves so i'm like what do i do. but lucky for me dude. i have cool eyes. and i look around. the cell phone apps okay and in my head. first of all the dude. just hands me his phone. like i'm his dad like could you imagine handing. someone your phone that you don't know. up with that the guy. handed me his phone like i knew him. for 20 years and and didn't tell me what. to do and i go go. to settings i go i i look. at the settings thing this. is like a looks like a something. that would be settings it. is settings open it up. everything's in spanish and i go you know. it was like al and you can like switch. them all and i'm like what. the l wifi i'm like i think that's it. but that's already on elando you aquo and i'm just like and i click one. and it and it and it legitimately. then i i see my router and i'm like oh dude. got it clicked it. connected connect audio whatever it. said and i gave it to. him and he says thank you. and he went off to. work and i never saw that. guy again i never saw him. again dude and i i don't i i have no. idea if we have more electricity now. or what but i i never saw like guy again. as a matter of fact. my wife came home and she was like where's. the electrician i was like. i don't i i don't know i didn't even know. he was coming he showed up. he gave me his phone. i put his thing on it. and i have i have no idea i don't know. where he is and then and then you know. what we would do. we' be like we would be like she would be like this. we'd be walking around we be like where is. he because dude they're in the walls. sometimes you know he was in the ceiling once you know. trying to connect a chandelier. and [ __ ] dude electricians huh so um i do hear a buzz again. do you it's okay. all right so um so now uh we got more electricity and so we did it. yay thank you great. i don't know what uh i don't know. what to i don't know. it's just it's it's it never you. know what dude when people say. this is so true. it never ends it. just never ends it. keeps on going and you got to. keep going i guess sometimes. it's just like maybe i should just live on. the streets just go out. straight up and just start waiting. to see what happens. you know know just just cuz i was reading. an article the other day. about um about uh homeless people in san francisco and like they were like yo i being a homeless uh used to. [ __ ] rock i used to. be homeless uh in the 80s. and it was so fun. it seems like it sucks. nowadays and i'm like even even homeless people are. are are are hearkening about the good. old days and i'm just like oh god um i went to. get a coffee today after i i was i was i was up. early now you know because the electrician electrician i think. all he said to. me was electrician how crazy. is that and i said so much. you know i was like oh you need the wifi. right here look let me. see uh we get into. the settings and then um you're looking for we got all the outlets. are over here and then there's a lot. of stuff over here i think my wife. printed out a paper and um if you want i i i want i think she wants you to. look at see if there's a chandelier and i know. you're going to be in the walls soon. so and all the dude. said was electrician i i mean. just [ __ ] handled the [ __ ] out of me. you know just [ __ ] absolutely handled me. h in my pink robe. so i got a coffee. and no actually that it wasn't it. wasn't today it was it was yesterday. a guy i get off the plane. i was in alabama. first of all i got stories in alabama. but i i i was in alabama. got got home landed got to. there i i love when this happens. dude i land get out. the gate and there is a a coffee. bean and tea leaf. there dude of just just ready. for [music] me so why is it. scratchy like that you hear. it that's pissed me off so it's okay. let's hear how this sounds well. that's creepy tell me more. about that okay that. sound okay so um i there's a coffee. bean i go there i get the first of all i go to. the coffee bean this. guy comes up after after me and he says crystalia. and i'm like yep he said great. show in kentucky i'm in lax. so i'm like whoa you a the kentucky. show and he said yeah. and he said sorry. about the crowd and i'm like and i was like what. and then i tried to. think of when it was the [ __ ] show in kentucky. [ __ ] was awesome. so now i'm like what does. this guy think a good crowd is. ca i ripped it dude. and i was thinking about how that show. in particular was good and this. guy's like sorry about the crowd. so i'm like were they particularly. more ugly than usual. i don't know what he was. apologizing for so now i'm in my head. now i'm insecure and i say oh. he says yeah i know i just got here. and i landed and i saw you were here. and i was like oh that's chris. le coffee bean and tea. lea so i was like i'm g. to go say hi. i was like oh cool. thanks well hey man. good in my head so now. i get the thing they there's a lady. in front of me. um and uh she orders and then i order. and then she's waiting and then i'm waiting because you know. you you you wait your turn you wait. for the coffee to. get there right and she's getting her coffee. and the people that talk to. you know denny's like this. all right and i got i love him. all right there's a guy that opens for me. on the road he was getting. uh the guy he'll be like hey we're at starbucks. this is starbucks we were in alabama. he was like can i get those egg. bites and can you triple. toast them and i'm like oh all right. uh are they good and he was like hell. yeah and i was like really he was like yep. i was like all right. let me get that some egg bites. he was like all right. double toast his and i was like you're not going. to triple toast mine and he was. like i like him triple. toasted but who knows i'll get you double. toasted so i was like all right. so i got the double. toasted so now like the lady's like triple. toasted and i'm like oh it's is gonna start. a whole [ __ ] thing yeah i like it you know i like and then denny loves that kind of [ __ ] he feeds off his he's like yeah i like to. get him like that cuz then it's like this. and like the otherwise they too soggy. you know what i mean. they're too soggy and then the lady's like okay. well hey and he was like just you know. what i mean just talking so much. and i'm just like i i it's taking so long. to get the coffee. part which is why we're here. so now he they get they del they we sit down. they bring the quadruple toasted eggs. or whatever the [ __ ] right the lady. comes by and she was like is. it are these too toasted now. and he was like yeah i think those might be too toasted she was like i knew it. like you mind redoing them. and she was like yeah okay. she went and go redo. i mean i'm eating my thing. yeah they're pretty good and he was like i'm like bro. do you know how [ __ ] annoying you you're an annoying guy i say to. him not to. me because i'm i'm drinking. mines dude i'm already drinking. mines i'm already eating mines. you i understand you want the way. you want it and understand. that the the the the meal should be the way. the guy who buys the meal. should should should want it okay i get it. customer is i would say 90% right. and yeah okay i get it. but dude for the barista. i would lose my m hey oh dude. and then and i say i get a guy who first of all as to. triple toast it i go. like this no you get it. toasted how we toast it and then he he get he he gets it. he goes nah it's too. much i go i go i go nuts. okay okay so he's like nah the opposite. and i go what are you talking. about he's like i made their [ __ ] day and i was like what i'm not used to. this judo this conversational. judo like this so what. are you talking about and he says i come in you. come in we're obviously from out. of town they're dealing. with people every day they just come in they get their coffee they get their pumpkin. spice latte and they leave. and now i come in and i asked them. for a triple toasted egg bite. and i asked them. for this and i have them redo. it we're bantering we're. talking i'm giving them an experience. and i'm like man i i i get it. dude i get it. i get it and he's like they're never going. to forget that for a while. and this is what going to. think about i'm like that's [ __ ] good point. dude but if you're going to. be like that be him. do you know what i mean. be that boy be a sigma. male be charismatic as all. get out right don't be the lady. who was at the coffee. bean before me waiting for her. coffee and and g the coffee. and then wanted to. talk about the coffee. machines dude that the guy. had it and he was dude. and i you know what happened. too she was like so you guys. just every time you you put the shots out. you you do double. shots because you can't do single shots she's. already got her drink by. the way like this with the with the thing. and i'm waiting there and he's and i i'm not looking at him. i'm looking at her. like i can't believe she's monopolizing my time. after she already got the coffee. and she could just sip. away dude and she's so you guys. have to do two shots. at the same time so if somebody wants three shots. you have to. do four shots and then what do you do. with that extra shot and and and i and i'm like lord. give me the strength. and then i i'm like well i'm going. to look at the barista. because i'm going to. assume all right that he knows. not to stop what he's doing. to answer you got if you're okay. so here's the if you're the kind of guy. who is behind the counter. and somebody who already got their [ __ ] is monopolizing the time. and you are not doing it. like this yeah well you know i have to. do thing so that's the that. was what it was so in the early. times when they made it like that i right. cool you getting it done. great so i'm like should i even right. at this point i'm looking at the lady. getting all i'm all bunched. up she's got this do you have the two. shots and every time you do a two. shot you have to. do another one shot and then one shot cuz you can't. have a three shot and i go. should i even strafe to. the left should i even look over. to see the dude. because if he's not dr. octopus over here behind the counter. while talking to her. i'm gonna [ __ ] blast tam. mars so i go well i can't help. it i've got to. look and as i look dude. [ __ ] is standing there like this. looking at her and doing absolutely. nothing else with a crocodile mouth. so hey dude are you waiting. for a gazelle iced. americano please dude b doc o guy was just a [ __ ] and i go he's and he yeah it does two at once and so and i'm oh and i got mr kentucky over here that already made me feel bad so now i'm waiting and by the way i already landed i don't not have somewhere to. be which is the best part. which is the worst part i. already it's not it's not like oh like i can't. go anywhere cuz gate c hasn't taken. off yet or whatever. the [ __ ] whatever bro i'm just complaining but it doesn't matter man. you know it's like i'm 44. and i get to. the point where i've talking about. this and people think that now because i talk like this. because i'm older a little bit older. than i was when i first started. the podcast are like oh he's he complains. he's a kogin but no i'm not it's just [ __ ] i was this way. when i was 20. yes got out of that. one so anyway a't that amazing. bro i was in i was in uh alabama. and i did birmingham. then i did montgomery for. some reason and then i did mobile for some reason. and the mobile show was awesome. and the birmingham show. was awesome and the montgomery. show was it's not my market it. i it was a fine. show just it it was hard. to sell tickets there. it's probably one of the worst. markets of all time in history but um so much history happened there you know with like uh martin luther king jr. and rosa parks and [ __ ] that that's just crazy to. me that that's crazy that that's what happened. i was just walking. around my hands in my pockets. just like this is where rosa. parks got picked up from the bus. huh yeah his hus. her husband did have a car. and that that that's something that we didn't learn. uh until recently and that's kind of weird. i feel like people thought it. was a little bit racist. to bring up the fact. that like well rosa park's husband did have a car so they it's not like they what they did. was wasn't good for uh. race and racial issues. it's just i don't think they lose. i don't think that blacks. lose anything as a whole because the husband had a car. but they sure were quiet. about that after it. happened is all i'm saying okay. um i mean if rosa parks had a podcast if they had podcast back then the [ __ ] dude people would have been on twitter your husband had a car [ __ ] you know charlie kirk would have a [ __ ] so i'm in alabama i'm in uh montgomery the beautiful you know montgomery and i'm on stage and now i'm i'm 20 i'm well let's tell the story like this actually before the okay so before the show i'm i'm really tired i'm wiped because i my my my time is different my my i didn't sleep too much the night before i took the red eye and then this is now the day after that i got some sleep which is always the worst one for me because like you know you make it through the night with a bad sleep that's okay but the next day even if you get good sleep you're like oh man it was two days ago it's really [ __ ] me up so um i wake up at like 7:30 and the show's at 8 and i'm i i i don't wake up like oh i took a a nap i wake up like is it [ __ ] wednesday or saturday is it march. 3rd or or september. 27th like i was so deep in i was like i woke up in the [ __ ] place where the dude falls and get out when he gets hypnotized that's where i woke up the nothing zone or whatever the [ __ ] it's called it's forever area i don't know anyway the nowhere place you know what i mean it's called something like that anyway what the [ __ ] is it whatever yeah from get out whatever it is it doesn't matter the dark place the dark spot the sunken place dude exactly oh man the taint so um oh i'm in the taint i woke up in the taint and so uh i so i i i i wake up and i'm like oh [ __ ] i got to. go i'm dead i'm dog [ __ ] all right so i go got to. give montgomery a show i text. my my tormentor hope the the there's coffee. there and he said yeah. i got it for you and i was like hell yeah. now what my what my terminer. also sets up in my green. room is here are a few. things turkey there's usually salmon there. with some rice uh animal crackers. for some reason i never asked for it. coffee uh uh there's mustard. because sometimes my my son comes. and likes mustard and uh um uh uh fruit. and and and there's some fruit okay. now over the time my tormenter has noticed that. whenever there's a fruit plate. i eat all the pineapples. okay mostly then i go. to the mangoes or whatever. the [ __ ] then i strawberries are always last go. [ __ ] yourself okay i know you're thinking strawberries are amazing fine. that's fine but go [ __ ] yourself that's what i that's how i do it um and so he so he only got this time pineapples. sliced pineapples and i look at it. and i i go good who wants to. waste all that cantaloupe hey also bo and berries. [ __ ] you who whoever chooses boison berries and don't call something one letter off from poison berries okay these are poison berries what oh uh just uh bo and berries they're bo and berries oh all right okay that's how it was when it first happened ah these are dog shid melons what dog [ __ ] melons no no no dog [ __ ] anyway that is the worst joke. i've ever done on this. podcast but um anyway so i ate a a bunch i go i i'm drinking. coffee and i i and i house. it i drink it all. i drink it all because i don't normally. drink it all but i drink it. all because i know i'm going. to probably need it and house. it now he got pineapples. that's all he got so which means is there's more. pineapples there than usual and what i do is after i drink the coffee. i think man i don't want. pineapples but i know that if i start eating those pineapples. i'm going to love. pineapple i'm going to. love them and i'm going. to eat them. and i want to. get to that enjoyment. of the pineapples even though. i'm not there right now. why because i just had coffee. and what's the two worst. things that taste together. on the planet earth well. you know i mean you could say uh. sandpaper and shoes but besides that uh coffee. and pineapple two great. things horrible together so i i go to. eat the pineapples i eat. the pineapples i eat all. the pineapples and i drink all the coffee. and then i hear ladies. and gentleman crystalia and i go. out on stage 25. minutes in okay now that's the sound of my stomach that's the sound of my stomach that's the sound of the tummy. so it starts speaking. it start speaking in tongue. all right and i go hm. eh that'll be all right i have 35 minutes left in the show. and then immediately i go. h i can't do it. i go go i go you know. how sometimes you can go you can have to. go to the number two and then you just kind of forget. about it and then you realize 3 hours. later you're like whatever happened to. that it doesn't happen. with p it doesn't happen. with p but that happens. sometimes the poop it's going. down and it's like we got to. get out of here and then the body goes nah. and the poop's like all right. we'll go chill and watch some more. tv before we get out. you know what i mean. i i was kind of in the middle. of lost and so um that yeah. so so i so now i try i realized oh no. there's no way so i have to. stop i have to stop the show. i stop the show and i scream. for denny because i'm like you got to. come up here i know. you can hear me. over the the loudspeaker and the thing. i'm like danny you got to. come up here i gotta go. to the bathroom you got to. come up quick he comes. up does 10 minutes. while i go in and grump out. okay i go down to. the green room i grump out. come back up and i i i finished. the show and it was fine. and i was just like the whole time. thank god there's happen. in [ __ ] montgomery dude but that's how i'll always remember you montgomery. and then also i found out later. on that when i was screaming. for denny he was in the bathroom. taking a number two so we made it. happen though didn't we we made it. franking happen um man. i just got that's another thing. that happens in uh um now that i'm you know. what just happened recently. is now that i'm 44. my i used to. drive me nuts when people would be like all of a sudden i got so tired it's like dude. are you not paying attention. what do you mean. all of a sudden you got so tired the day. is the day it's happening. for so long you haven't. slept you know you know when you're going to. get tired it's about 14. to 15 hours into. the time you're awake. that's when you're just going. to be like all right. i should go to. bed and it doesn't happen. all of a sudden you got 15. hours for it that used to. piss me off and i'm 44. now and it just doesn't dude. i get tired like it's like it's like someone just [ __ ] turns off the tv i'm hanging i'm having a good. time there's a smile on my face. and then all of a sudden my eyes. are closed and the smile's still on. my face and i'm like wait. what the [ __ ] happening people are and i people just look at me i look like i'm having such a great. dream they're just and i'm like am. i i'm still smiling so i guess. i'm not sleep i g. to open my eyes. up man i got to. watch this rest of this dmer show. on netflix three minutes later. just look a big a big. idiot just with his eyes. closed like he's [ __ ] scared. at a carnival and um and so now i i uh i have to. do this thing where holy [ __ ] man. i have to actually like start. i think i'm going to. start standing up and watching tv. at night i get so tired. bro it's like somebody smacked me. in the [ __ ] head the um what do you call it. te the tesla stuff the the new. robots i don't know man. the gold cars that don't have any steering wheels. and [ __ ] and they're going to. be like 30 grand or something. they're just going to. drive you around like what's the what ju just when i got the money to. get cool cars now i got to. we got to [ __ ] hook into. this the you know electricity grid robo. taxi robo taxi robo van. and robot here we go. tesla reveals 20 cyber cabs at we robot event says you'll be able to. buy one for less than 30. grand first of all i don't. know about that we'll see. tesla has finally unveiled revealed its cyber cabin it looks like a smaller slicker twoseater cyber truck ah yeah the flashy. we robot yeah this is just like the ir. robot that's i mean that's pretty crazy. um in production by 2027. here's the thing they keep saying. how um they keep saying how like watch out. technology is is is getting. exponential it's nuts you know. in five years it's going. to be they keep saying. it hey dude when the iphone's been. out for 20 [ __ ] years already you know hey when dude it's still hard to. send an email sometimes in a certain in a certain place. in my house you know. dude when lasic is still kind of lasic you. can still go blind from. it you know you're not gonna but can they cure. cancer do they have it. under wraps can they let's go. how about short people. why are they so short. come on i still piss. out of my [ __ ] get with it bald. guys are just walking around. bald now i'm talking about i know there's hair transplants but there's guys where the follicles don't take hey it's 2024 that should be an [music] app and hue the hue i want i got to. sit in the chair tattoos huh. 2024 i should walk into. a spot like i'm i'm a character. from [ __ ] uh what's the shooting game war. zone right war zone is that. what it is sh. put the tattoos on me. app app on my phone hughes making them blue i'm making them blue today why is it not that yet. people are like oh yeah well you're going. to see the crazy changes. in 10 years they were saying that. 10 years ago. still got cans still got to. grow my own hair out i watched. like five minutes of that. movie on netflix called uglies. or whatever it was not good. but um 5 minutes of it. i watched and um there was just like a way. to look and everyone was getting. that way to look. once they turned to. be a certain age they get to. got surgery they have the way. to look and i was just like [ __ ] yeah dude i'll do it i'll do it do you really think that this is what walking phoenix is saying in the joker thing i don't think so people are saying he's saying it's horrible. [applause] he's not saying it's horrible. is he all this stuff. is people all this stuff is like also what's with the [ __ ] 11 minute. cla like that's the in con. or whever the [ __ ] they do it just for so long and you know everybody's like when does this stop that's all they're thinking that is a long um the [ __ ] come on uh what but the um the dmer show is so good man i did watch it look at these [ __ ] what's up with this shirt this jacket as a february guy i only trust someone who can see three things in me the sorrow behind oh my god this is a jacket i got to. get this jacket and i'm not even. born in february as a february guy i only trust someone who can see. three things in me number. one the sorrow behind my smile two the love. behind my anger three the reason. behind my silence dude. how funny is it. and then it's got a picture of a wolf. on it of course if you were to. guess an animal it would be the wolf. and then it's so funny. to think that this guy. just works at wells. fargo the sorrow behind my smile. why do you want somebody to. notice that and why does that. make you trust them. i'm a i'm a uh i'm i'm in march. i was born in march. am i a march. guy here's another one. what the [ __ ] oh yeah there definitely is i am. an unskilled worker i buy clothing. based on a diffused grievance toward anyone. different from what i take pride. in doing only the basic. things expected oh god what oh god. these silly shirts you know what's this one barf let's watch it. barfing the dirt bingo bingo dirt let it rip dude a pinball oh [ __ ] you know what that that's that would make me so mad at that's fantastic hold on let's see it again let it rip dude oh fat [ __ ] just broke the whole. thing oh it's cracks. out okay please me okay that's [ __ ] up that must have hurt. too dude i saw this. the tesla one where the where the beer. was it was controlled by a human. they thought this was ai. and it was just a guy. the robot waving see because okay. this is the this is what i'm talking. about this is where it should be. already it's 2024 be here already to. where robots are. looking like that doing that. [ __ ] but it's not there's a human making that. happen yeah i invested more in. tesla though because dude. they're going to take over. the world that's how we did. it get a noninvasive epigenetic hair. scan to assess nutritional deficiencies. and environmental exposures collection kit. mailed results while without leaving home. www dot v valley. colic. commission portrait or landscape. painting at thomas stou net.art so this is the last name. st tnte doart starting at $200. pick a frame of your choice shipped ready. to hang on your wall. thirsty goose portable urinal the world's most. stylish portable urinal bedsite trucking heavy. equipment stuck in traffic a gift. for dad thirsty goose. limited sal now. on go to holler. b/ chrisa. if you want to. purchase a shout out or minia ad. it's now more than 10. words all right all right uh let's look at this. here we got a guy. gets pulled over that's be that's on that's live. getting pulled over by the cops. you know why i'm stopping you no. show showing him his phone. you know why i'm stopping you no. why and and the guy just goes no. why like he's live on. the thing man everybody records everything. huh all right so this. guy gets pulled over cop. being a cop how's it. going stop sign back there. excuse me this is r. he says 20,000 watch 20,000 on. my watch right now my wife. female caucasian she's talking to. me right now the guy. was so [ __ ] drunk and scared that that he turned into. a police officer we got a female. caucasian one minute married. to a female caucasian so that. that there wasn't no. cause wasn't no probable cause see. have license i have license. so drunk expl you don't go. all the way i know you have bed. i know have gun what i'm trying. to explain you why. i stopped you what did you stop me. i have license everything. so there's a stop sign back there. you completely blew it. you didn't come to. stop at all you went right. through it my caucasian woman. is white like you oh my caucasian woman. is white like you way. right now she walk okay can i have your driver's. license the car go. okay go okay sure you're entirely. [ __ ] yeah so anyway so uh let's see light light over here what's up two my girls. 385 she work in west. country what's your bed 385. take a picture of it. so before i go in whatever. i have goad i need your license. no no i need your license. oh wow i need your no. no no i need your license. so drunk i need your badge i have. my wisconsin okay that's great. i need your i need your driver's license. what's your bge number. my badge number is 385 i need your license. what's your name o'brien. i need your license okay. i got you i have you this. is a very simple stop we don't need. to make this this a thing. this a okay i need your driver's license. no no no wait one. second one second don't thing. sir i'm giving you a lawful order. to give me your driver's. license give you my license. my wallet i'm not i'm not acting like this. it's my wallet on camera. okay i like everything oh my god on camera. cuz i know how y'all. play and i got everything. camera black guy you know. you know happened in alabama. don't do me like that. can i have your license. please sir here we go. i have you on camera. can i have your license. pleas see is recorded i want you to. see it's recorded everything. is recorded i don't want you. to move fast. there no rush everything this. a 2023 doesn't matter 4,000. miles doesn't matter sir. can i please have your li. i want to. see i want the people to. see this i'm going. live right now i haveing thank you. thank you facebook live go. live but everybody see it. i don't want to. i don't want no races. matter okay i have wow dude. h s gonna get arrested. you know hey guy don't oh man. wow that was amazing. badge 385 huh 20k. on my watch he says sir. do you know why we pulled. you over 20k on my watch. what's your badge number. the [ __ ] balls you know and also says you pull me over cuz just completely drunk. rolled through a stop sign why you pull me. over because oh because i'm black i i mean. i love it so good. and it happened in alabama. which is where i almost [ __ ] my pants. uh last week that's some unreal. that's unreal that's unreal dog. that's unreal oh yeah all right. that's it for the uh episode. today if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. uh on patreon go to. patreon dot com/crashcourse that are only on patreon. go to patreon dot com. christalia and go support. the show we love you. thank you very muching [music]. 