 you want to. do something special you want to. do something special for your loved one. check this out whether you're shopping. for yourself or someone. special adam and eve will have the perfect gifts. and with an amazing. deal get just about any item. for or almost any item. at 50 off plus free. shipping when you use this. podcast exclusive code lifeline at checkout. lifeline that's 50 off an adventurous new toy a slippery. lube or almost anything. you desire that's for our. podcast listeners okay so you welcome you get 50 off almost any item. more pleasure in the bedroom. is the gift that keeps on giving treat yourself. i've done it treat your partner. i've done it life is too short. to not enjoy yourself the good. thing too is it doesn't matter. what you choose all. will be packaged and sent discreetly for free. not only to save money. on gas movies and date. night dinners out but this is the item. that will continue to. save your money deliver tons of fun. wink and satisfaction oh wait. so go to adamandeve dot com. select any one item use code. lifeline lifeline this is an exclusive. offer specific to. this podcast yes so be sure to. support our show and use this. code lifeline to. get you not just the 50. off but also the 100. free shipping code lifeline go to. adamandeve dot com right. now i think it matters. very little for women and me too. and that's coming from a guy. who's beat out i don't think. you're living out what doesn't that mean. you go like that yeah yeah no you don't do. that what normal body like that. or like that you know. no like that that's crazy. dude you're like the top. of a why you're like this. that's just two lines. no no it's a little bit. like further out at the top. [music] hello hello hello hello [music] all right it looks like i have an unrolled condo blank m condominium on your head. um condominium on your head. so guys hey what's up. welcome to lifeline we're absolutely ripping. it um i will be in let's see. new york at the beacon. theater coming up and uh and that's very soon. providence rhode island come on let's keep it. moving dude kansas city missouri. springfield tulsa midland texas austin texas. minneapolis go to. chrysalia dot com and get your tickets. cincinnati salt lake uh why do you say springfield. did not say the state. because it's springfield in every [ __ ] state illinois because i want more people to. go to my website a different place. where i will be no not. the actual reason yeah it's the place. in the simpsons too right. awful um get your tickets. for crystal on tour christalia. dot com you got a question. for us click on the link. in the description below or just go. to watch lifeline dot com you want a oneonone session. with your [ __ ] boy don't swear prince. daddyo your bleeping boy. prince daddy off baby baby mattelia dot com. oneonone session we go. back and forth i help. people you help me. help you sketch your session. now and then obviously there. is of course all of the great. lifeline merch at lifeline merch. dot com baby baby taking too. long taking your sweet time. with it doing the baby. baby thing you know what i realized i do. and i don't know why. i do it and i've been trying. to figure out why i do this. when i go to. sleep at some point while. i'm asleep i go like this. i do i do this. with my hands and you don't know you're doing it. i have no idea that i'm doing. it and i wake up. like this come on no. cousin it it totally yeah no you don't all right what do you mean. no i don't i know for fact. you don't i watch you sleep. you don't do you do that. yes i do that why would i why. would i make i'm i'm not i mean. this there's just some disbelief. it's like wheel yeah but also you make up. everything all the time. no i don't i can fly wait. let me tell you something. your hair looks really healthy. did you wash it. recently oh i did i hate washing my hair. dude but it looks better. it does it looks healthier. but i hate it. why because i like it. but it feels better. when it's dirty and oily. and [ __ ] disgusting disgusting. okay it's not disgusting. dude i wash mine today everyone everyone. agrees with me everyone knows. it's good trump everyone that. acts like it's better. to have clean hair has been brainwashed. by the media the shampoo companies okay that tell you you need shampoo oh you need to. get rid of your dandruff. oh really dandruff is. totally natural i don't have. it anyway but even if i if i did it. would be natural but the problem. is you've been told dandruff. is bad and unhealthy. and then you have to. buy shampoo okay and then you're a sucker. okay i only wash my hair every once in a while worst. infomercial and it feels. great it feels terrific. what does he selling. life is terrific i'm selling. not buying or that yeah gonna have gonna be in the black so hard. with your company i'm selling. not buying okay i don't understand. really but it's okay but anyway my point. is your hair looks great. my hair i washed it today it. looks great admit it. your hair looks good i think but i said great. no and my [ __ ] looks really good it's got bodies. you said a bad word. why are you telling me. not to say bad. words for the first five minutes. okay he'll bleep it out. and i did it and it was my mistake. and i owned my mistakes. and you didn't you said. no i said shiz okay. but instead of you know. so what i'm saying is it's better. for youtube if we don't swear. the first five minutes so they say. because they're obviously shadow banning us. but i'll tell you what dude. super good we're on the super. good channel and like and subscribe. they unsubscribe people from our channel. yeah it's a cons it's so crazy. people say it's a conspiracy. until you actually realize it happens so um i'm basically alexjones and i can't say it because they'll shadows. i don't even know what you said. sitting well you i know i don't want to. because i don't want to. risk it okay well then i can't respond. okay um so listen. um what's up man. how are you doing how's. your week been um it's been all. right so boring um dog drinks. too much water boring. i mean how could you be so boring. starting out the spot it's a sign. of ill health and i'm worried. about is it dude. yeah i'm worried about charlie. drinking too much water. is healthy if you love. me send me money to. take care of charlie. but you don't even know. what's wrong with him. yet i don't you just don't. hurry to her how do you not. know that i do know. that but charlie's a boy. named so i say him. it's also a girl name so charlie. baltimore was a rapper also remember that first down. remember the perfume charlie yeah yeah was a guy well it's for women just with an eye. charli so listen um you're doing things so many different things dude you know what let me tell you something okay but you're crinkling you make me mad that's fine. but you're crinkling okay. so the madness started. with you i stopped crinkling and you still make me. mad how about that all right. we are very obviously brothers. in case you don't know. that because of the way. we look and even if we don't look. even if you don't see us. if you're blind or if you're just listening. to it on wherever you. listen to podcast. and you're not watching it. it's very obvious we're brothers because we sounded. like and even if it's not because we sound alike. if you couldn't tell that you can. tell that we are brothers. because of the way we argue dude. get off me get figure out. the look you want dude. do you remember so much. printing do you remember pimp and pimpin. that's right do you remember when you told me. i could punch you. in the face for 10. bucks and i didn't do it. and then months later you got mad. i punched you we were we were fighting. on the bed we're rolling around. fighting each other in my room. and i punched you and i knocked you off the bed. because i'm strong you didn't. knock me off the bed. yes it did i punched you didn't knock you off. the bed you fell off. the bed this is why. the story is good okay then you popped. your head up from i was still on. the bed yeah you popped your head. up above the bed. so i could see your face. and i was so worried. you were gonna okay. kick my ass okay. agn ashen and i and i was scared. and i froze and you put poked your head. up and you said 10. bucks yep and i gave it to. you and i was very happy. to now have my awesome. kid i remember it dude. what i remember is you were on. top of me i was. on the bed you're on top. of me we were doing. the thing you punched me. in the jaw and i go. 10 bucks that's right. i knocked you but it's so far. i mean you know off. of the bed with my thunderous. jab okay what's crazy is. we remember it differently. and that is absolutely insane. isn't that weird what the memory will do. it is but in this. instance it's not weird because i'm 100 okay. then it's weird that my memory is doing that. then it's it's interesting. that you have a bad. memory is what you're what's what. you're saying i'm just saying dude. you know there are things you don't remember correctly and i think that this. might be one of them. but if you're gonna go ahead. and take that hard stance. i don't even really give a [ __ ] because it doesn't matter you said the f. word okay now all right. well we're seven minutes and it. should be okay but anthony bleep that. out okay listen jesus. man it's like you are right. it is interesting that people have different. memories that's why you know. what is the least bankable. yes evidence in court i wish testimony. right because i didn't actually want you to. answer well you asked it. in question but i wanted to. say it okay but you asked me. and then i answered so i didn't know. it was gonna be a togo next. time again we have a rhetorical question. say rhetorical nope did you know. we'll be bad okay. then it won't be bad. it will be fine. what else you got how was your week. it was good you know. um we were recording. this two weeks ago. so uh i gotta well no like a week. and a half ago. so what i'm saying is i don't know. how the week was honestly. okay but i do know. i was in new orleans. and all that [ __ ] and it was probably great. it's going to. be somebody's big day soon calvin. yeah calvin's going to be it's birthday. in six days because this is the 12th of february and it's calvin's. birthday is going to. be three years old. dude yay [applause]. he's gonna be three happy. birthday holding your tits holding your tits out for calvin. happy birthday the longest tits. calvin hey he's so dumb. um so it's gonna be it's gonna be his birthday. and that's gonna be beautiful. and we love that dude. it's gonna be so cool. guess what we're doing we're having a robot. party for him he loves robots. what's what is a robot. party well kristen has gone to. town making robot stuff with her. she got up she bought a thing. this thing this like i don't even know. what it does you put special. paper in it and it cuts. out paper and it and it makes stuff for you like almost like a 3d printer like she's printing out like different like letters that look like computer letters and then robots and eyeballs and [ __ ] the thing costs like four hundred dollars that's it it sounds like it should cost more than that well i don't know it costs 400 oh okay cost us some 400 because between three and four hundred dollars okay you all right use tongues like all messed up yeah but um so she does that she's been just having she loves to. zone out and just do that. stuff it's really beautiful i like that. i wish i had something like that but i don't i mean. when you say something like that. what do you mean. something that you can just zone. i guess working out. can be like that for me. but like something where you could just zone. out she could zone up for hours. dude i'll be texting i'm like is everything. okay and then she'll be like oh i'm so sorry. i'll get home and she's like i'm so sorry. i made this and it's like a little like strawberry. or something like with like like a cardboard strawberry. i'm like that's what took you a few. hours she doesn't stop motion. [ __ ] what do you mean oh actual stopmotion animation yeah okay you know that and so i didn't know she still did that. well no but i'm just saying she has but that's her. personality she likes to. she likes to. you know get involved with something. like that yeah you know. he's like oh is it. okay i took my hat. off yeah but you're just doing a lot. it hasn't even been 10. minutes and you have nine different. looks you're like robert de niro. over the course of his career. long hair short hair hat mustache. buff fat it's too hot. okay the temp is too. damn high but then you put it all on you got casita. it doesn't matter i'm doing it. on it's off now it's better. now i know i feel insecure. about my clean hair. no it's good dude. your hair looks better this. way i don't think so but my week. was good it's not. about how it looks it's about how it feels. okay fine it may. feel worse it looks. better that's what i'm saying. you're saying you don't think so i look is. yeah maybe i don't know but you're get you're letting your feelings. yeah you know cloud up. how it looks yeah maybe i guess. but people look better. when they feel better don't. they and you're saying you know feel better. exactly because that's the thing. because do you think that because i was thinking. about this do you think that women. like men who are fit is. that it yeah uh what kind of fit like you. mean not outer space some women. i actually know just anecdotally women. who do like that and women. who actually are grossed out. by muscles so so do you think how what percent do you think okay let's let's back up here what percent do you think it matters. for a guy if he's going to. date a woman a man's. gonna date a woman what percent. matters body to. the heterosexual for the man. talking about men for the man. no for the man. for the man term of the woman. yeah generally like average guy uh in terms of attraction. or just like just attraction. i mean a lot almost 100 if it's just purely attraction. yeah but so what about for the female. again just for the attraction. probably a lot but less than that. less than it is for a man. because men are extremely visual. and women are much more like feeling. i think it's 80. for man okay and 20. for women one t yeah. i don't think it matters. i don't think it matters. and that's coming from a guy. who's boy you're talking about just fitness. yeah fit i'm talking about a guy. who like take the same. body on a woman translate that to. a man use that but see that's where i think it. doesn't even work so because because to. to men it's tip there's more of a typical ideal woman which are my heterosexual people. obviously yeah to. women i don't think there is a more. typical like ideal man taste. is so varied for women. i think yeah when it comes. in terms of attraction level. physically yeah yeah but my point. is fitness on a fitness level. on a on a right. on a i think it. matters very little for women and me too and that's coming from a guy. who's beat out i don't think. you're that vietnam what doesn't that. mean you go like that yeah yeah no you don't do. that what normal body you go like that. or like that you know. no no you're like this. like that that's crazy dude. you're like the top of a why. yeah beat out but like a lazy. y that looks more. like a u so if you're a robot. you're like a you that's horrible. and that's nothing like a lot. dude on vita i look like a martini. glass no no no oh my god. that's crazy dude my shoulders. go on for days my hips are fine. but then you look like my let's really make the make the whole picture. all right man i don't know oh you're saying. i'm not like this look. at martini glass no you're not like that. you're like this that's just two. lines no no it's a little bit. like further out at the top. no that's stupid dude. my lats are crazy. nope all right so dude. i'm saying it's coming from a guy. who's physically fit who looks great. you know my shit's all lumpy in the right. ways and somebody i'm saying it. doesn't matter yeah i kind of agree. obviously it matters to. some women though to. some women what amount of women. care those women are women. that use too much. makeup you know what i mean. like no i think they do. contouring they look like a kabuki. theater person so you're saying kabuki. theater makeup women like guys who are you know i mean. i'm fit but guys who are do. you know what i mean. jack like yogi doodle dandy. yeah but not like veed out. but like also veed out but also yoki doodle dandy i don't really know what your point. is it's so amorphous you're not making a specific. point you're just like kind of all over the place. i'm saying that it doesn't matter. if you're fit for a guy but i am fit it. does matter though if you're unfit. that's what i'm saying it. doesn't matter if you're unfair. but that's what we're saying. what i'm saying is it. doesn't matter if you're fit to. attract women yeah but i'm also very fair. oh that's the only point this. is about you oh my god no wonder. i didn't understand and for women. and for men if they think oh women. oh i want a fit woman. that's the boom that's 90. percent and for a man. is to want and for a woman. is 20. you know why when i was little i decided i didn't want to. be like a person who was always at the gym. why because you started. to go to the gym. all the time at the end. of high school and you were constantly. looking at yourself in the mirror. and i decided wow i don't want to. be the kind of person that's always looking. at myself in the mirror. like my brother does and so i decided i'm never gonna be like that what's happening. it's a deeper no way. dude yes it was a good decision. no deeper you just didn't want. to be like me when it's healthy. to be like me remember when john charles saw how i saw a buffet and he said you ever put water. down your chest and go. like this and just watch it. dribble down yeah yeah and i do you do that. no no i did it. after he said it i did. it i was like is this. even the thing and i go. and i go it's kind of tight. all right so let's go. into the [ __ ] show we had a good time here so far riporn the super bowl today oh nice okay this comes out so okay but we don't know the score we'll have bad views. but it's okay because you know. we'll have good views on. monday right yep we don't know the score we wonder what it's going. to be it's going. to be maybe who knows i don't even. know what teams are in. the super bowl it's gonna be the chiefies versus the 90s. okay the 90s no. the eagles the eagles the eagles. yeah yeah it'll be the eagles. okay all right cool all right. so let's let's go. did she freezing the iggies hey matt. hey chris so my younger. brother is refusing to. come rock climbing with me. i'm a huge fan of rock. climbing i've been doing it. many years and i coached it. for many years and i think my brother. would enjoy rock climbing. for very specific reasons that i've tried to. explain to him. but when i invite him. he just says i don't want to. and if i ask him. why he says i don't know. i just don't want to. now i understand pressing him. is not a good healthy. thing to do and i know. your stance on um being pressured into. doing something you don't want to. do by friends and family. but at the same time. i'm sure you guys have tried things. out with friends and family before that you didn't think you'd enjoy and then you found out you actually would enjoy it and it seems to. me that if you don't have a specific reason. for not wanting to. do something it's healthy. to go try that thing. see if you like it and if you don't you just don't so if my brother. tried this one time. and he doesn't like it. i would just drop it. forever and i think it's fair. to ask him to. try it one time just for his own. sake to see if he actually enjoys it. because if he does we could do it. together and it would be an amazing. thing to do together. but if he doesn't he just doesn't um am i being a dick. here or is there. something to be said for trying. something out when you really have no specific reason. for not not wanting to. you just don't want to. so you don't know what's going. on dick you are ben. shapiro um but you're being selfish. you're talking about it would be good. for him it would be good. for him but be good for you. no no this is what i i if he went rock. high would be good for you. if you went rock climbing. once and then loved it it. would be good for you. no it might be good for him. to open up to. certain activities i get that. but here's the deal you're coming. at it from a lie. you have to. say hey do this for me. i want you to. do this because i'm going. to enjoy this yes and i would appreciate as your brother. this gift if you didn't cut me. off you would have known. that's what i was going. to say too because he's the one. that wants it and it would be good for him. yeah he should come at it. from a will you do this. for me now i know. you'll love it i know. you'll love it i know. that makes me want to. say no me too yeah. if you were to. say i think he just died. if you were to. say hey i really want you to. come do this for me. i would do it yes if you were to. say you should do this. because you're gonna have a good time. i would say no it's like trying. to tell it's like trying. to tell someone you know. them better than they know. themselves that's not a good strategy also here's another thing too you actually don't have to. try something to know. if you like it or not. definitely not i don't like. this notion what people say hey how are you gonna know if you don't try gay. sex there you go. the buck stops there but no one would say that. about that the reason. you know you i know i don't want to. get all but the reason. i know i wouldn't like say skydiving. is because that looks terrifying. and guess what it is. to people that don't find. it appealing exhilarating so no. one can sit there and tell me oh you'll love skydiving. matt when i know i won't and guess what i'm not gonna go. with you no matter how many times you ask so skydiving and gay. sex no there are more. things than that i know. top things like actual deep. desire and preference that doesn't. count what we're talking about skydiving. and rock climbing aren't in the same. category what about when gay guys come. up to you and says hey gonna know if you never tried. it then then you either you say the thing. about the deep inside no. you say whatever you want. no i don't want to. though yeah that's it there. you go so no you can't. make me well no one's trying. to make you right. and i'm secure and if they are. then there's a real problem. and i and it's fine. if you're gay but it's just not my thing. great we're too far. down the rabbit hole about the gay. thing at this point. and they might do it. once it still could mean. you're not gay you just tried. it but i didn't do. that did it and so yeah. i i agree though that the whole here's here's you. can have sex with so many men and not be gay. as long as in your mind. you're not gay here's i have never done. it here here's but that. is true the kind of person. who says you don't know. if you like it unless you try it. maybe you just think you don't. deserve it kind of person. who wants you to. do the thing you're talking about. what what you said what. what i said the words. i said i know. what the first part is the part. i didn't hear no. you aren't listening is it. more because i said something. and i i shouldn't have said something. i shouldn't have you're right. but what was the first part. of what you said. the kind of person you can't. say what to. what by the way which is what. you did i was highlighting how dumb it. was that you didn't know. what i said there's no excuse. that was dumb so that's why. i didn't wow so go ahead. the kind of person that says the thing. that you're talking about which is you don't. know if you like something unless you tried. it is the kind of person. that wants you to. do what they want you. to do is trying to. just use this employee strategy. to get you to. do it yeah i agree they don't care. about you they want you. to do it that's right. that's like my friend david. sullivan uh steeper and i'm not gonna do. it he made me do pickleball. and you know what i did. pick a ball and i had a good. time but i still didn't want. to do it do you understand. that i still didn't like it. you had a good time. and you didn't like it. yeah but that's not i don't. want to go again. that's the thing that's different. than that i know but it's a very nuanced thing. because he's like come on let's do pickleball. and i was there and i did talk. about this on my show. congratulations you can go check it. out but i did do pickleball. and i had a good time. and the only reason why i did it. was because next to. the coffee shop we got by happenstance. and then we went over. we played pickleball and i liked it. i had a good time. but that's it and i don't really want to. go again yeah okay so so did i really like it yeah so you can like something. do it once and then that's it. of course i know. but that's weird though if you really like something you'd want to. do it again not necessarily i know but also how much you really like something if you only did it. once and then you're good not. that much but you liked it. well enough so did i really like it. or did it not like there's a scale you. liked it like well no yeah. you didn't dislike it you had a good. time you're like an open. person it was enjoyable but you don't want to. go do it again. but i'm pissed off. i had a good time. doing it well that's your job. to talk about with your therapist. i'm a curmudgeon i guess. that's what it is right. that's not what that is. but you are a conversion okay. hey we want to. talk about draftkings listen nba. fans it's time to. bring the hoops action to. the palm of your hand. with draftkings sportsbook an official. sports betting partner of the nba. this week new customers can bet. five dollars and win you're probably like well a few bucks. no they win 200 in free. bets instantly plus for a limited time all new and existing. customers can get a no sweat same. game parlay every day go to. the draftkings sportsbook app today optin and place. the same game parlay on any nba. game and if it doesn't hit you'll get a free bet. back there you go i gotta go. on this this this you're a sports. guy i am a sports. guy yeah uh and this sunday. i got my i know. it's the underdog but they're still pretty. good and they're going to. beat the celtics the grizzlies are going. to be the celtics. that's game today i got my money. on the griz boss some good odds. there grizzlies yeah griswas the grisp. boys chris boys okay. cool uh download the app now and sign up with code. lifeline new customers can bet five dollars. on the nba and get 200 in free. bets instantly only at draftkings sportsbook. and official sports betting. partner of the nba with code. lifeline minimum age and eligibility restrictions. apply go grizz boys. hey matt and chris my name is jamie. i'm from calgary alberta i'm. a huge [ __ ] fan of both. of you guys but i want to. keep this as short. as possible so here it. goes i like your stuff long. story short i was with a guy. for about a year and a half. we were living together we had a big. blowout we broke up i gave him two weeks. to get out he decided to. move to his mom's. house on the east coast. of canada so he left. most of his her hair. part is your hair part. it's coming from right. above her ear okay well we're obviously meant. to be together okay. continue stuff here for me. to mail him. once he got out there. jesus which is totally fine. i guess one of the things. he did decide to. take with him at the time. though was his playstation. 5. he loves video games. i get it i'm not knocking that. all right you should but he left. his father's ashes here. and he has since asked me. to do things like take his father's ashes. out of where i have them stored now and like display them. on my mantle for his. dad's birthday um i have never met. his dad in real life. he died before i got a chance. to meet him and they didn't even. have a good relationship when he was alive. so i don't feel like i'm being ridiculous. in saying no to. that especially because he took his playstation. overtaking yeah um i offered to. mail them to him. if it was super important. to him uh but he didn't really want to. do that say anything. to that so i assumed. that was a no um i was saying that. i'm a huge [ __ ] and i'm being unreasonable. for not taking his father's ashes. out on his birthday. uh i just kind of want. your guys opinion because i don't think that's unreasonable. some people do some people that he thinks they're crazy. i just want to. know what you guys what person. is like thanks nah he's right. you are a [ __ ] yeah that's absurd. you here's how here's how wrong. he is and then how right. you are okay he is zero. percent right and so therefore 100 wrong and the woman. who submitted the video is a hundred percent. right and zero percent wrong. yeah okay that's it. here's what she has too. much of a heart and a conscience clearly this. is what this is how it goes. you say hey can you put my dad's ashes. on it's his birthday. can you put my dad's ashes. on your mental it's his birthday. oh actually i'm way ahead he already. did it oh thanks. yeah why are you lying. though just say no it's an absurd. thing to ask this. guy's crazy i know so you deal. with crazy people by giving them. a logical explanation you got a lot of crazy. here's what you say to. me say to. me hey um it's my dad's birthday. can you put him on the mantle. please no you [ __ ] [ __ ] dude here's the deal you oh first of all he's dead. it's fine he doesn't need to. be higher up on his birthday. also he doesn't even care well. he's the guy doesn't care. the guy doesn't care he's just honestly. he's just trying to. still have control over them. yeah that's totally what it. is he's trying to. extend power and control over. you put even more of a reason. to say no put him on a mantle. really okay i did it. yeah what were you wearing. when you did it you dude. you can't who are your friends. also that said it's okay you i is. she making that up no i don't think so you can't. you the guy took his playstation. dude and not his dad. [music] leave the dad take the playstation. it's like the leave the gun take the canola yeah. the godfather wow dude. the dead father the worst guy. the dead father dude. okay listen the worst hey dude. i'm sure he took other things too so he took the playstation. and like socks yeah but not his dad. yeah he left his dad. and his exgirlfriend's house. but he took socks and then duh. don't mail him. also mail my dad is also why don't mail. them like what do you think we're gonna get into. no it's not a valuable. thing like nobody's gonna steal. your dad is that why that's not even. why though i think it's going. to get like messed up. a transit but like the truth. is the only time things get messed up. in charge of somebody steals your package and let me. tell you something nobody's gonna steal. your dad oh some people don't have. that nobody's just selling dad's ashes. okay i always wanted to. die i always wanted dad. what if it got lost. it could get lost. you lost it honestly. he should live the rest of his life. in shame for taking his [ __ ] playstation. instead of his dad. yeah honestly if if they mail ball the playstation. is dad and he would be more. mad that they lost the playstation. according to how he's been absolutely. and now here's here's the real. thing though tell your exboyfriend. to tune in send him. the clip exactly at this. endpoint and this message is for you. you're a bad son. okay next video uh and and also uh go get your dad. also go back in time and don't leave your dad. okay yeah you know. also throw him in the ocean. also you don't care about your dad. you left him at your exgirlfriend's house. and he took the playstation. five i don't really get when someone dies. and you get their ashes. and [ __ ] and just no i totally get the people they're so cinnamon i. wouldn't do it but i totally get it. saying i wouldn't do it yeah i would just have when like when our parents. died i just want to. have them and prop. them up yeah fill them. i want to. put them in like taxidermize. them yeah but put them in my kitchen. like not even like in a far. away weird room you can have dad. i want to. sit mom at the uh dining. my dining table oh really. yeah half into. a meal or what no. so i have always i'm eating a meal. with her i got you no matter. what i want dad. to be uh up. and propped up making pasta. or no just fixing the garbage. disposal because he's always doing that. more than dude our dad. this is how you know my dad. our dad yeah yeah broke. the garbage disposal you hear from the kitchen. you're in another room you hear. god damn it yes exactly yes dude. and we go oh we broke. it dude he puts. everything garbage disposal is supposed. to be supposed to. be for crumbs by the way like not yeah. my dad will be like uh we're not using this. wicker chair anymore. yeah it's not a wood. chipper that's unbelievable dude. and then he's like he's like god damn. it it's also not even. just crumbs it's like you. can put bigger pieces. of food in there. but only food yeah but also you're not supposed. to put like full sandwiches. down there and stuff. you're not correct but is that. what he's doing no yeah. he's putting it he puts. everything down there dude. wow he puts everything down there. still you know he's literally. broken his girl we're supposed. eight times at least so many times at least eight. times uh but but no but so he yeah he i don't know. if he does it anymore. but i bet he does he got him. and a more hardcore. industrial strength garbage i bet he still does. yeah he still puts like rolling pins. down there you know. yeah yeah all right anyway. next what's up guys just wanted to. hear your thoughts real quick on pda. uh for some reason. i noticed couples doing it a lot. um and it's not just a quick. you know one second peck obsession with tongue. lip biting don't. get me wrong of course. there's a time and place. for it but when you're on public. uh you know crowded transportation. you can't really escape it. it just makes me feel. uncomfortable especially if i'm in a relationship i wouldn't want. to do that in front of a ton. of strangers [laughter] and it's all. good and i you know. it doesn't really matter but i just think it's kind of would you say. that somebody who's doing that is. a sled and not worth. my time i've and i made the right. decision i've evolved on my feelings. about this it used. to gross me out and make me think like what is wrong. with those people now i'm kind of just like amazed. at people who do it. and i just like if you're gonna do that. in public i'm gonna just stare at. you like this is the price. you pay and if you even for one. second go what are you looking. at i'm gonna say you yeah. because you guys are hooking. up in front because you're [ __ ] right. there so what do you think you. guys are [ __ ] in front of me. i'm looking at you so what. do you think is the line. like obviously two people can hold hands. that's nice that's not even. that arm around okay. holding resting and then there's kissing you think. that's the line i think tit. sucking is the line sucking on tits wow. yeah that's way too so kissing is not. too far what about making out. like hard making out like french. kissing well now i'm saying that. yeah because i was saying kissing and then i said what. about making out and then you said hard. fresh core kissing yeah sure is that what you mean like like making our friends oh i'm french so i just want to. make sure we're talking about okay. well part of me. sure but yes making out as in french. kissing hardcore okay so that. i think that's that's like a little weird. but it's not like you don't think it's too. much upsetting okay or anything. okay now let me let me. put it to. you like this okay yeah same. sex okay it's the same. line no but okay for you but it's a little weird. sometimes people think well yeah but when there's two of the same. sex people doing it well those people are. sucking it so you even gave them. an accident for a reason that's all i'm gonna leave it at that okay. yeah well they're not there. right okay yeah they're all for birmingham. alabama so um so yeah so no yeah but my point. is same for samesex and also it's all. the same all the same okay. hardcore making out is like. a little weird but it's not i agree. same if you're like at a stadium like at a sporting. event that would be a little bit. weird but if you're like a park which is i'm assuming where most people. are doing these kinds of things. like away from other people a little less. weird it has to. do with proximity to. other people if they're in public. but not like right on top. of you yeah or others. okay it's not that weird. so if you're a block. away in a park yeah and people can't really see you. but maybe you can kind of see. them from your apartment you're gonna have. like she's just he's fully inside. her and she's riding i mean. i've seen that oh really and i'm just like where posted. up behind a tree and i'm gonna go yeah um because also i've seen. i mean i've seen so much. of that like in other people's windows. oh really yeah so the first day. i moved into my place. in new york yeah i was moving. in moving my stuff in putting my ac unit. in my window and directly across 2nd. avenue i saw um a woman and a man. having sex from behind it was as if they were on display for me. whoa and and uh the guy was the guy. was [ __ ] her from behind with his penis. and she was in front bent. over with her kind of facing and he was sticking his penis. into reverse i know. how it goes so uh did you get turned on. no i was just like oh my god and i got my coleman. and did he get turned on and then we had sex. uh i at one time. was watching some a woman have sex. with a man and i couldn't believe it. uh and it was at my place. and then i realized it. was me it felt so good. i was like what the what. the hell is going. on yeah that is weird. and then i was like oh god. it's me cold cold ah oh yeah. well anyway blind with sunglasses okay. next one wow oh hey chris and matt. my name is joe. i'm from charlotte north carolina. and i have a question. for you guys so me and my wife. we've been married since 2017. been together since 2012. since we got married. we have had two children. a fouryearold and twoyearold. both boys um and obviously with that pregnancy came some weight gain which i don't have a problem with i know it might sound like i do but um i actually find it very attractive cool however since gaining that weight. my wife has snored uncontrollably. i mean sometimes it. sounds like she stops breathing and i'm just worried. about the health concerns. over anything i'm still attracted. to her i still love her. beautiful but she doesn't understand. that that weight is really putting her in a position. to not live a long. life and i need a way. to bring that up. to her um i know it's very sensitive subject. um but any help. would be greatly appreciated. thank you guys i mean. damn say that freaky situation. yeah i guess so usually i will. say that usually people who call in or or send a video. in to this show. say how should i approach a subject. and i think like 80. of the time they should just approach it. how they approached it. to us i mean. that's such a sticky situation. because way because of the obvious thing. yeah honestly even for men. for a woman way different yeah. but here's here's honestly what i think. i think if we're talking about because obviously obesity is. very often if not always a health risk. so i think maybe compare it. like lead into. it the way he just said it. was good but if you wanted. to like soften the landing. even more you want i might want to. talk about like look like maybe there was a point. where one of you smoked. and the other one asked you. to stop smoking maybe there was a point. one of you drank too much. i asked you to. stop drinking bring that up as the context. as like the groundwork for what. you're going to bring up. with the weight thing because what you want. to make clear you're not doing. is saying honey you way. too much and i don't like it. or something along those lines. well it's the opposite he said he does. like it exactly so even more of a reason. why you don't want to. make it sound like that. you want to. make clear that it up. front that it's a health thing. unlike you just did with us. he brought up the health thing. late and you want to. bring that up first thing. first first good advice you want. to make it a house. because it is because that's what it. is it is if what you're saying. is honest and we have no reason. not to believe you it's it's a health. concern and just like if she were smoking. or you were smoking and she wanted to. bring it up with you. or or drinking too much. or doing drugs or or anything. unhealthy um even just like eating too much. sugar whatever like you want your partner. to live as long. as possible not only live as long. as possible but live healthy. and happy for as long. as possible and if someone is not aware. of how much damage they're doing to. themselves it actually as uncomfortable as it may be it is your partner's responsibility. or in your case your responsibility. to your partner. to say something have you ever. seen fit to. fat to fit did you. just stutter a lot nope. that's actually what the show is called. fit to fat to fit no so it. starts out with somebody who's fit and they know. someone who's fat and they fit person. gets fat they spend four. months getting as fat as the person. and then lose it with them. and they both lose it. oh you could do fit to. fat to fit okay. you could be like look sweet. doesn't that sound really unhealthy. though it is but it's not good. to gain weight really. fast or lose weight. but you will if she loses. weight then it is eventually. will uh ultimately will just be healthy. for her i don't think you should do. that but here's the thing. yeah i don't before you. bring it up ramp up. how much is you're like wow. baby you look great. whoa and also sorry. but maybe like have sex a few. times yeah and make it clear. that you enjoyed it and are enjoying it. while you're doing it yeah. yeah yeah yeah or bring it. up during sex oh yeah oh you know. you snore yeah yeah yeah yeah you snore yeah. i think maybe you lose. a little bit of weight. because it's a healthy there's proof called wow. um and there's some proof baby you want some proof. what's the proof our car. a car yeah dude i i hear you. though dude i get it. man um what just that uh um we give great. advisors why are things funnier. when you've just taken a sip of something. because you shouldn't be laughing. oh so naughty we're not. everybody likes to. live naughty we are. naughty intrinsically my teacher says not. to be naughty. but we're nodding we are naughty. by nature it's true. not a nature all. right what's his name was right. what's his name treach he was. so right yeah he was a good. actor though church was a good actor but he didn't get the part. that tupac got on juice. because tupac was a better. actor what do you mean. they auditioned for seattle. oh i didn't know that tretch went. in to do the audition for juice. and then tupac went into. the artificial i actually don't know. who went first but tretch speaks. of it as oh i'm not gonna get this. part because you heard him through. the wall oh they were in the same. room yeah wow yeah tupac's. an amazing actor but jeff. was good too yeah yeah. why do you say that. though well i say what that. church was a good actor because we just brought him. up and i don't know but i don't know. but what did you see. him in oh i don't even remember it. wasn't he in uh higher. learning was he i think he was busta rhymes was i don't know. omar episode in higher. learning i mean a lot. of people are in higher. learning dude how long has michael rappaport been. around 75 and he's only like 50. you know what he makes him. laugh so hard in small time. crooks oh dude he is so funny. in that movie i know. he's so funny he really is so funny. um anthony chris is his name. wow let's go ahead. he still is dude yeah. he that guy is a handsome. dude he's in a movie. that is so funny he's got nothing. to lose oh wow oh no. it's a soundtrack all right. he's in juice yeah but he didn't get the part. that that people i see uh there. is such a funny look up. actor only yeah dude there's a there was a movie that. he's in that is so funny. and i put uh it's a while it was a while. ago yeah uh it is the uh no no no no players. ball no he's in the sopranos. oh wow as trash. wow oh he is in the sopranos. he is yeah i don't know. what the movie is but he's in some movie. where he is wow. look how many things oh it's loving. a bullet is loving a bullet. loving a bullet oh he's in soul food. it's look at that it's like this. movie this guy this movie there's a scene. in this movie where somebody shoots. at him and he he goes down. on one hand dude. like this kicks his feet. up and the bullet goes under him. it's like me with the ear. last episode with the ear yeah. you're trying to get like you. you get you get shot at and then you pull out. your gauged ear yeah don't remember that i do. remember that one but it's not. like that no it's just like that. because he used his whole body. to do it was um it's not. even even plyometric people will be like what the [ __ ] is he doing well anyway it was so he avoided the bullet. right i put it on instagram. and chris rock liked it. who were we giving advice. to just now trench no. really the guy the guy. who with the with the wife. that he said he wanted. oh yeah make it a health thing. yeah be really bleed. with the whole thing and be real. care feel okay cool all right. care rodney dangerfield hey guys. bundled it's bruce again. so who's this guy again. creatively he wanted to quit. his job oh yeah oh his uncle or something was that the guy. who who worked for his. fatherinlaw but i don't remember that. so this guy has 20 layers on yeah. right he wanted to. quit and pursue a different. thing altogether because he was working. with his fatherinlaw and now he's he's his job. is not wearing too many. clothes his job now is to. be always confusing okay you said how do i quit. okay okay go ahead quitting. your job over a podcast. probably not my best date. yet all right now i remember but you fired me. so i guess oh same outcome. whatever because of the podcast and booyah about to. kill himself and uh on a building. yeah you guys hiring wow. that was a good submission. and then literally took ricin. after this and shook so hard. on the concrete dude he honestly. uh he got fired i wonder if he did get fired. because of the pumpkin. i think the implication was he got fired. because of this no i don't think that's the implication but i wonder if it didn't want. to ask as well because it's salacious. well i think he did get fired. because of us we're naughty. i think that he is. um yeah we're not hiring. we've got our force we've got our crew. no job for you so we can hang our clothes. up on him because he clearly likes that. yeah i do have some extra. clothes that you might want. um but that's uh we're sorry. to hear about you being fired. but also maybe he wanted to. get when a door closes. another one opens right but he literally wanted to. get fire if i remember correctly he wanted. to get fired but he was like i hope my boss. sees this wasn't he i remember that. no i don't think so but what i'm saying. is true but i wanted to. be true what i said. so it is true. that's fine but i'm saying. there's another door somewhere find that. and walk through it and it's not this. it's you're not working it's not. you're really mean to. us you're really stretching that cliche so what i'm saying. is that's good for you. thank you thank you when something. bad happens to you yeah. you've got to. do something to. flip it on its ass and you go thank your life. thank you very much this. is a learning experience. i'm gonna grow from this. so thank you i mean. i agree with that but you know. your boss do that i don't do. that okay yeah that's good. advice but you don't do that. yeah well no i'm i'm uh i don't do that. either it's too hard. if you can do that though. it's it's good i do do that. sometimes but then sometimes i get in certain moves. and moods and i go oh man. i'm not doing that but i try. to i always try to. make things the best thing. that ever happened to. me oh wow it's also deeper. yeah it sounds like it. okay now you see that. so defensivo is what it is. all right next next hey chris and matt. i'm nina my boyfriend and i love. the pod we're true. babies chris we recently got tickets. to see you in tulsa. can't wait so i'm gonna jump right. into it my boyfriend. and i have been living together. for two years dating since. i was a freshman. in college but here's the thing. he's seven years. older than me so by. the time we started dating. he was already out of college. there's this part of me. that you know despite the perfect. relationship we have and and the fact that we see a future. together i feel like i'm missing out. on experiences at college. i wanna like live it. up um there's a big part. of me that's kind of addicted to. the chase of new relationships. and new guys and um you know. i kind of want to. like have the ability to. flirt with other guys and live it. up while i'm young so what do. you say should he let me. have a hoe phase or should i just hunker down. and make the future. my priority and just accept. that i've met the one. any advice is appreciated thanks guys what an awesome. attitude about this should he let me have a whole face i mean just knowing calling it like like a spate of space. you should if you actually really think uh uh i guess. it's there's a few things going. on here if you really. think that that's something you want. before you truly settle down you. should bring it up. but what is gonna have to. happen is you're gonna have to. let him do the same. thing too because it can't. just be you who's like free. and he's just waiting for you to. finish uh and that obviously would work. if this was a guy calling in about him. and his girlfriend it's the same thing. yeah you can't have a partnership. if it's not fair if you're getting. some cut he's gonna get some cut. okay um don't say that. but um also though i will say i know. a couple specifically that were together. for a really long time. they were about to. get married and the woman said i love you. very much i really want to. get married and i'm really looking forward. to it and i can't wait to. spend the rest of my life with you but we've been together. so long and since we were so young. i want between now and now between. now and our wedding just that period. to be able to. see other people put some stuff. in my face but to. be able to. see other people but to. put some stuff so she starts. going on dates with a few. different guys and like actually doing it. but always coming up in her. face oops stop i'm not interrupting. i'm coloring it no. you are interrupting no you interrupted yourself. stop okay but just can you say and so she would go on dates. with these guys and then oops. and then she would come home to. him at night every night she would never like not. tell him what was going. on it was a very honest. thing he never wanted. to do it in the first. place though he finally does it once with a girl so he ends. up really liking though. because that's the kind of guy he is he's very like one. personcentric right but he ends. up going like too far. with her and really liking. her and she really likes him. and then one like night he came home. like later than he had said he was going. to come home and she finally broke. and specifically asked like why. are you late what's going. on whatever and he told her and she flipped. out yeah and almost tanked the entire relationship. because she was so jealous. of what the guy. was doing with this other woman. so what i'm that's the long. version of saying be careful. right be careful what you got. is something great right. don't think it grows. on trees because if you mess. this thing up it. might not be fixable and here's the thing. dude everyone's gonna think you're talking about me. you're not i don't even know. what you mean and i know who you're talking. about too what are you. saying it's not me people. are gonna be like you're talking about your brother. oh no it's not you no. hey dude and i know but i know who it is. okay stop doing that you don't. even have a clue. what is you don't even. know what they are no. i thought it was uh no you some other you don't. know these people okay so shut your mouth. that's fine but so shut your mouth. and we're good but but what uh my point. is to get it. out there it wasn't me it was somebody that i thought shaggy. that you that you know. that i don't know okay. fine but what i'm saying is uh this. is something that look i don't for people. who are normal people that don't have a problem. with you know uh love don't have a problem. with sex don't have a problem. with sleeping around don't have a problem. flirting is fine like you can. flirt you're not going to. do anything if you're not going to. do anything if if the guy is secure. enough he should be he's out. of college and [ __ ] he should be like oh it's fine you can flirt with whoever you want i don't care yeah but she's obviously talking about a little bit more i know she is but she may. not know what she wants she may. think that that's what she wants. and then do it and look the grass. is always greener but the point. is flirting is probably enough. i'm guessing you seem like. a sound person and you found somebody that. you might be with for the rest of your life. it i would say you know. i get it i get it. because especially because he's not with you. in college it's a little different. you don't feel like you're living. that college lifestyle you're not living living. up your youth but if you got a good thing. if you really think he's the one genuinely like not because that's what's supposed. to happen if you really think that. this dude is the one you want. to be the rest with the rest of your life. then i don't think you should do. it but if you if you have any sort of you know. doubt any sort of doubt. then i think that you should do. it i think that you should say. look i need to. go through my whole face but not don't put it like that. but i want to. put some stuff on my face. i just think i mean. maybe you have already but if you haven't. certainly i think you should talk. to him about it. yeah and just again. be careful but like you know. be delicate because feelings. are intense about this. kind of stuff yeah explosive. sometimes but like it's clearly enough. on your mind that you called. in to us uh you might want. to bring it up. with him as you said he's probably much. more mature than most. guys your age so it. might not be actually that much. of a bomb to. drop on him um and who knows maybe he'll be like oh yeah. it's a great idea i think you should do. that and i'm gonna go do. it too and then but still and then we're gonna ruin our lives. that way right you know. yeah but again it's a decision. you guys make together. and that's better here's the other thing. too you seem like the kind of person. where you're like hey i want to. go out and do my thing. and you're just gonna go out. and meet another guy and then be with him. like you're saying you don't think i don't think she has it. in there to really be a hoe. how how what energy. because i read people and i'm i'm not saying i'm like sherlock. holmes but like i i feel a certain way. about certain people and just hearing. what she's talking and how she's talking about it. i don't really think she has it. in her to be a hoe. i don't think she does. i think that she's the kind of person. that would just like be like uh you know. sleep with one or two guys and that's a whole face to. her face to. her and then uh she met the guy. and now she's like she likes this. guy and the other guy's asked out. i don't know i don't so you don't even. think she likes this. guy that much i don't i don't think this guy's the one. i don't think this guy's the one. i think he is okay. yeah okay i or rather. i think she thinks he is. yeah yeah okay i think she knows. deep down that he might not be the one. oh okay well now you're psychoanalyzing but okay that's just what i think. okay all right one more one more i'm gonna just say this. about the next one. yeah um it's a followup okay. and i didn't come from the same. woman she's like i just i just i just had sex. with a bunch of guys i mean. currently in my whole face i did it. um vet the video i didn't even watch it. i said i i walked by this. and so barbie because you know. what it's about no because i know. oh it's from yeah it's a follower. okay okay so this could be boring. you didn't even vet it. okay all right cool well. that's fun let's see. mystery video okay oh i sent in a video oh yeah. talking about the right. way to drink something right. and no one seemed to. know what was going on. in that yeah and i'm gonna get straight. to the point what i was talking. about is the hardhitting issues. um chris yeah like you have an issue. about like cheeseburger is a snack. and that's that's a hard. topic and we need to. be talking about that and how if you eat a cheeseburger. and you're watching tv you. got both stimulations at the right. time yeah i get the right. thing to do but if you lay down. you have too many. stimulations going at once right. so that's what i'm talking about. with the drink like that is the right. way to do something. and not nobody talks about that. but it's right and we need to. be talking about that more. right rather than like i said the weather. and i get it um i can't force it. and i will force it in my conversations. oh wow i'm not having a debate. about it oh well then you saw i i'm going. to say this is the right. way to do something. i'm like spreading knowledge i'm not trying. to have a conversation i'm telling you. no you're doing this now um okay. peace no one really knew it. was like you should drink this. way and not this way. and that's what i should tell. people when i meet them. also all you just did in this. video is tell us how shitty you are. in every conversation when you meet people. i'm not gonna listen. to them yeah it's not. gonna be a conversation. this is literally telling them. what's best yeah i mean. imagine if i was like. hey what's up nice. to meet you i'm chris. hey hey man our burger's a snack. dude you should eat two. for lunch like dude. you would be a lunatic. yeah like uh and then you go what. no no no no no no no that's it. we're not talking about it. anymore it wasn't kind of a meal. no no no no you gotta meet someone. else hey frank if you lay down and eat a burger. that's too much simulation nice to. meet you i mean this. guy is just gonna get a grip. yeah and he also he could be 17. but could be 37. yeah dude. the guy is lil xan and it's all good. he's losing without the tattoos and it's fine. but also uh uh he's one of those guys where you can't. tell if he has braces or not. and then also yeah dude. yeah he is yep and then als. he died he did i ruined. it and he also did let's find the way. it was and michael ruined. it um and then also dude. um so [ __ ] absolutely boring and if he meets somebody like that gonna be i'm gonna have a zero friends i think i have zero yeah if you have any friends right now you're gonna lose him [ __ ] friends we love the guy though and yeah call in again yeah for real we love you dude thank you for watching thank you for calling in twice with two of the most utter [ __ ] videos i've ever heard in my life give us a third one yeah please give us our third one we dare you to. make sense this time. and explain to. us also another thing besides. the drink thing that you feel. that is a hardhitting issue. because so far you called them. twice and you have only one example that we don't even understand. we don't understand it so but uh so give us another. one there's got to. be more because the burger. is a snack one. is very clear that's when i say one. burger's a snack you're not gonna eat one. for lunch it's two. for lunch that's a meal. fat that's a fact absolutely. obese all right cool all right. well we're done well that's it. look i've got to. be in new york at the beacon. theater february 18th rhode island. february 17th i'm going. to be in uh boise. uh salt lake city. i'm gonna be in uh uh tulsa midland. texas austin texas two. shows minneapolis two shows milwaukee uh. columbus ohio cincinnati and all that. so go to chrisley dot com. to get your tickets. go to mattdelia dot com. for some oneonone mano amano. sessions advice a little back and forth. give you what you need to. get through the week the month. the year your life. mattelia dot com uh book. them there and then if you have a question. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifestyle dot com and if you want you're sick. as hell lifeline merch. go to lifelinemerch dot com. and also subscribe to. the channel we love it. um join super good and leave us a comment. man let us know uh let us know how you're feeling about the show. or something like that it. helps yogurt we gotta boost it. up you know what i mean. because they shot up. in your boy and bing bing bong. baby baby and we will force you. next the worst [music] 