 [music] runk chattanooga. and west virginia i will be there. this weekend go to. chris lea dot com and australia. and de moine and i got a bunch. of different dates coming. up go to chris lea. dot com to. get those tickets and uh without further ado here is the next. episode of [music] congratulations. [music] congratulations and i also irvine i forget. where i'm going i forget. that i booked clubs too. i'm going to be irvine. and uh uh oxnard coming up and then a bunch of i said austral. you but anyway dude i've had this. thing like just need to. keep like doing that and it's so annoying. you ever get that it's just insane. i think it's a yearly. thing i think it's a seasonal thing. you know like every every year during this. time maybe the maybe this beginning. of summer or something. i don't know i have to. check right i'll have to. check i have to. check but um i have to. check next year i have. to see i have to. clock it uh but yeah anyway uh speaking. of australia going to. australia got the um passports i mean. i have a passport and my wife has a passport. but my uh sons don't and my sons are 4. and one and they have to. get their passports and it's so funny their little pictures on it. especially billy it's like he got no. business being a passport. getting a passport you know like hey it's him. hey this this is him. dude you don't need a passport. this is just the baby. so let's just bring him. in we're going to. bring him in the country. it's going to. be fine he's just going. to do pretty much kind of he he's gonna just pretty much eat and poop. and sleep and cry just like just like kind of like his dad. honestly uh but his dad does need a passport. cuz he's 44 and billy's 1. so he doesn't need a passport. so just let me bring this. baby in huh. um but he's going to. have one and his his picture. looks dope too uh so i don't mean to. brag but my son's my son's passport. pictures look pretty dope. um we're here and it is uh time. to get on and popping. uh and i just feel like everything. is uh everything's all gravy. everything's prett pretty pretty gravy uh. and and uh the thing about diddy. is crazy how you saw a video of him. beating the crap out of uh uh c cassie. is it yeah um and and he was ah it's just sad. i don't know it's like to. to to yeah maybe it's not. the best way to. start off a podcast but man. i just was like oh shoot. when there's video of you. doing that i don't know how you i don't. know how how you keep going. like all right let's make some more music. you know um it's a weird. thing to think about and it's also that. was 10 years ago. over 10 years ago. also why wasn't he staying in a nice. hotel you know i thought he was a billionaire. um but yeah it was uh it. was it was weird. and and apparently he paid. for the footage from the hotel. and also the hotel. just gave it to. him for 50 g's and it's like hey but hotel you're a hotel you can't do that you're a hotel dude. you can't just receive 50. g's for the security tape. hotel this is in someone's house. hey hotel you got people staying in you right. so it's weird okay also who got the money. legal illegal um but um i don't know you know i don't really know anything about that and i don't know where it was or whatever. so maybe it's different in that. state i have no idea um there was a kid. named james when i was a kid. i was in uh new jersey. and elementary school and i would say uh and and and one time. he was doing uh swings. on the swing set and apparently he saw i talked about this before. apparently he saw some movie the night before. because he was like hey hey chris ask me. if i have any ideals and he would just he hey chris ask me. if i have any ideals and i do you have any ideals and he says nope. all fresh out ideals and then jumped off the swing that's what he would do and then uh he made me do it five times and his name was james and i remember he had a jacket that was blue it was too big dude who who is that kid now you know you know who do people grow up to. be you know god that's crazy. who are these people out there. they're out there somewhere not many of them. died some of them. did a lot of them. did because the sheer. volume but the percentage of them. are just alive and just around. you know like i saw a guy. the other day that um commented on like a post. that justin bieber and um uh um jaden smith was on. where they kiss each other. you know where they did that. little kind of like it. was like a very fluid. kiss that they did and it was like oh is it. people you know people from nebraska was like oh they're homosexual. and uh you know i guess. it was it was kind of it's when you get to. a certain level of fame. it's not gay or straight. you just kind of kiss you. know you just kind of kiss. and you don't even think about if it's a man. or a woman you just go. hey what's up and they stroke. sometimes they don't care they don't. care you know they're just 30. they're just 30 and and so famous. and just kiss dude. they just kiss they don't. give and they and they're like oh yeah. he was a guy. i forgot i don't i wasn't thinking. about it who cares. stroke squirt and um and so. they were doing that and then i and then i looked and i and i looked down. in the comments and it wasn't even. like far down and there were like 20,000 comments. on it you know. it was like a big. post and some dude. i went to. high school with was just like i'm convinced. everyone in hollywood are. butt pirates and i'm just like oh well. there there's there's there's bill. there's bill dude. there's what i wonder what he been. up to he used to. be a big bully and now. he's just 44 commenting on a jaden smith justin bieber. kiss video you know and he's just around. still i i had no idea i had you know. i didn't really know about him. too too much you know. but he was a bully. and uh i remember he had a girlfriend. and then she broke up. with him and then we started dating. and he got real. mad at me and i thought he was going. to beat me up. and whatever dude he never did. though um and there's still time. i guess but also he did break into. my car later that uh week. and uh uh threw all the stuff. around it in my suburban and i was like i don't really care. that's my mom's car you. know everyone's like oh dude. billy uh broke in your car. and threw all the [ __ ] and he used. his and then he used my gas. card or my mom's my dad's gas. card i guess uh in like you know. see me valley to. to fill up his tank. and like we just canceled. it and everyone's like oh no. and i was just like i don't really care. you know i don't really care. with this chick i don't really care. man doing that hurts i got a a shoulder. pain so that's cool. i did cup cupping is. it called cupping yeah my buddy. anthony came over works with the lakers. and he uh you know. since i'm an athlete too he came over. and did some cupping on my shoulder. and it looks crazy. my son looked it. and he was like what is that. and he's just not over. it he's just like what is that. blood coming to. the surface and then he can't talking about that's cool. but um but uh yeah i got cupping and he he really got in there. dude i you know what i realized i don't like massages at all. i don't i don't like massages but oh god. i'll tell you i'd be remiss. if i didn't include a sports. massage with that i love sports. massages dude and it's because i'm a sports. i'm me i'm me i must be. and dude when i go get if i if i if i and i and i haven't in a long. time and but i've done it. in my life if i go to. burke williams or something. some some some quack place. like that if i really go to. a place where they've got like trickling. water and uh you know. bamboo around and calm music. like go like get out of here. with the i don't like calm music. i'll be as calm as i want to. be you don't need music. to make me you know. but um if i go to. one of those places and they come out. and then they just start you know. massage i'm like what it's nothing. it's stupid but dude. you get a sports massage. you get anthony in here just digging in. your you know right. there my shoulder and boy it. fow it hurt but a good a good. pain you know he was like what. does it feel like uh what's the worst. pain it's been out. of 10 over the past. week and and i was like oh i don't know seven. he was like okay so 8's er 8 you. would go to the er and i'm like oh what what. is you have to. explain that part first. okay four you know i don't understand. like cuz i just maybe maybe i'm just a a wuss. right i don't know when people say. like what pain 1 through. 10 when a doctor says so what is it. 1 to 10 a pain. wise i'm like i don't know but i'm i oper. i operate on the wuss scale. dude i operate on the wuss. scale nine you know and the doctor's like that's a hang nail. and yeah i don't know. 10 um but yeah i i just think that. it's basically uh any pain. is a 10 otherwise. why even think about it. right who cares what a three is. you got a three pain. you keep moving you got a three pain. you definitely still go to. the gym you got a five pain. you still go to. the gym if you got it. if you got pain and you don't go. to the gym it's an eight. pain uh i don't know. man started watching the episode or the season. two of the jinx. you know which i wasn't involved. dude i no let me take that. back the first jinx i saw and it was awesome. the first season all right. that was like 10 years. ago i didn't realiz it. was so long ago. but it was nine maybe um and okay. right but i remember when that when that uh when that uh intro. music would start you know. whatever it was i would be like oh yeah hey dude time. to settle in you know. i was like oh hell yeah. time to settle in you know. how they do stuff. for tv shows like they'll make music. for the intro don't do that. there's so many dope. songs out there already pick. one of those i pay for it. you chap skate you're going. to have to. pay for someone to. make it anyway pay for it. i found out that that. it was already a song. so i'm like oh just this. is how it should always be there's songs. out there choose from the catalog. pick that song you know if it's a night if it's a song that will be on you know wb like gilmore girls. is already picked up closing. time one last call for alcohol in night. i know what yeah whatever. that one is you know. or or if it's a cool. ass s uh [music]. right that one right that would be cool. but you got to. they got make you make score you know. like i don't i'm not into. that i don't like i'm not into. score so i found out that they ed. a real song on the jinx. and i go oh well that's it. dude use that use real. music so anyway so i'm i watched this. ep it was dude. the jinx was crazy. right the guy's just so bonkers. he just couldn't shut up and now he's in jail. and uh and he could and and and it's all because of this. documentary that they made in hbo and uh okay. so i'm like oh wow and then they made a part. two nine years later. now you know how i feel about part. tw's if you're going to. make a part two make it four. at max five years. lat at and i'm talking max. five years later all. right now i get documentaries. are really hard to. make you got to. let stuff happen before you. make it okay fine i get it. i get it for the jinx. okay that's fine 10 nine years. okay whatever dude when somebody makes an a a sequel. like they they make sequels. 20 years later you know like the matrix uh there there's so many example i can't think of them. they're they're they're they're uh eluding me. now but it's not worth it. dude you waited decades you waited. decades it's done dude. you already did you did. told the story it's all i get a cash grab but dude. you don't need to. make a it it's for the s you. know what especially in this. culture it's part of a culture um what uh especially because of this culture um you this's what i'm trying to. say hold on this. is what i'm trying to. say let me get my thoughts. together here this is what i'm trying. to say the binge culture. h yeah got it um the binge. culture right i don't now they're trying to. go back to oh well we'll release the first two. or three and then every week. we'll release another so now it's going. back to appointment television. which i guess it's not. i i i guess it's not like exactly. a appointment television. because it's not 7 p.m. on. a on a wednesday. is is that it comes. out i understand it's just they'll say like yeah will we drop it. on wednesday now this's new show. dark matter i saw the first two episodes. of dark matter and then i'm like oh now i'm hooked and i can't. watch the third one the third. one comes out wednesday wednesday. you can watch it so okay. so but it is kind of appointment. television in a way because. it comes out midnight on wednesday. so i'm not going to. sit up and wait for it. so i can watch it. anytime on wednesday so i guess it's so i i i i you know i i guess technically it's not actual appointment television. but i'm just like i waited. then until the next wednesday. and i saw it the next. wednesday and i already forgot everything. okay it's been a week. and your boy forgot the. whole first two episodes oh and they think they're going. to be cute with that. recap they think they're going. to be cute with the recap. here's what you missed. oh dude hey start it over hey hey from jump all of it. hey hey hey i dude. i so much [ __ ] has happened for the past week. you're gonna create binge television. and then take it away. from us and make appointment. tv how about this dude. netflix is opening up movie. theaters hey so what then the last 10. years was just [ __ ] you were just trying to. get into the theater. game right you started saying like hey let's just do dvds. we'll just send them over. to you and then hey we'll just stream it. hey we'll stream it. that's the best part about it. is that you don't even. have to go to. the theater and now they're like well actually we want. to be up for academy. award so we got to. release some of the shows. and some of the movies in theaters. and that's okay we'll release some of the uh the movies. in theaters and you know for like a week. this way we get the credit. for the thing we get a oscar. you know each ela. could get an oscar nomination. you know we'll make sure everyone gets an oscar. we'll make sure that that chick. from the crown nomination. but and then and then and then and then and then what and then what well oh the martin. sc says he wants to. do a netflix all right. well we'll release k the for moon. into and now i got to. sit at home and wait for the thing. and then i got netflix. now i got movies. that are out there that like you you on netflix. and you can't even see them. yet and you have netflix. you you you you you you [ __ ] us you know you really did and this is the stuff. that i complain about and you know. what i don't i'm not negative. it's positive i i'm an advocate. for change you know but it's pretty. silly man netflix has movie. theaters and uh they tried to. make jinx to. two hour two two uh nine years. later and so i watch it. so now i'm watching it. and i didn't want to. watch it and my wife. was like no david's an op. david came over he's an op. and he was like you guys. know that second season of jinx. he man and my wife. goes oh and i and i in my head i i i go. oh okay i don't like this. because she the way. she reacted leaves me. no choice but to. acques right otherwise ha my wife's so excited about this. show what am i supposed. to do i but i want to. watch good boy you know that. movie with where the guy. dresses up as a dog. the horror movie what was his. one good boy i want to. watch good boy the good boy. let me let me i'm googling. it good boy horor i'm not. garer horror that's the right movie. yeah okay so this movie is called. good boy and it came out. in 2002 22 and this. is what it's about. okay sigd who which already. i'm i'm [ __ ] in dude. a guy's name the guys. the woman man or woman. i don't know i don't even know. the name is sigd. okay i'm in because it's a foreign. movie all right i never met. somebody named sigd which means they're on other. land somewhere which means i like the idea. that the movie is not. american cuz most of the time american. movies are bad most of the time. now most of the time. movies are bad okay. not just american but if i get to. see an extra little special. you know uh uh sliver of how the world. is somewhere in like sweden. name the character sigd dude. i'm in all right so sigaret hits. it off with christian a millionaire. heir she meets on a dating. app so cig a woman but learns that he lives. with a man who acts like his pet dog. okay in if i wasn't in before. in now but then trying to. be openminded she continues her. relationship but soon notices an insidious undertone to. him in in a movie. that sounds like it should be a comedy. that is a horror movie. involved in dude a movie that. is sound when you're describing. it you go oh that. sounds funny and then the person says no but it's a horror. movie get the [ __ ] popcorn where where' they shoot. it what's the le character's name cigaret get the [ __ ] juju. bees get the large club. soda no i don't. want butter on [ __ ] popcorn. uh so i'm like that's what i want. to watch and i've already got it. locked in my head i got it. locked in my brain. that that's the movie i'm going. to suggest and david the op. comes over and says hey you going to. watch you ever see that see jinx. the jinx came out and ch. goes oh i loved that then i realized i didn't even know kristen when she watched. the drink the drink the jinx. so now i'm like oh i don't know how much she liked it. turns out she really liked it. the way she was reacting she's like please. let's watch it please watch. it and they was like sounds like we got to. watch one episode at least you know and just if we like it. if you like it if you're in then we'll watch more he said okay but i'm not we don't okay. so we watch one. episode and guess what i'm not. into it i'm not into. it why why because it's 9. years later dude it's 9. years later they have a new intro. song it's not even the old dope. song it's another dope one. but it's like he's already in jail. he's in jail he already admitted. to it when he was taking a piss on. his you know la mic. what do i care now. he's already in jail it. already happened and my wife is so into. it we watch the end of the first. episode and she says we have to. watch a second episode and i go i wonder what i'm going. to watch good boy being married. you know you think about it. as like i look at my kids. and i look at my you know. my beautiful wife and i'm just like this. is just the happiest. you know and i am i i'm so happy. you know and then i don't get to. watch good boy and i'm like the reactions are not right. sized my and i don't mean. my look there's a difference between your outward. reaction and your inward reaction. and you know your inward. reaction kind of doesn't really matter. it's the reaction you're hiding from everyone. right it's when somebody says hey you're fired. and then they that other person. says oh good well. this the best thing that ever. happened to me right. your outward reaction is not matching your inward. reaction your inward reaction is oh i'm [ __ ] how am i going to. pay off my mortgage. but you make you know. the bravado you cover it great. that's never happening you know. when one door closes another. one opens you know that kind of thing. but my reactions are never right. size inward or outward okay and my inward ones. you know look inward. reactions don't really matter. because they're they they tend. to not affect people as much. because they're all for you but they affect you. they affect your mood your over. go like this great i get to. watch good boy okay well [ __ ] i don't get to. watch good boy i'm not even going. to [ __ ] mention it then how about that right and outward i go like this well i want to. be a team player. i want to. be like a i tell you what if everybody. wants to watch the first. episode of the second season. of the jinx and i'm the only one who doesn't want. to then that's okay and they go. let's give it a try. and i go [ __ ] myself out of that one didn't i but i do it inward. right and the outward is like yeah it's all good and the inward. is like i i know i'm happy. but like see this is the crazy. part of me i just go. if i was single dude. i'd be watching good boy. i'd be in the middle of good. boy right now i'd be in the middle. of the movie like you you. know people are like man. if i was single you know how much [ __ ] i'd get and dude hey if i was single do you know how many movies i want to. watch i would [laughter] watch. and and i already watch whatever. i want to. watch you know i kind of like try. to bully whoever's around. me into watching what. i want to. watch but i'm trying to. you know trying to. get it trying to. be a little bit more. you know so we watched. the per first episode. of the jinxx and i wasn't into. it yes it was well. done and the subject. is is is nice but i wasn't into. it so afterwards. they go did you like it. and i say no and they go. oh come on and so i watched three [ __ ] episodes of the jinx. dude i'm watching three episodes. of a sequel that. came out 9 years. too late about a guy that. is already in jail and you already saw why. and good boy still on. watch that movie's got to. be what uh what country. what what country uh norwegian. norwegians make some [ __ ] crazy. movies dude norwegians and asians. make the craziest movies. dude al so they're saying it's a comedy. horror no uh yeah girl meets boy. comedy horror that rabidly bizarre. premise there is a streak of boundary. pushing and wantedness to. this norwegian comedy horror. that i said twice. didn't need to. say it twice that bod. well for the um all right. was norwegian anyway it's probably bad. but sometimes these these movies. with like super white people. are so crazy movies with super white. people like german or norwegian. or swedish denmark dude. they're they don't give a [ __ ] about what they put on camera. they'll show all the things and you're like dude. this is for off screen. you we're supposed to. react to the the the wife. reacting to this not the [ __ ] guy getting eaten by a tiger you know what i mean they'll just show it oh look he's getting eaten he's getting eat it and we and and [ __ ] it out and and and we show it the whole time we show the digestion they'll do that we'll wait 4 hours [ __ ] it we wait 4 hours make the movie 8 hours long we don't care have the tiger eat him and then we just leave the camera rolling on the tiger and then we wait have him turn around open his [ __ ] shoulder x forman that's the guy that's the guy that's the man that was eaten you didn't cut we didn't cut this is like in in in loving memory of hans something you know and you find out it was a documentary and you're like why is nobody in jail because of this like that [ __ ] uh who's the guy who did the bear movie where he grizzly right grizzly bear movie where he got killed who was that guy narrator yeah was that him was one of her her got killed by the bear okay well who's no okay they not him there was some guy that did a docu oh grizzly man that's what it's called yeah oh oh oh he didn't die the guy died right yeah dude dig his body out of the ground lock him up get that guy in jail you don't hang out with a [ __ ] bear okay you go to jail that's a i don't care what country dude it's like uh you know who goes to jail um who's the the magicians s freed and roy right don't they hang out with a white tiger put him in jail dude and not for animal cruelty idiocy warner herzog always has the best narration voice though right right here grizzly man [music] for 13 years that's not him was killed by one of the bears he had sworn to protect you know well i'm here with one of my favorite bears it's mr ch dude how do you not know already that this guy is just in so much trouble one of my favorite pars right here he's dressed like a guy with chap lips you know so my favorite bears hey dude here's a vocabulary that you should never have one of my favorite bears okay should only be one bear that you like and that's wiy the po man it's not a. real bear okay second one of your favorite bears. is a real bear among. real bears lock them. up but warner herg duke. so for those of you uh who have not seen. grizzly man um i'm afraid to. tell you he gets killed. by the bear and you do this. amazing aming scene where you're intercutting all. of this great footage that you found with interviews. that the attack was already on his girlfriend. apparently switched on the the camera. but it was so violent. that she that she dropped the camera. and the lens cap was still. on i just it's like it's it's austrian or what. he's on a sce basically but like sexier he's sexy. arnold schwarzenegger is what. he is but the landscap was still on and the tripod what happened. was he was a man. who hang out with a bear. and his pair was one. of his favorite pairs ate. him of course we should look him. up so now what we're trying. to pass is the um law. if somebody talks about a bear too much we lock him. up even chicago bears. we um we we put so by mistake. we lock up um uh the chicago. bears and the fans but i'll have a documentary. about uh locking up. the chicago bears and the tape. runs for the next six and a half. minutes till the tape. ends and you hear timothy treadwell screaming. at some distance no emotion. no emotion and you hear timothy treadwell screaming. at some distance is getting. dis unbowed the bear the bear is eating and chomping and chomping and chomping and [ __ ] and putting his in in his anus and [ __ ] and chomping um and eating and chomping and stealing his girl and and and just robbing him of every uh every every experience of life it is now uh the bear's experience uh the bear is moving into. his uh apartment the bear is making the bed. the bear is eating his food. and redecorating his walls with the wallpaper. that he likes and um making friends. with the neighbors inviting them. over for for dinner not eating them. but making fish for them. and and basically adapting to. tristan treadwell's life um and i have no emotions about that i don't care i i made a documentary. and just left a film running. i left it running. at his house at the bear's. house [music] now so the bear lives there the bear lives there now and she apparently grabbed a frying pan. you hear her beating the bear over the head. with a frying pan. not going to work. you know jesus christ how terrifying. would that i used to. watch that [ __ ] like faces of death remember faces of death. dude you just watch it. at your friend morgan doak's house. and their mom didn't know any better. because when she picked up the phone she'd just be like mush. mushy and you're like is morgan. home i don't even know. where i'm calling the morgan home. okay can tell him to. call you when he get back. okay morgan never call back. you know but then you go to. morgan's house and you'd watch um faces of death. right and it was like the craziest [ __ ] dude cuz somebody would just be like beating the head in of a monkey and then eating it or dude. why did they have these things. at the vhs store at the at the at the hey for the people. that didn't that don't know. about vhs like the people that are young. listening to this podcast. you used to. go to a store to. get vhs tapes you you'd have to. like go to get like you know. a jun cl vanam. movie or like you've got mail you. just go to the vhs. store and blockbuster right. you'd rent it but then if you like didn't go. to blockbuster if you went to. like a different one called. like odyssey video you could go and they had like this. section where it was like you. could like rated i don't even. x or what was it. back it was like rated v for violent. or whatever the heck it. was like it was just rated no. you know you can't watch it. if you're under 60 years old. you know because it'll change your life. they'll only be before and after that. moment if you're 55 you can't watch it you're too young it'll [ __ ] your your brain. up right but it was faces to. death but you're always there. was always a 12yearold you know. you were 12 but the older. brother could get it. oh what the [ __ ] really he got faces. of death and then there was the ripoff. traces of death and it's like come. on dude just name it something. completely different but it would be like a guy. blowing his brains out. another guy like getting beheaded. by a bear and i'm not even bullshitting. these were actual things that happened. i saw a guy get smack. his head got smacked off by. a bear the bear was just like and just smacked his head. off he's like come here. bear come here and just smacked the [ __ ] and it's not grizzly man. you know and and it's just like you're watching that. at like at you know. 13 and i'm like morgan let's turn this. off and he's like yeah but it's crazy. and i'm like yeah i know it's crazy. i don't want to. see it but watched it. all you know saw people eating. monkey brains for real there. was a monkey getting trapped and somebody was beating the fu. they go like somewhere in like you know. who knows some asian country for sure. and they just like put a a lock a monkey up. a little bit a little monkey like the one. that ross had from friends. and they just lock him. up and then they give him. like utensils and they just go beat beat beat the monkey beat him. and you beat him. you beat the [ __ ] out of the monkey until the monkey just until the monkey just stops going. you know and it's just like give them. a bigger thing you know. or or a knife but they're just like these tourists are. just like just like tap. in the monkey till he dies. and the monkey just like and then it finally just lets. out one little and then and then they go okay. and then they eat the monkey's. brains and it's like it's 1995. don't have video of that. at all i saw some crazy. [ __ ] on faces and traces of death. um and and and now by the way now can you even get that. if you're not on the dark. web do you know what i'm talking. about the the like you got to. download a whole separate browser. like t you know what i'm talking. about you can't even why. is billy right there he's crying. because i'm talking about faces of death. but like um yeah you downloaded a whole. separate browser you got to. go if you go on like look if i go to. here if i go to. faces of death man. remember faces of death. dude faces of death. there it is there's the guy. oh oh it's on youtube. okay well that's a problem this. is one of those things. that i watch now and it wouldn't even. be that bad you know. i'll be like oh this. is i've seen worse. stuff on roku uh jesus. faces of death is a 1978. am american mondo horror film. directed by john allen schwarz created. under pseudonyms conan look. sil a um it was banned. why is it banned it was. really banned to. be released on november. wait it was really planned. to be released on november. 1st 1985 but it was withheld from purchase. due to concerns of content. and protest from a number of animal. rights groups in which was of course. it was the n the animal. rights groups because nobody cares. when humans die. you know they're just like yeah but we don't want. him to tap. the monkey's head till it. dies i love how it got 25% on. rotten tomatoes hey dude give it give it a 100 hey give it zero. or 100 who's who's kind who's like i mean. it was good but it honestly. i can't rate it full tomatoes i i gotta go. because there were here's why. in the middle when it showed the guy. taking the rock and smashing his balls. over and over again against the bigger. boulder it really took a dip honestly. because i didn't think it. was a sexual thing until then and it just kind of threw it. in our faces i liked it. better when they were tapping the monkey until it. died look it made $35. million in the box. office and the budget. was $4,5 $450,000 um there's faces of death. to so hold on here. we go faces death. too let's look at this. on imb documentary horror this mov. continues in the same as v. food1 with short scenes of death. related material mories accidents police. work film tv crews all stuff. you can see on roku. right now literally right. now in between kleenex commercials. and verizon [ __ ] um i love i love roku. no uh not roku is. roku the one what's the one. that i watch tuby tub. is the one where you can. watch and i love it. because you get to. take breaks and you can be watching the most violent. [ __ ] and then it's just like can you hear me. now the verizon guy comes in and you're like oh yeah. they have commercials um some of the material. are more likely fake some not as likely. yeah i remember that too. but still it was wild. though face of death three oh. let's look up traces of death. traces of hell yeah. there it is ripped. it off and then trac death. two and then traces of death. three and then trac of death. four yo come on. dude why so it was the same. thing traces of death. is a collection of archive. film and borrowed stock footage notorious for his pointless. explorative um content in its opening. you see the the death. of a woman named marita. martin who was gunned down. by her exhusband on spanish language television. k k that's horrible. you know we then witnessed british. sas troopers storming the it iranian. embassy in 1980 this. is followed by police chase of a criminal in a pickup truck. in the deadly finale. it goes to. the fidge of animal experiments with a grizzly scene of a live. pig being burned alive with a torch k don't need to. experiment with that you know hey it burned. okay so we got the uh the stuff. we got the data what happened i burned um it was horri. it was horri it was horrific. but uh we put on a turkey. sandwich and honestly it tastes. really [ __ ] good so so we are then shown a very graphic presentation on a male to. female sex change operation. dude i remember that i saw that. ah oh man this is crazy. the film opens with a dis with a disclaimer saying the producers considered putting a tone before. and after each gruesome scene. warning the audience however do the entire film being gruesome the idea was dropped okay you know put you [music] know oh god slower side stuff. oh come on dude oh god. i don't even want to. say these things the film ends. with an advertisement to. send in $5 to. receive 125 page catalog. to buy tshirts. buttons and real human bones. and skulls you know they didn't bury the lead. there did they so here's the you. know you had to send away. for it there was no internet. so if you send him $5. we'll send you the catalog. and it's great dude. you get the merch. you know get the tshirts get the buttons uh and there's a lot. of great things on there. you know we got tred the hats. and all that stuff anyway. um and oh and you can also get uh you can add it. to card at the end of the cb bones and skulls. but anyway let's look it. up youtube dot com it's great. website for videos um faces of death. look dude there's a movie coming out. called never let go. with hel berry how did i not know that i should have known. that already just i should have deduced. everything that happened in life already up. until this point in my history what i've seen and known that. in that soon there will be a movie called. never let go with hal berry wh. why not of course sometimes. i feel like you can guess. what the next person you're going. to meet looks like too. because of all the data you have in your head. here we go faces of death. oh i mean it's just it's just on. youtube dude how is this. how the [ __ ] is this okay. but we get [ __ ] flagged for saying. you know and they got faces of death. they got i can't even say. sl side and they got people shooting themselves. with a bow and [music]. arrow there is a continual balance. that must i mean you know. dude so old not 19. inable balance that must be [music]. maintained in in the jungle the death. of one creature ensures the existence. of another deep within the amazon. basin exists an indian. tribe known as the jaras. to content with their domain the s isolated. from modern civilization now they will tap. a monkey's head until it. dies it takes about 35. tops for each of them there's six of them. so that's 6times 35 until the monkey stop screaming. and that is when then they eat the monkeyy brains. that is the dearo cheering. the monkey grains and now. they're eating it washing it. down with a monkey's blood jbarro uh one. of the funniest things ever. was [ __ ] dennis miller. came out once of his show. that show that old show. on hbo and the first thing. he said was he comes. out for this monologue and the first thing he says everyone collaps ladies and gentlemen. welcome dennis uh um miller. and he comes out and he goes jumanji. and everyone just starts laughing. and he goes dude. i thought that [ __ ] was so funny. dude let's see if we can find it. jumanji dude that was so funny. to me like cuz [ __ ] that stupid name um uh uh dennis biller tv show. 1992 jumanji oh god it's not going. to happen is it no. no no wow the dennis miller. show tom hanks was on. it dude how about how chad. hanks i hit him up. because it was too. funny he wrote he wrote on. instagram that his dad. texted him tom hanks and he texted. him big man can you explain. the drake kendrick lamar. feud to me tom hanks. sent that to his son. which is hilarious and then chad. hanks wrote yeah so drake. and his other dude. j coob him saying you know. paragraphs wrote to tom to. tom to his dad. and he was like yeah and so kendrick basically. won and then tom han wrote holy. cow those are fighting. words uh these are fighting. words people taking sides who's winning. and then he's like did you just read. what i just said and i i wrote him. and i was like dude. this is not true come on. and he said what do. you mean you think drake one. and i said no man. i mean did your dad. really text you this. and he wrote what did you say. come on what' he say on god. yes bro on god and i go wow. that's hilarious how old is tom hanks because my dad's 76. i don't i don't even know. if he didn't even if my dad. knows who who who kendrick lamar. is there's no way. my dad knows so kendrick lamar. is okay oh yeah well he's 10. years younger than my dad. okay um good actor huh. i don't know man got look at this. here oh terence harry did jo rogan. and that's wild because ter. terence howard is just wild. he's either a genius or is just immune. to [ __ ] what play play play play i'm pissed. dude play come on man. these studios these studios really really we got to. update these studios dude. which means i need to. buy a new comp computer. is all i needs is just immune. to [ __ ] okay when [ __ ] hits me i'm go oh i know what this is you'll see hydrogen sitting all the way over there by itself self but they don't show that hydrogen has the same tone as as carbon what do you mean by tone same tone. same key of same key of. e 40.5 herz the next one. would be like um 81 hertz. you go to silicone it. will double up and would be 162 hertz. you'll go to. to to cobalt and it'll be 324. hertz it's you know. in that base if you were to. dude i heard a guy. saying this honestly today in a tent. outside of third and crescent heights like this. is something a homeless. guy says and nobody listens to. and but terrence howard is saying it. and he's got an oscar. you know what i mean. or like an oscar. nomination and take the angles. of incidents y or the tones that. they create y you know. their color like you can. turn color back into. sound dude if i was on the other side of the thing. just doing that and brewing them. the p it's the same. wavelength it's just twice as long or much longer. so all you have to. do is keep dividing. light oh by two keep that up. jim you keep dividing. light by two and you'll ultimately get back. to the audible sound of it. because ah dude hey oh but no yeah. see dude i don't know what it. takes to be like jo ran uber successful. like for interviewing people i could never do. it like theo von killing. it i don't care how you because you either. have to sit across from somebody. like this or you have to. sit across with somebody who's telling you something. that actually makes sense and then you're like but i'm i just want. to think of what is going. on in my head you know. it's so there was a relationship between light and color sound and tone matter. and shape like you can turn color. of it matter in shape. then he says one. of the most interesting conversations. i've ever had with the great. and powerful terence howard it's a. wild one and i'm sure there's going to. be a lot of mixed. reviews uh but as crazy as some of the things this. man is saying are he's clearly brilliant. and he's right wow okay. so wow and if he's right. it's going to. change the world so he thinks he's brilliant. jesus christ well [ __ ] i'm an idiot i mean rogan's smart. for sure my personality that is just immune. to [ __ ] when [ __ ] [ __ ] hits me i'm go oh i know what this is you'll see hi dude that's a [ __ ] hardcut dude um i don't know you know i i that you get so big where maybe you have to. just like be like yeah this. was great i mean i'm sure look it. was definitely interesting but wow. that's unbelievable divide light. you know what you divide two. um the iranian president. died in a helicopter crash. i don't know man is it. is that good or bad. it's bad bad dying is always bad. but it's like does it help. america i don't know i i don't want to. interview anyone about it that's what. i think about it's like uh i don't know. i guess i'm a bit of a nihilist. but it's like dude i see theo. von interviewing like a guy. and i don't i mean his podcast. is so successful and i'm just like i don't. want i don't want to. interview that guy and i don't want to. um how do you have a conversation. with somebody for [ __ ] two hours about that is the thing. i would ask rogan. about like how do you i was like if you had all the money. in the world would you still do. the podcast and he said i think i would still do. it but i just wouldn't do it. as much and i was like really he's like yeah. because i love having conversations. with people and i'm like i guess. that's where we're different i. mean i like to. have conversations with people but not about big. issues i want to. talk to them about why they like the pants. they're wearing and that stuff. does that's you know. i'm i'm a niche audience. you know like there's no no. nobody's going to i'm never going. to make make you know $200 million. on spotify because i want to. talk about you you know. how much bacon you eat and it's just like that's fine. i guess what is borg drinking. and why is it a dangerous. trend borg bl uh excuse. me blackout rage gallon refers to. a concoction often prepared in a gallon siiz plastic. jug jug it typically contains. vodka or well we know. it's dangerous or other distilled. alcohol water a flavor enhancer an electrolyte powder or drink okay well we know. why it's dangerous because of all. that stuff right dude. so unappetizing a borg if you haven't been to. a party lately. and h if if you've been to. a party and had seen someone drinking. a borg you're likely not part. partying with college students. uh and if you have no idea. what that sentence even. means you're probably not a member. of generation z hm. the acronym borg stands for blackout. rage gallon dud or the borgs. give me according to. the national capital poison center. in the ter refers to. a concoction often prepared in a gallon siiz plastic. jug that typically can change. vodka or other yeah i already. read that part other okay. okay um outside day. party oh come on a flavor. enhancer and electro powder electrolyte powder or drink borgs. are often drunk at outside day. parties otherwise known as dirties. dude day party is fine. you know daries god the new version. of jungle juice whatever i don't know. what jungle juice. is it sounds racist though. they can't call at that now. they got a a borg there's so much alcohol in a borg that drinking. one can lead to. potentially lifethreatening consumption and alcohol poisoning [ __ ] um the large. batch drink is the new version. of jungle juice according to. sabrina gamaldi the creator of oh you know grimaldi's racist because that's what she yeah yeah it's like jungle. juice is so so racist the you're so racist. if your last name was grimaldi you know. that's because of them that's how are um oh god. the look at this [ __ ] sentence. the creator and editorinchief of online. lifestyle magazine the zillennial z. the publication targets the micro. generation between millennials and gen z. hey bye burn it hey that's me. throwing it away on my laptop that's me. throwing it away making sure it's thrown. away on my laptop the zillennial z. um instead of making a party siiz mixed. drink in a huge five gallon. drink dispenser a giant storage tub. or even gr the grossest. trend which was making jungle. juice in a sink or bathtub. ew dude you know people wash their [ __ ] in it that's why. it's called jungle juice. everyone has their own personal. drink at least that's lot. a lot cleaner it's intended to. get ex extremely drunk man i guess i got to. go to more dy dude. i got to have i'm to. have my wife have a my wife. and i gonna have a dy at the house. yo what are you doing. uh my wife and i we're having a dy. send out an evite send out. a [laughter] dite what's a dty a day. party you [ __ ] loser send out a dite what's up. with this uh king charles portrait that. was red as [ __ ] sup hey why is this so red aren't we trying to. combat the uh idea that he's evil. it's red um but it's not that. you know what honestly. who cares right it. is weird looks like it. was made from tomato. sauce right it's and and i got to. be honest it's a [ __ ] awesome portrait it. really is really like someone did that. to me i' be like oh man. dude okay i'm a villain. i'll be a villain. then um is bathed in symbolism no. [ __ ] you know did new york times says it's shock said is bathed. in symbolism yeah know. [ __ ] it's all red he's the devil. um happy birthday wyatt may. 25th rip from jack rip. may 25 rib what's that. oh may 25th happy birthday. wyatt may 25 rip from jack. go to holler. bab christalia if you want. to purchase a shout out you know um write. that a little bit more. clearer uh jack and and you know and us maybe oh guys if you don't see. lifeline the the my other podcast. it you got to. go look at it it's really fun. and really good and also we got the lifeline. live that we did which was awesome. um i'm going to. be in chattanooga i'm going. to be in charleston west virginia. uh irvine california de moine green. bay and then australia my australian run. and then oxar california chris dot com uh that's it for the episode if you want to. uh check out the rest. of the uh episode uh go to. patreon dot com christalia and you can also go. to the uh if you sign. up for the patreon you can get the extra. episode that we do every month. month there's like 40 of them now. on there or something so go. check them out it's just six bucks. and you can watch all 40. fantastic hours that you cannot access unless you're on the patreon. so thanks very much guys. [music] 