 don't want no short. dick man you got bad. breath you got bad style. you are just awful. ugly ugly ugly ugly that. song was huge dude. yeah it was always short. short man on the radio. on the radio so like just change the whole. list they made it about height. no no no no no no no can't grab the can't. grab the can't grab this stuff. on the high show rank. hello hello hello hello [music] hello you know what i i in hate even though. i like the band i hate when people act. like this about the beach. boys my [ __ ] god hurting his voice so so bad yes wishes he started an octave lower yeah yeah yeah he has nowhere to. go impressionistic way oh this. guy god only knows right it's magic. up high and i'll tell you that's number. three the climax i'll tell you i'll tell you top. note is right there sure about it. and um well you gotta you gotta look. you gotta notice where these top. notes are because oh you gotta tell you about the song. that's that's the point of this. song sure about it it's not there. it's to bring it. to me god only knows what grips. you're sure about it before. it lets you in on the message. i don't know i love how he talks. through it yeah i mean. i mean that guy and also a little fun. fact if you know the golden ratio that appears he is universe. and renaissance paintings a nightmare. to his girlfriend you know yeah. within this verse but now number two this. bass line now here's the thing. you need to. know about baseball if you have a d chord probably going. to be in a d in the bass nine. times out of ten. d chord really lets. you know where yeah right. yeah yeah if you can go chachacha we're home. but this starts d. over a it's wide. open it's different it could go anywhere. and chooses to. go up push against gravity so many sandwiches. would usually go here. but instead it goes oh. oh surprise himself incredible. irritable bowel syndrome again notorious even. higher up you think so much. only drinks milk resolve eat. sandwiches but it doesn't goes back. down really and before. a boat goes down. again apparently one is great. the magical debussy relaxing oh now. we're just relaxing now we're just relaxing he falls. asleep but in gravity concept the chord hits. his head on the camera's home. [music] that brings me to. number one which is the surprise. shits himself i mean every time i listen. to this song surprise me i can't. why do you still get surprises. a million times and i'm figuring i'm playing. it right now and i have no clue. where it's gonna go but it's also so inevitable like it. has surprising and inevitable like the best. of all art um the best. of all arts so soothing. but it never lets. us tell us oh it never lets. us come home what it. is son of a [ __ ] so magical dude as long and it's as killers of the flower. moon right this is the same. length as killers of the flower. i don't know what that it's the new. scorsese movie that's four. hours did this go. viral i'm so not surprised. oh and then this stupid tick. tock thing at the end. wow you know boom what a guy. huh and then it just and then you've got blown. and it's magical but it's nice but and there you go. i don't know and then you go up. i don't only know and then i'll be like what i dream. of and then we got there and then we there. there's actually beautiful what i dream. about you wow mr. [ __ ] kelsey hit the clock oh dude it's absolutely i hit the clock it's absolutely crazy. that that guy is a real person. and means all that and they go. here's the surprise dude when people talk. like that like art art. teachers talk about that music. teachers any teacher of any of the arts. they're it's just like we should get rid of art. you love it so much. and so do i that's why. i'm here in this. class that you're teaching that's why i'm here watching this. ticket but i hate you. so what gives you love. this art form i love this art form that's why we're both here you're expressing. your love for this. art form but i hate you it's confusing is it yeah it is confusing it's a little confusing you know what let that guy love it i think i love it he's got a great life you know um and that's what's up that's yet to. be seen yeah uh what the frick. uh it's may 28th. today is menstrual menstrual hygiene day. okay so that means wash out. your and tomorrow is memorial. day so it's like you know that's two that's more bang. for your buck there. you know yeah it's a big. one to clean out. your hihu and then also be in memoriam. well about the soldiers right. yeah don't be in memorial. because then you will be don't be a memoriam. someone who's dead yeah. so but you can sign. up for the patreon patreon dot com. slash lifeline luxury and that. means that june 4th. sign up now and you get the rip. roaring episodes uh for the patreon. and um you can go to. chrisley dot com also i am on. tour i will be in tucson. coming up pueblo colorado colorado springs charlotte. north carolina uh knoxville nashville a bunch. of different places so go. to i'm gonna be in canada. go to chrisley dot com. and get them tickets uh and uh you got a merch. we got the merch. lifeline merch lifelinemerch dot com. wear it love it go. to bed with it and kiss. it share it make everybody. you know buy one first qvc guy. if you want a oneonone session. with your boy baby. baby and booyah i'll make your life. better make those appointments at. mathilea dot com. okay cool uh you can also hit the hotline. two one three uh 9738095 or go. to watch lifeline dot com to. let send in a video anyway. how about how you said it. 80.95 and it sounded so messed up. that no one's gonna know the numbers. well hotline number is. 213.973 oops eight zero nine five. the truth is we would rather. have people send in a video so whoopsie so it's okay. okay well so there we go so you made it. now now you made it so more people are gonna call the hotline. not doing videos never wrong. that's a guy who's never allowed. to admit he's wrong. uh god only knows how i dream. about and then it goes you. so it goes god only knows what i and then it has a beautiful dream. about you right wow uh yeah okay that's correct um did. you know yep probably that i'm uh that's what you're gonna. say play guitar that um wrote it. out today corduroy okay. corduroy i've pretty much seen. a homeless guy do exactly. what he did um so yeah so all right. well you got corduroy on it. i love corduroy don't you corduroy yeah. you don't you don't wear jeans. okay i don't wear jeans. but i've begun to. wear at least other things on my legs. than corduroy pants so you used to. only wear corduroys correct now. you wear shorts it could be 105. degrees i would wear corduroy pants not shorts. but i still want to. do that however it's just sometimes. i'm getting older i get too. hot yeah i can't handle it. so i put on like a pair. of really big baggy shorts. like it's 1998 and you like that. because because it feels good. because they'll breathe right. no it's just i guess yeah if there is a breeze but it's like lighter. your legs don't feel like they're gonna melt etc. etc do you ever get uh. shorts on and breeze goes. on and it hits. right in between your nuggets and legs. that little area on either. side and get the air. in there and then you look you. literally go like this no okay the grundle is where i imagined. it when you said it. so whatever yes i'm talking about nut. nuggets lag to each their. own teach their own teach his own teacher. zone teacher zone teachers would be. a movie with harrison ford. welcome to the teacher. zone the teacher zone will be a movie with harrison ford. in 1999. are you saying the teachers own. or teachers own that would be wood. and then the teacher's own. would be with christopher walken okay but you know. the horror movie the devil. zone is a movie with harrison ford. that's why i said it. so i'm good with it. i'm good with that i'm good. like that i'm good with movies. like that okay right. so i don't even know. but i don't think so no i think you were thinking of you. were thinking of the devil's. own so therefore you said. the teacher's own starring harrison ford. what wow wow i hate that. yeah dude i said that. because of that because i would hate it. no i said that. because of the devil's own. oh yeah okay yeah all right. so anyway i saw uh our buddy. david sullivan in the show. fatal attraction i saw it. how is the show the show. was bad in the beginning. and then it got good. so now and i'll tell you what david's only in the beginning. it's not because of that. i think it might be no i think what he did. is he laid the groundwork. that you had to. and then the show got good. and it was because of him but he's got a big head and he's fat. he's got a really big head. but here's the deal i watched. that i also watched um uh that. movie last night oh. dude i watched a movie called rogue. agent what is that it shouldn't have been called. that shouldn't have been called. that no [ __ ] i watch it because i like the guy actor on it and the female actor on it as well who are those people who had better. bad actors gemma are archerton yeah she's great. yeah she's good and then the guy. in it is james. norton's regular who's that it's a great. movie they're great gemma what is she from she's. just a nothing specific she's just like a good english. actress another good show. and i can't think of what the heck. it was and i'm pissed it must have been great. this is way better than i thought. it would be it's about a real. guy who uh was pretended that he was an mi5 uh irish uh spy and he was just basically manipulating. everyone and just saying he was a spy. he was like trust me. i'm a spy just do what. i said and did he like his real. guy robert wash a couple women yes you know i know about this guy yeah yeah yeah robert spring. nuts how nuts when you hear a story like that. yeah i just like who are these. people that believe this. stuff you hear stories like this. all the time though. yeah and i thought about how if i was trying. to pretend i was a spy. how it would never because i was watching with. chris and afterwards i said you know. i'm a spy right and she said no. you're not i said yes i am i started. as a spy and i went under cover as a comedian. it just turns out i got really good and now i kind of do. it and make a lot. of money doing it but i'm still a spy. okay and you're and i have missions. to do and but she didn't. believe you no kristen did. not believe me i think i got her too late. right yes yeah unless you're like a really good over. six years and we have two kids. so yeah but do you have you seen. true lives yeah he does that. well she doesn't know he's a spy. exactly that's different but when he imagine that. he sat down and told her she'd be like that. you're not serious you're not a spy. right but that couldn't be more of an opposite. movie than what i said because that's literally about the opposite. of that i'm saying you can keep it. secret for as long as arnold. did she lies now. i get it so it's like god only knows and then the beautiful blood i see with that. and then here it comes we're bringing it. home without you okay. interesting yeah pretty interesting. okay cool well so i'm not a spy. dude i know that joke's on. you guys i absolutely when i was a kid. i wanted like real spiders. spy tech yeah all the with the fingerprints. oh yeah and the laser and the hearing. one yeah put the thing on you could actually hear people from so those things. exist you can from far. away you can zone in just like a long lens on a camera. and get the sound waves from like someone talking super far away. yep and i want that. oh so bad i would do that. to my neighbors all day. all day every day i would never come. here i would never leave the house. i would never do anything. with my time except listening to. the conversations of people who live near. me voyeur listen to. your neighbors every day. that how enjoyable would that be to. know what everyone's talking about i don't care. i don't think i would like that. okay honestly you're a loser. i'm not a loser oh. yeah it's much more of a loser. to be in behind your thing. like you know that's cool. you control you have all the power. you can hear everybody. you don't have any power. you're just listening what if they said hey remember when i killed. somebody it's the worst killer. dude hey remember when i killed somebody. no hey remember how we killed. that person and we buried. the body it so and so fairfax and behind the el pollo. loco dude oh man. you know i'm kind of hungry. man let's go let's go get a six piece dude. i will get the uh meal with the rice. and beans and just sir there's blood all over. you oh [ __ ] uh so anyway i watch a lot of great [ __ ] on tv all right man what a segway of all time do you no i don't watch yep tv the only show i'm watching right now so i'm better. than you and that and i'm surprised. i haven't finished it because i like it a lot. and it's done is uh servant. that's the only show and even that's over. so i don't watch anything i didn't watch the last season. all right well you watched. all three of the first seasons oh i watch it. dude i watch great tv. and you know who's the best. actress on tv and well now it's over. lauren ambrose is so good. in that dude she's the mom. the the i can't remember who it. is the red hair she was in six. feet under she's in so much. [ __ ] oh you like her huh. yeah she's so crazy in that. show yeah like she gets more and more and more crazy. yeah it starts out and she's already. insane it's great yeah yeah yeah uh we gotta we gotta we gotta watch that. we gotta watch that that last season. huh wow so boring you. know we gotta uh dude. so i'm dressing cute what the [ __ ] that's cute. i'm dressing cute i walked out. of the the house today and christian. was like you're really dressing. a lot cuter nowadays and i was like what. that's all of it a good. thing to wear what you're wearing. right now i can't always say. that and be honest god. only knows what i dream and then and then really wow. what about not the words. god only knows what i dream you. know dude so i just been killing. it just rip roaring you know. wow but um so anyway with the clothes you've been killing. just i don't know man. you want to. go and do a thing let's do a thing. okay let's do a thing. oh we see this guy. hello matt and chris one. kid harrington uh this is the update. for the friend on facebook. who was getting threatened for money. after he shot oh yeah random person. um so he took your advice. so much hair on your chicken. with this person told them. i'm not gonna pay you. anymore go ahead and share it's gonna be bad and they did um they did share his nudes with his entire friends list so friends family everyone uh everyone there size wiener real. nice um but i guess i should have given some context. in the last video. his parents are really religious. uh strict religious background. could have used that he still lives. with them could have used it. unfortunately they did not. take too kindly of this. whole situation and they kicked. him out of their house. oh that's horrible and they actually disowned him. as well oh he's not serious. so you know he didn't lose. any more money but now he doesn't have a place. to live and he needs. to rekindle his relationship. with his parents so no he doesn't any advice. would be appreciated no he doesn't don't feel. too bad i would have given him. the same advice anyway thanks. just real quick your parents. that guy not not kit harington but kit harington's friend's. parents yeah are terrible. people yeah okay those people are terrible. people and he doesn't need to. make amends with his. parents because they are terrible. people you know what they need to. do is make amends with him. yeah he's already down dude. he's already down on the on. he's on the mat. flat on his back. and his parents are like get out. we disown you he's already. got his dick. all over town yeah he's he's doing bad. enough dude how about this dude. send this to. the guy because it's that's brutal. man you're uh i i feel really i'm i feel for you and uh you're gonna get through. it and that's horrible. man and and i hate this. that this happened but also i will tell you this. much as much as it sucks. yeah your parents need to. make amends to. you this is not your you. know you did a bonehead thing. of course it's silly. and stupid but yeah and that's it. that's it that's where it stops dude. i cannot could you i cannot. imagine what my sons no. you i mean this is you're there. that's an awful thing. to do for a parent. that is so crazy. i can't believe how much. religion ruins [ __ ] like that you know and i'm not saying all religion is bad or whatever. i'm just saying that's horrible when somebody's that. that way about their religion. when you stick to. whatever supposed tenets of the religion. or anything really but in this. case religion so much that you not. only kick your own office. out of the house. but disowned them yep. for being a little bit of a horndog yeah. and sending like thinking obviously he got duped. he's not just going. out there putting that blast and the context. matters you know damn. he thought he met someone that. he could trust that was dumb. but he did like what is that. even like what is what's even. the reason what is their reason. do you think it's why. is it just like the family. shame that would be the worst. possible reason it's not even a shameful thing. really like he's saying it's just embarrassing i. have a sinner and i have no idea. dude i don't know i'm not religious. but this is why people with religion. this is why people this. is why religion gets a bad name. this is why yeah i mean. there are many reasons but i mean there are many reasons but these people are the people that give religion. a bad name dude. it's all about what happened. to forgiveness oh the kid's got [ __ ] booted out of his house. also i mean he need right. now is when you would imagine that. he needs you the most needs. you the most and needs people. support the most how why it's just you know. what it is and this makes me even. more mad they're probably so like ashamed. of their son and it's like a social yeah. i mean it's not even. like and they've got from they've got demons. too by the way if that's the way. they're acting oh dude i mean. god no god only knows and then we beautiful we bring it. back what i dream about you. that's when you really bring it. home but wow but [ __ ] yeah dude god knows god knows god knows. dude god's bo jackson in. this [ __ ] your parents your parents are going to. hell for that ag. double hockey sticks send this. to their parents dude your parents. send this to. your friend's parents mommy so convoluted mom. and dad both of you. are going to. hell double hockey sticks. and i can't wait until you burn. in hell okay well okay. you know you'll be screaming. my name begging me. to come get you yeah and i'm not yeah. and i'm not coming so yeah. okay everything got so absolutely not. coming to get you okay. okay i mean talking about kit. harington being in hell and people don't know. you screaming out your name. all right well i feel strongly about it. i feel strong about it. yes hi matt love you guys. so much um chris i've been a true. baby since the beginning. i've seen you three times in nashville. one in atlanta savannah i think um anyway my question. is well it has to. do with my bosses okay so they're british. i thought you said boston i thought this was very fitting. because of last week's episode. uh they're from england okay. one of them lives here. one of them lives in england. okay but they are always talking [ __ ] about americans. and it's funny sometimes. and sometimes it's just like really. annoying because sometimes it seems like they really mean. it and they're not joking. and um anyway obviously i'm american. yeah i just don't know. should i laugh should i say. something um what do you think about. this how should i handle this. it's just annoying and so rude. yeah um i love you guys. bye i mean if i was you. i would unload all of my true. feelings about the english. yeah yeah you're like oh we got better. teeth though don't we yeah they would be in tears. by the time i was through. with them because i got a long list. that's you yeah right. that would be great. actually uh but the truth. is if they're english specifically english. then you got plenty to. throw back in their face okay. especially right now keep saying that. but you're not saying no i'm seeing. in actuality you do okay. so if you what i'm saying is if you really want to. get down and dirty okay. in the mud still have. dragging them down you know. dragging them down in the in the dirt. okay that has water. in it that is now. mud still have not said anything. uh get muddy and dirty all over. the place and throwing it at each other. okay you have a bottomless well it's not saying the things. like what oh oh oh oh oh you guys. [ __ ] just saying you can say so many things right now they did the biggest [ __ ] bonehead thing in the world if you wanted 11 said anything nasty and dirty huh yes dude on brexit unbelievable. okay now we're getting somewhere but you don't want to. do serious stuff like that. well you know about brexit. what happened [laughter]. okay well google brexit well how about that you know how bad it. has been for your country. oh great google it i don't just saying i don't [ __ ] understand that well i guess what i'm saying. is it depends if they're if they're jokes. you don't have to. bring that [ __ ] up or are actually offensive. yeah or if they're just like dumb. jokes if they're dumb. jokes just laugh and be like uh whatever. they're your bosses there's no reason. to confront them if they're saying actually. i can't imagine what it. would be if it was actually. terrible about americans like whatever. could you come in here yeah. so i just want you to. know america is for [ __ ] troglodytes you're a piece of [ __ ] you can't escape america you're dumber than me. because i'm from britain. you're a piece of [ __ ] you're ugly and i'm better. well i mean if that was it. definitely laugh if he does. that definitely laugh in. his face ah [ __ ] um so yeah i don't know she needs to. send another video and tell us. what what they're yeah like how bad is it. because my instinct is to. say do what you first. said which is just to. laugh it off because who cares. if they're offended you specifically that's a different. story but if they're just talking about everybody. talking [ __ ] about americans. including americans like right. there's a thing you're going. to deal with in the world. not me though learn. to let it roll off your back. america well america trey parker you can't sing. america like that without just straight. up you know what i mean. so it's not even ah but yeah it's the piss. it's all good it's all. good but uh yeah dude. uh i bleed you know. these colors don't run and i bleed. uh red white and blue so oh wow. yeah white and blue i bleed. white red and blue red white and blue and stars sometimes. that's so uh stars sounds so bad. i scraped my knee and some stars. came out wow ice. cream honey no stars came out. okay well on a fire. hydrant you did yeah whoa. seems like there shouldn't be fire. hydrants anymore like they should be able. to figure out a way. to do it with an app right. you know what i mean. yeah 2023 and we got [ __ ] big ass. red fire harder sticking on the ground. like [ __ ] like the size of my dog. this one was yellow. so it blended in with the sidewalk. right so it tried. to hurt me i'm gonna assume hi. chris and matt my name is michelle. i'm a huge fan oh. yeah um so i have this friend who is joining. a roller derby team. and she after she finishes. training she needs help coming. up with a roller derby name. and she asked me. to help but i have no. idea um what her name. should be um some of the names. that other people have are like thunder snatch or like ghostly. dave you know it's a weird. random names um so i just wanted to. know what her scary thing. yeah roller derby name should be and if you are on. a roller derby team. what would your weird slightly inappropriate. roles chris you should totally come to. wilmington north carolina i think you. would really enjoy it thank you. i'm confused if this. isn't their name as in like they get an alias because it's fun. or is it the team's name. no they she wants to. come up with a name. for her okay cool yeah. that's cooler then team. names doesn't matter thunder. snatch uh what i like is. like the way they do. it with like drag names. it's like or stripper names. it's like it's like or porn. names too it's like a the pun it's like a phrase. or a word snatch but the thunder stats. would not count you. know uh like i said don't know. but uh what's like uh uh uh oh what do. you what is that he's doing but what are you trying. to say like uh why. am i playing on what these actually. are well but you're uh like uh it's like a first name. and a last name together. oh that's like a pun in in like like matthew. cox but like like a lot. of [ __ ] my [ __ ] my car right yeah yeah um but for roller derby it's like you want to. lean into like the tough thing. yeah so it depends on what. her name look. what maybe build it. around her name if i would honestly. just be huge [ __ ] wow and then here comes huge [ __ ] smashing into. ghostly dave oh no he's he smashed into. ghosty dave a huge [ __ ] just that's what i would do because then it would like the way. the announcer would do it. he would have to. say it like against the other person. oh no massive huge [ __ ]. slammed into thunder snatch they'd probably avoid terminology. like that not if it was coh. c what are you saying cohc that's how i spell it so they have to. say it it's not car. wow oh i see what you're saying. there you go it's like loch ness. monster cockness monster cockness monster you know that's a good one. cockness monster there you go okay miles long there you go but it's a female it's her friend as a female but no they also asked what hours would be oh okay what hours would be mine would be yeah uh what i said and then for a female um i don't know like uh fire. hydrant it will be cool. if you're a redhead like uh like something like that. like or um or flappy. titties you know would be cool. oh wow dude that may be a bad. one um there's something i'm trying. to think of hang on one. second okay he just takes six selfies and put it. back in just trying something i'm thinking. um yeah i i uh i don't know. i think that that would be a good. those would be good ones. um what i said here. we go here we go. they got one here they chat. gpt's making them here we go. thunder thighs vixen velocity femme fury that's a good. one oh like fanny pack there we go okay valkyrie vengeance dude. uh savage sisters hell on. wheels these are good derby. divas riot rollers queen city. crushers dynamo dolls yeah pretty good uh. i mean they're they're good. though for chechi we need to. just whip that up. real quick wow gbt is. very woke though it won't let you do anything. but how could you have an ai. that's woke they're just click that's not. that's not artificial that's not. intelligence they just design. it more and more so that it. doesn't offend people what they're struggling with now. in ai is like like there. was a period where like you. could learn how to. make bombs and so then but then they've included. words that are gonna maybe offend. people it's like you yeah it. starts out as a good idea. obviously yeah and then obviously it very just as obviously it. very quickly turns into. a bad idea you don't want people. making mobs but then also they should be able. to say we should be able. to have it say [ __ ] or [ __ ] you can't even do that oh really yeah yeah yeah that's bad man that is just the development. i think it should be no and it's like america. especially i think it should be specifically your name. and then a plan words. like like for chris it. could be like chris goes. piss chris piss chris garbage pail kid. piss awful awful chris or or like. matt in my case matt. fat matt you know that's that's cool. but you're not fat would that. make it better or worse. well that's a really bad example. because i would never use fat. matt but okay uh matt the cool. cat remember when madam mommy's. call yeah my mom used. to go you might have to. stab because you know. all the stats in a baseball. [ __ ] and that was that wasn't very creative. honestly wow i didn't like that why. didn't you like that because you didn't know. that much no i know why. because it wasn't about. you i mean absolutely why. that might be 15. of it but the whole 85. of it is i could look at baseball. cards too and memorize them. i just didn't want to. but that means nothing the part. that you said at the end. it means nothing because if you did. if you didn't if you didn't do it. i didn't do it then it doesn't none of the things. you said okay so why don't you call. me chris funny guy or something because you weren't. that funny i was funny. as [ __ ] yes i was and i am no yes cause you weren't. that funny boo yeah but yeah okay all right. all right all right that's stupid. did you see the people. your tattoos we're gonna put it up. people got the boy tattoos oh if you really no i didn't push about it. if you really love me. you guys would all get tattoos well. if you don't love me. started and want only strife for my family. and try everything i care. about for the rest of my life. my time on earth. rapping then go ahead and don't get it. tattoo so uh yeah man i you know. how many [ __ ] life rips things i sign. on people's arms and they go. get the tattoos the next day. you're not on tour so. what do you mean. though people say can you write. life rips i'm gonna get a tattoo the next day. yeah wow yep wow wow so you don't go. on tour though so you're not. gonna have to. do that so that's actually cool. to say because now you don't have to. do the work oh yeah wow i mean. interesting oh man that's interesting. wow okay that's what i do. now that's okay when someone's like it's not good. telling me something crazy. i go oh wow. is that is that true. oh my god i can't even believe it. oh wow so i do at the end. oh yeah right you know. okay how come chino andrew here from windsor ontario. uh i have kind of a weird. question for you guys today. and you probably have no idea. but let's see what happens. uh so i worked for the city. uh at the arena oh. yeah we have a guy who or down. syndrome per se and nicest guy. ever right don't mind hanging out with them. at work but somebody gave him. my cell phone number and now he just won't leave me alone. and tell me we're best friends. which he's an awesome. guy right yeah no problem. at all with him with anyone. that much every day. every day now he's trying to. get a hold of me. and without being me. i just not sure what to. do i know what to. do not sure if you guys have any advice. or you just want to. make fun of it. but no i don't appreciate. both of you and i don't either. i would never make fun. of this what i would do. is be that guy's best. friend even more than he wants. to be my best friend. and seriously i i i would actually i you know. i would hang out with that. guy yeah you would but that's not the advice. you want he's in a position. where he doesn't want it. to be happening look. within yourself and you might you might want. to yeah i would become my best. friend he would be so annoyed. with me by the end of the week. he would be like i don't actually. know you know well relax well no i mean i'm not trying. to be a dick. but like come on dude. you know they don't that you can. do an impression of someone. who has special needs and it's not racist. well it's not racist ever. or prejudice racist or whatever. wow i'm saying i'm just saying and i don't want everything. together i'm just saying you can you can do. an impression of somebody who has that. thing whatever they talk a certain way. yes you can do an impression. of their voice okay well they either. they either sound like that or they sound like it sounds. like old english people in the 30s. they sound something they don't just sound okay. what's up dude okay okay. you're not trying to. be anyway right but it's we all know. it anyway moving on from that. uh in a week they would be like i don't know. okay but just because i'm gonna do my own. thing he's not asking but okay. but that's what the best. way to handle it. in the if you're you want him. to stop calling you go full. on let's have a family. with the dude you know what i mean. no what you do is. you you're what you do. is what you would do. with anybody special needs or not. you can go up to. them and you're like hey man. uh i don't know how you got my number. but like go ahead yeah i'm the guy but you know. i'm a pretty private person. and like i'm kind of like maxed. out right now in terms of my time. i don't really have time. to talk or hang but like you know. i'm down to. talk to you here like we always have. be friends this way but like you know i i this. is not it's not really. gonna work out if you if you don't mind. stop calling me all the time let's go. car shopping tomorrow that's how that. would work well if that's how that would work. then you need to. be a little bit meaner because that's someone who's not. listening to you but like you you have to. treat the person like you would anyone at first. and if that doesn't work then you reassess. but what he's doing is he's giving like too much. extra like oh no what do i do. just because the guy has special needs. like start out by doing what you would do. to anybody you would think it. was like offputting and you would nicely go. up to that person be like hey i i don't. know where we got like i don't know. why you whatever i don't know. if you do things do it you know. right uh but yeah i don't think you need to. be like ah [ __ ] oh no oh no just because he happens. to be someone with special. needs you know in all seriousness. you could also talk to. his parents or whatever if that's an option. yeah if it's true. or like a sibling yeah yeah i feel bad. i know what to. do you know because yeah that's serious. yeah right right and i don't want to. disappoint the guy you know right because it's true i make a lot of jokes but that that's probably how i would handle it yeah yeah or block him and anytime the first time you see him bring handcuffs and handcuff them chain them to. the nearest thing that won't. move okay well you know. or the worst idea first one. is best got mad at me. for making fun you need to. do the handcuffs thing talk. about imprisoning the guy. um i actually would hang out with the guy. you know i know that yeah i would actually hang out. with a guy because i would enjoy it and have it. okay but i like to. hang out with whoever that's bad. advice as long as as long. as i don't want it. the only kind of person i don't want to. hang out with is somebody who thinks that they're too. cool that's the only kind of person i don't want to. hang out with otherwise i love it. i mean if that's what too. cool is yeah uh i do know. that you would but that's again. what a surprise chris once. again making the whole thing. only about him well interesting. you know okay it's my podcast. all right yeah yeah um you're welcome. that's that's that's what you do. guy [ __ ] oh wow hey crazy man ryan [ __ ] edit big fans loved uh matt delia is confused and congratulations listeners for a long time um we've got a question both of us have siblings with uh children. um that are a few years. older and what is your opinion. when you see you know. parents you know doing something. with their children. that you want to. tell them like this is going. to mess the kid. up or this is setting a bad. precedent or maybe yeah. or making like reinforcing like negative. behavior or like giving them. something when they whine i'm sure. you both have some interesting. uh opinions chris because you've obviously got the two kids. congratulations on that thank you um matt. as an uncle maybe there's something that you see. chris and kristen do that. you want to. speak up yeah you know. what but um yeah now that he brought it. up keep our mouth. shut um should we speak up. and be like is going to. mess the kit up. what are your thoughts okay it's tough it's so hard. to parent their own kids but yeah i mean there is if you see something like uh gratuitous like you could maybe be like do you ever wonder that when when you do that if that if this would happen because if i was a parent i don't know that might that might is that something that you think about or i read this thing you know imagine even saying that i know i know no good way to say i mean i'm sure you know your siblings both of you know your siblings very well better than i like what my wife does it to me right but that's what i was going to say people get so touchy and sensitive about this kind of [ __ ] more than any other kind of thing if you start even getting close to telling people how to parent yeah it's even like a thing like you don't tell me how to raise my kids yeah it's like almost an expression in america at this point yeah you know what i mean like true everybody's so like i know what i'm doing you know and it's just like for those people need to relax but the reality is they're not gonna so i wouldn't almost never do i recommend this but i actually think i might in this case i made it up that's the stupidest thing do you think so i think it's gonna stick in people's minds so i think it's great leave alone leave alone a japanese teacher no like i'm talking to kids or japanese children [laughter] yeah that would be like something that gets played over and over again in like a 90s dancehall song don't eat no short short man you know it really is all right you know who that yeah of course you know who that artistic the artist's name is gillette okay she's a woman obviously uh there's a on youtube i mean it's so weird that i know this there's a really underseen video of gillette playing i think she's in peru for like a peruvian tv show in some places some latin country i'm not sure but like there's like 12 year olds just like going crazy and she's just like don't want no short dick man don't want no short dick man and she's got like a raiders jersey on and it's just like it might be panama it's i forget what country it is wow but find it wherever it is. it's great bad right. i watch the whole thing. at least 10 times that's too much. huh brazil there we go. that's it oh dude. look at that they're kids. in the crowd only kids. dude zero talent you know also lip syncing. it's it's literally just she said. it once and they're just okay. well we're gonna get demonetized for this. i don't want no short. dick man trip a little short. dick so gross. she's a 10 year old dude. shrivel short dick man dude shriveled rude all right enough of this you know this song is so rude i know like that's so [ __ ] don't want no short dick man you got bad breath you got bad style you are just awful don't want no short dick man ugly ugly ugly ugly weird nose don't don't below yellow teeth you always smell like [ __ ] dude uh just so bad for you young kids out there watching that song was huge dude yeah radio smash hit always on this is so big the opposite of short it was always short short man on the radio on the radio so like just change the whole. list so they made it about height. number one or short. short guy even worse. dude don't want someone below average height. don't don't don't don't don't don't can't grab that. can't grab the can't grab the stuff. on the high need us. to [laughter] oh [ __ ] he'll probably talks like this [laughter]. [applause] dwarf dwarf dorf is his oh man. all right well yeah i mean that. is actually worse that's hilarious. there's nothing you would laugh. at more than that. very true wow um all right. yeah i i forget what was. the question what the question. was i forget everything about it. oh i don't even know. what the person was it. was the couple the ones. that made a movie okay. best editing goes to. it was for sure the people who directed it. also directed another earth that one said that's 2006. so don't tell him. anything no touchy touchy touchy no touchy don't tell him. anything uh yeah be really careful. be really careful. and just maybe don't you have each other. like you can talk you guys. can talk about it endlessly. and get your [ __ ] out yeah to. each other about one another siblings. and like that's super healthy for. you guys to talk. about it amongst yourselves. but like and i'm not saying absolutely do. not it might be better. if you did but like it's such a huge risk. to take people are just absolutely mental. about their yeah i mean your children. you could try it. once and then see if they take too well if they don't never ever. ever do it again. to that person you're taking a big. risk even if you're taking a big. risk you're taking a big risk. risk um i don't know man. that's a [ __ ] weird thing. huh people get crazy. question though good question it's a really good question. because it's a hard hard. question all right just remember though. just remember to. not touching not touching not touchy okay. matt and chris uh i want to. know how you guys feel about. eating outside uh when you go. out to eat eating. on the patio or whatever. you came by people i hate it. my wife loves it. the reason i hate it. is because one out of every 150 days it's good. to eat outside it's the perfect. temperature because there's no wind blowing everything. around the sun isn't [ __ ] beating in my eyes. and just distracting me. and that's great cars. making loud noises so maybe one out of every 150 days it's really nice to. eat outside 49 days. uh eating inside is. as nice as you're gonna. get one every 200 days uh i'm interested. to hear what you guys. have to say because you're in california. so the weather is pretty much always nice. but and yet so jealous. uh we were in texas. for a long time and now we're in kansas. city and usually eating inside. is the best option yeah that's definitely true. i want to. know how you guys feel thanks. it's i got i got two things. to say about it it. almost makes you wonder if he's heard you. or i speak about this. before yeah i feel like he did. it for us because he knows yeah well we don't like eating. outside yeah and we don't. like eating outside because of the temperature. thing it's usually too sunny or too. cold or something the tiniest. cold wind will ruin ruins. it a lot of things. but here's the [ __ ] real thing about eating outside. oh food tastes different outside. stupid guy thing to. say no it [ __ ] tastes different dude. you grow up eating. inside you get used to. the air inside you open. your mouth the air goes inside. you eat the [ __ ] the air. and the food mix and you get used. to that taste you go. outside and you eat the same. thing you get the outside. breeze in your mouth. and you eat it. with the outside breeze and it. tastes different not what you're used. to and not as good and and that's that. you completely made that up. no i've always been thinking that. utterly not a thing though. no food whether you've thought that. a long time or not it's mondo wrong. it's not mondo wrong it's completely. mondo wrong all right well there. are two stand up. for the comments do do foods eat taste. different outside okay but it is is that. so many elements are out. of control no i don't mean. like oh so chaotic. i just mean it's not a control. oh my animals keep [ __ ] on me. it's everyone's it's not a controlled. environment like inside is you. can control the environment inside. but not outside wind bugs. bugs are the worst part. you'd even mention bugs. dude flies how many times are you. eating outside going like this. yeah it's like it's like the whole. thing yeah bugs come yeah. because it's free [ __ ] food. for them here's why i don't like eating. outside i don't want to. share my food with bugs. yep you're eating it and i'm gonna if i eat outside. it can't help it. and they they lay eggs in your food. and you eat them. and then the the flies are born in your mouth. families of flies inside. your body if you eat outside. your family it flies in your body. so that's great and then as they grow your life. ends and eight huge bugs. fly out wow and look what you've done. seen so much john carpenter. movies look what you've done. who's the guy that did the fly. to the world david cronenberg. david cronenberg is what i meant. uh the better thing to. mean because that's it. makes more sense yeah i know. good correction so it's fine. all right once again forgot. what the question was yeah. i don't remember eating outside. oh yeah no so it's not for me. and dude it's something that people always want. to do because they think it's a good. idea and then they don't realize when they're doing it. that it wasn't a good. idea because they just are they're hooked on. the idea of it but here's something. that you don't understand. i figured it out. here's something that you don't. understand i do understand it. probably you're not always right. because uh people who aren't you like to. do other things so your biggest mistake. and this is what makes you an idiot. right is that you think everyone. is just like you and if they deviate if they deviate. from it in any other way. they're like there's a reason. why [laughter] long story short. you're dumb no yeah dude. no yep this is a fact. of life you're done. yeah i quit okay [music]. i quit mr white there's still a dog. on me mr white yeah. oh isn't it mr. white yeah equipment right. i quit how much is that the worst. acting but the best act yeah. you know what i mean. yep thank you jonathan. shake how do you say. his name dude. check shake shake yeah so many songs in this. episode all right you want to. do another one yeah okay. cool he's not ready though. right what another one in the game. yeah so i'm a probation officer. for my county hell. yeah usually when people come see me. they're not the happiest right. yeah so i was wondering if either of y'all. had any kind of oneliners that i could use to. kind of relieve some of that. tension during our meetings uh matt. you're funny as hell man. uh chris i'll be coming. to see you at the altria. theater in richmond hell yeah. hell yeah and i can't. wait for the show man oh good see y'all. um i think the joke. to make is a specifically about what. he you're calling in about which is that. like everybody who comes to. see you is so miserable so you either. make a joke about how you're miserable too or you. make or the joke. is about how much fun they're expecting this to. be you know like tampering down. their high expectations like i know. you're excited to. be here but like something like that. like like a conversational not like a joke. joke though yeah but just something to. cross the road so it's okay. i thought oh those were two separate. beginnings of jokes yeah. i thought you were saying why. did the chicken cross the road. and then the thing about oh no. the jew okay bad chickens love. juice well it's bad anyway so that would be bad. is implicit okay okay okay um chickens. i don't want you to. think i i don't want you to. like make a joke. to these people because they'll sniff that. out they'll be like oh this is a joke. he says to. everybody yeah but if you make it a conversational thing. what the reason they're acting like that. is because they think you're gonna be a huge [ __ ] [ __ ] yep and ruin their lives for the next amount. of however long they're on probation. for yeah so at least signal at the outset. right that that might not be the case. so i bet you that goes a really. long yeah true and years. ago you either do that. or you go full on. dick mode and this way it's so silly. and that they understand. basically so it can go two ways. we can either do this. and my sunglasses stay on the whole time. or they might come off. but what i'm telling you right. now is don't make me take off. my sunglasses but then where you been the past. day but they wouldn't laugh. because they'd be too like it's too. much of a risk to. be like this guy's killing kidding. okay now check this out you take the sun. goes off after that and you do like some like kind of weird. thing or like you paint. the eyeballs yeah eyeball. slinky things all right you gonna make me. take these off i'm gonna take these off yeah. take them off yeah yeah and you're like all right. now that's just a little joke. for you now let's get down. to business where are you. gonna pass no let's get back. into business then you sit down there's a whoopee. cushion under your butt. that's another joke for you. and then and then you say okay. now yep just kidding. i was a whoopee cushion. where you been last day. no i'm just kidding now. where you been about last. month's here anchor bracelet. all right cool let me download that info. all right come on uh yeah. i think at the beginning. make it i mean this. is hard to. do but as much as you can at the outset. like put you together. in league in some way. even if it's a complete joke. but like put yourself put him in your boat. or make it seem like you're in his about this. [ __ ] like you guys are gonna do this together even though i know you think it's gonna suck or whatever whatever you know uh but the other question is then are they ever. not going to be super upset. and scared to be there probably not so you might you're this. is an uphill climb. so whatever you do might not work. no matter what because these are people on probation. you know they see you as the man. and their enemy uh yeah. i know i know i'm the enemy. well just know i could easily be in your shoes. if i did some [ __ ] hating and [ __ ] like you did anyway where you been the last day if i could think that's the last day you know yeah yeah they only do it in day intervals last two weeks where you been bucko yeah you cross state lines or what what's been going on don't make me take all my sunglasses that's pretty good you know what that he could do it it's just normal you know what don't let me throw up my sunglasses is from oh it's from something yep no but couldn't act like it's mine what is it the officer says it in that nicholas cage martin scorsese movie what's that movie bring out the dead yup oh ving rhames does it i don't think it's ving rings is another dude and he goes don't make me take off my sunglasses i don't think it is dude okay well we can fight about it youtube don't make me take care of my sunglasses is it like a bit player yes oh oh oh it's the guy at the door the big security guard yeah yeah yeah yeah dude that [ __ ] is so funny you're right i think it's that one yep yeah that's it that's it there it is that's so good play it again that push in i mean the person making that clip is just leave it dope alone they have a seat to. doc be out in a minute. please step back i've already told you two. to step back please. don't make me take off. my sunglasses hi dude. how did you remember it. went like this i remember the shot. that's incredible watches the line. i guess you're incredible. uh you're incredible i'm a brilliant. type of guy you know. i'm just a pretty type of guy. um no i've probably seen that. movie like a dozen times though that movie's good yeah you like how they did the scene in reverse that one though it's a cool effect and the stuff that stuff in the middle is not my favorite part but the movie's cool i think it's actually underrated people don't ever talk about it they don't i know it's weird right even when it came out nicholas cage was at the peak i know his fame and people were like huh it was weird huh bringing out that was the weird era for scorsese because he had just done casino and then he did kundun and everyone was like what is this guy doing then he did that kundun is the one about uh the dalai lama oh i don't even know that one so casino 95 kundun in 97 then bringing out the dead in 99 but after [ __ ] doing it i was like what is he doing also everybody hated casino too when it came out they were like oh he's just repeating himself and then he went so far the other way completely doing something new was good and everyone's like what's up with marty and then they put up bring him out to. death i don't love kundun. but yeah i mean it's all right. it's such a different kind of thing. for him it's like he chose. it for that reason which is always bad. it's not good yeah yeah. not a good reason. for choosing things yeah but like all of a sudden. if i tried to. like not to like i tried. to be like not like because my standup's so [ __ ] great you know i mean it'd be like if i try to. do something else i'm sorry. i'm missing i don't know. man i'm just trying to. brag oh you're going. to you're saying if you try. to change up your comedy. style if i just tried to. do something serious or something you know like you're doing right. now no i'm not i i could though. if i want to. do like serious acting right. now okay what happened. the boat crashed oh [ __ ] okay. what the [ __ ] are we gonna do it's great. but wait till i'm like explaining the whole thing. oh okay you're not the boat. crash and it was carrying both. your beloved your wife and all the gold. that you used to. own but now he's lost at sea. oh my god my family's one. thing with the gold too wow. yeah so that's what i was. curious which one was going. to be worse the gold. the gold is one thing. for my family do they do yeah. okay then the butt is cracked. why are you saying cracked. it's they crashed the whole. boat crashed it's not. that like part of it's probably. the writing then it doesn't have to. do with that ah okay. got it um do we have any more. one more okay one more what's up. chris and matt bringing your cardinal. rule i feel like i'm driving. that's okay chris just saw you. in columbus great show. thank you came in five minutes into. your set not my fault. didn't want to. do it did it anyway. missed a few callbacks lulu and denny. said how you doing like they worked there. i'm gonna move past. it anyway my gripe is people using the wrong. terminology we were driving. to your show i'm from cleveland. it's a twohour drive i was with my girlfriend. you wanted me to. put on the windshield wipers. so i wanted to. turn it on and she said hey pull it forward. she said pull it forwards. how do you pull something forward. so i pushed it and she said no pull it forwards. and i pulled it towards me so. i pulled it back and she argued with me. that that is forwards because that's the way. it goes but that's towards the back. of the vehicle just wanted. to hear your thoughts. i'm going to come. again i'm a true. baby hell yeah dude. cleveland i'll be in cleveland. soon explain you explained. what he just said he's saying he had to. pull it to him. yeah that's the move he had to. do and she said pull it forward. yeah you can't pull something forward. you push it forward you can pull something backwards okay. yeah he's right he's right. if she said i would have known. exactly what the person i don't. think i would have known i. immediately knew so that's how i know i wouldn't that. would have been of course. it would have been like you know. what i mean i'd be like i don't know. you said forward but forward. is always pushing it i'm right. that's what she should have. said he's right dude. but i i understand he is right. but i always known i would have known. i think people need to. be more specific honestly in everyday life. no you're stupid i'm not stupid. i'm in this guy's boat. okay hold on if she's if you were in the car. with christian and she said to. do a thing put the windshield. wipers on pull that pull it forward. okay you mean pull it to. me right that's what we say. why why would you have to. ask you know that that's what she wants. you to do yeah but because there's no other option. why you want me. to turn it on. right you don't want me. to turn it off. i would be like i don't know. what you're saying but why when you when you know. what she's saying when you know what she's asking whether she's using the wrong. word or not if she just said pull the lever. forward i wouldn't know what you meant. if she said turn the windshield. on pull it forward i would be like turn the windshield. on okay know how to. do that what they were talking. about the windshield wipers she requested. it she said can you put the windshield. wipers on he said okay. and then he went to. do it and pushed. it instead of pulled it. and she said pull it okay. so what happens when somebody says oh i couldn't care. less that means that i could care there's nothing yeah oh yeah. that's bad but then they're saying but they're saying they're wrong. actually i think i could care less. i could care less means. that there's way more things. right that i could actually care less. about i couldn't care less. which is the insult. which is that nothing in the world. could make me careless. people say all the time. i could care less but really stupid there. you go and you wouldn't want that. who are you know. what they mean or are. you people there you go. yeah exactly exactly i would but i wouldn't correct. them i would i would say just so you know. oh so what we're discovering is. you're an [ __ ] i'm not an [ __ ] i'm trying to. help them in their lives you would say you're saying couldn't care less but yeah to. me you might but you wouldn't to. like just some person you just met. yes i would you would yeah why. couldn't care less but yeah what do you like what. if i was [ __ ] up like that i'd want somebody to. tell me so i used to. say supposedly wow supposedly really oh thanks. [ __ ] you put a b in there i mean i was young. when i was 11. but yeah just adding bees huh. okay right yeah so anyway dude. i i i yeah i would all right. you know i get a stuff. to live with somebody. like that because it's like i'll pull it forward. all right dude you know what i mean. turn the [ __ ] thing on yeah but still my man's. out there doing the work well nobody do you guys tell strangers. that they have bad breath. no i've never told anybody they have. bad breath in my life. really that's on them dude. i just stay away. i can't wait you know. nah i've never told anybody but by your life. my life but by your logic you. should be telling people that because you're helping them. people can't change my breaths. sometimes most of the time. it's just like that [ __ ] halitosis [ __ ] or did you smell bad. sometimes it's halitosis yeah most of the i feel like oh dude. no but you can treat halitosis not can you actually. no you can't i thought you couldn't but i have no. idea an air freshener hanging out. on your [ __ ] thing um anyway i'm disgusted. at this point so i'm just [ __ ] disgusted. right we gotta stop this. whole thing is just [ __ ] all right. what sideways you've been doing most of the gross. stuff bringing up the gross. stuff so i don't know so it's all good. look thanks guys appreciate you leave. a comment share this. podcast it's good dude share. it you know what i mean. yeah patreon dot com lifeline. luxury sign up today we get started soon. and we drop new episodes. um at least biweekly uh you go on get me. on tour chrisley dot com. i'm gonna come to. nashville a bunch of different. places do you have a question. question click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. uh the hotline is 2139738095. i did it right. if you were paying attention. i did it right. great uh whereas you did. it bad in the beginning. right and then if you want oneonone advice with me. the corduroy boy mattelia dot com. wow disgusting what literally talking. about [ __ ] as i'm plugging myself. go to mattelier dot com. oneonone sessions with me with me. uh uh and if you want a new merch. the new merch. is beautiful it's comfortable it's sexy. and you need to. buy some or else you hate. us uh is at lifelinemerch dot com. it's as simple as that. you can't even forget it. thank you for watching thank you. for listening i love you. i love you more. than chris loves you and you all. love me more than you. love chris okay bye [music]. hello [music] 