 [music] runk colona bc vancouver. uh i'm coming uh rochester. new york dude i added new shows. check it out i added. new shows in yeah we got the corpus christie. dates we got houston texas durham. north carolina and norfol but um. i added grand rapids michigan fort. wayne indiana a place. called sagen michigan for some reason. v toria bc i added. augusta georgia and chattanooga tennessee. those are the um places. that i added uh just recently. um now so uh go to. chris dot com and get those. tickets get the good seats i only sell a 100. meet and greets each show. everyone's always like where the meet and greets. the day before and i'm like oh well they i'm not gonna i can't. meet everybody but i appreciate you guys. um go to chris dot com. and get those tickets. it's all new material not. from grow or diey. but you can also go watch. grow or diey at. christ dot com um anyway this is [music]. congratulations my son woke up this morning. crying and ran into. my room and said dad. i got a boo boo. in my tongue i guess. he bit it and i go son. me too and we bonded. uh and he hasn't said anything about it. since so that's fine. and i have actually complained about mine. so i bit my i bit. my tongue yes d it i bit. my tongue um and not in the uh what do you call. it sense in the actual physical. sense i i bit my tongue. but um anyway that doesn't you know. it's really neither here nor. there i'm excited to. get there dude i'm playing a lot. of cities that i've never played. before uh i think they're making cities up. my tour manager is making cities. up and telling me that. we're going there because i don't know what sagam michigan. is but i'm going to. go dude and i hope people show. up and i here's the thing. dude there's so many cities out. there and comedians play. boston austin and everything that rhymes with that. you know they'll do vancouver. they'll do tech they'll do uh uh uh you know. they might do el dude. i did el paso and honestly. uh they were the most appreciative people it. was it was act actually very sweet. and refreshing during the meet and greet. they were just like thank you. so many people said thank you. for coming to el paso. and people don't really say that. when you go to. their city because they think their city's the [ __ ] because they're in their city. everybody always thinks their city. is the the [ __ ] it's it's a it's absolutely bonkers. actually because guess what there are bad. cities did you know that. there's bad cities cuz i went from el. paso to albu kade now let me tell you something. okay we know about my storyed history with with. al albuquerque we know about my feud. dude it runs deeper. than the nicki minaj uh uh megan the stallion. feud okay it runs real deep. it's like on some tupac. biggie stuff right and i have i don't have beef. with albuquer all right i just tweeted. about it once in 2019. about how i think i said something. like albuquerque makes jacksonville look. like paradise and i was on the news. they were talking to. people on the street we we'. talked about this before. on my podcast go back. you know you can you can look at the videos. the rest somewhere just chrisly albuquerque. anyway i went back to. albuquerque why because i need because dude. i if i talk crap. about your city i'm still i'm gna. come even more so because i don't want you. to think that i'm i don't want. you to think that i'm scared. because i'm not dude. if i die on stage. i die on stage. dude you know i'm like one of those uh you know veterans that's like i need to. get back out there and start. shooting you know foreign. enemies i just i can't. that's my life dude. i'll get out there if i die. on stage i die. on stage that's the life. i that's the life i live that's a life. i chose you know what i'm talking. about but um so i went to. albuquerque and i was like dude. i wonder if it's going. to get because people i've gotten many. when i say many i mean nine no. i'm i'm i'm actually kidding it. was way more than nine messages. about comments you know. hey dude you better not come. to albuquerque i'll find you and kick your that. kind of stuff like like straight. up um that usually doesn't worry. me because if somebody's going to. kick your ass they're not. going to give you heads. up about it you know. what i'm talking about if somebody's going. to shoot you in the head. they don't want they don't want you. on guard right so they're not going to. tell you if i say hey dude gonna kill you you. go i'm you know what i mean. you get ready i don't go. i'm g to. kill you i say hey bud. that's nice do you like sandwiches. and then stab you in the face. right you think about sandwiches. you had no idea this was coming um so so anyway. um i went to. albuquerque and it's always the funniest thing. about cities that are are. bad are and by the way say. we want about it here. here's i don't und there's like a spectrum. right of cities that are bad. that have to. the locals will be like yeah but there's a lot. of beautiful parts here. you know like that's how you know. you're in a really shitty city. well actually there's a lot. of really good hiking here. right like that's what they'll say. and you're like all right. dude but yeah the city. sucks you know um and then and then they'll be like the the the more offended. you get the worse. the city right like if i say albuquerque. sucks people go yo don't come. here this is my city. [ __ ] you im matt do people talk [ __ ] about la all the time i couldn't care less and also la kind of does suck depending on your mind frame and who you are okay so just agree with me albuquerque. is what it is the crowd. was actually the crowd was pretty. drunk but it was nice the crowd. was good you know there. were a few people that. popped off we had a good time. i mean of course you're going. to be drunk in albuquerque. of course you're going. to do that because that's you know. that's it that art that. like art that what is it. like that me mexican art. that they have everywhere. everything's turquoise and like deeply like beige red that those. colors suck together you know um they do dude and they'll just have like a circle with like three lines. out the top three lines. out to side. three lines out the other side three lines. out the bottom i'm like that's not really like that good you know but that'll be everywhere. what is that thing who knows. what that thing is the circle. with the three lines. above it three lines. below it three lines out. the sides too and they just plaster it. on everything it'll be on just like the street. corners but also flyers. and like people will have it. just decaled on their car. hey dude that's just a circle. with some lines man. but they live by it. they love it and then they'll be like yeah that's actually i'm sure. it's like so shitty for me. to even talk bad about it. they're like you actually don't make fun. of that because that mean that's our ancestors are the thing. and i'm like yeah okay all right. you know right it's a circle. with some lines in it. anyway dude they were good shows. albuquerque was cool and i'll keep going. back to al albuquer all right. i'll keep going um and it was fun. and al paso was good but uh yeah dude i got a bunch of new cities coming. up and i'm going to. do them all and it's going. to be absolutely bonkers. i don't know rick ross. has a a plane engine. coffee table so it's like i got to. keep working until i can get a plane. engine coffee table i i i i what what what. happens to rappers dude. like what are rappers doing you. know what i'm saying like when you get to. the certain point like like nell's missing out. you know nelly needs to. what is nelly doing not on instagram. doing like what up. this is my house and like with a flamethrower. why is he not if he's doing that. he would be so i guess. i guess that's the thing though. you if you were making if you made that much. money why would you even do that. i guess i want to. stay relevant but rick ross. just made a this i'm going. to go ahead and play the worst. instagram video of all time. for you guys just because why not but this. is the uh this is rick ross. that and he got a a a plane. engine this i just had my table delivered. been waiting on this a long time. guess what i did this. is my amazing brunch area. so lonely this is my amazing. brunch area dude even having a brunch. area is crazy when you're like is he married. is rick rick rick ross. rick ross ross wife. hold on a second oh he's engaged okay. rick ross have a wife. and kids ross. would really engage no he's not engaged anymore. okay so rick ross is gay. cuz if you have a brunch table and you're not married. you're if you have a brunch. area and you have no wife. that's fine you suck dicks. and that's all good but you do that. absolutely right but guess what we did. i bought a motor from a 757. ainer that's right in airplane. a 757 airliner had the blades polished had the lights. inserted i could change the lights. any color i want to. had the taable top the top. glass cut this is custom this is a ricky ros. customization ricky ros request and this brunch. are is just for enjoying the finest. spirits of course luke b dude. it sounds his mouth sounds so juicy. it's making me thirsty is. that weird just has so much. drool coming out of it. mcqueen bumo von right in front. of my one of my favorite. fish tanks that you can see on both sides of the wall and wow we pulled it off shout out to. my team it's amazing. i'm happy i'm f to. have me a glass of uh bum. boo of course i'm going. have a glass of bum. dude him just sitting drinking like alcohol. on his me if you want to. know how much i spin on this. you know salute to. the team for making this. happen dude i'm going to. i'm going to ask. him how much he i'm going. to ask him i'm going. to dm him. right now i'm going to. dm rick ross right. now how much did you spend on the on. the uh um on the uh what what. do i say on the um rich. forever how much did you spend i'm going. to do a voice note. actually here yo yo i'm just cur i. honestly i honestly want to. know how much you spent on. uh the airline table or the the the air. engine table you said dmu. and i think it's like it's got to. be a lot of money. right but i mean it's nothing. to you but still anyway let me know if if you said dm you ask that's the first time. i ever reached out to. rick ross so there we go. we'll get back to you. there uh on that. and we'll let you know. how much he spent on. his airline coffee table. it's by the way crazy. that you can just reach anyone. huh dude i'd be so mad if i was rick. ross and chris deyah sent. me a voice note. i'd be angry i'd hire. a hitman you know like that's so that. is yeah that's i regret. that i did it but i'm not going. to unsend it um anyway. anyway um yeah i wonder how much whatever it is. what it is um the [ __ ] dudy thing is crazy. huh the the the the george carlin ai. but by the way is fantastic. and chad culin wrote. it i know he did because he's a writer and i know. that he did that and they pretended it was ai. of course and that's fine. but then george carlin's estate. sued him because they're saying. they're using his v you know. an ai generator voice and pretending like it's him. and i guess they're making money. off of youtube of this. thing which is uh i go. back and forth on it. like you're gonna use someone's voice. voice to make money. i guess that person should get the money. right but it's also not their voice. but it is cataloges of their voice then put out into. the world as them. so it is their likeness. their voice likeness right so i guess they should get some money. let's just figure this out um but everyone knows. it's not george carlin i mean. except for some idiots. you know that are probably like like i had a bit. on on instagram that was that. where i was said my son's my son's white. and then somebody literally commented like i don't understand. he's white why would his son. not be white is his did. he have was he with a mix race. person or something or like and it's just like oh my god dude. huh so um people like that. would maybe see it and be like no this. has to be george carlin but like it's not george. carlin it's chad couchin. writing it and doing it. i really it it's like the first of its kind lawsuit. kind of like i i just wonder i wonder what the hell. will happen but anyway it. was amazing chad did. a great job job. and then um and then yeah i don't know. what's going to happen. though how do you make how do you they're going. to sue him anyway. whatever there's going to. be so much fake [ __ ] out there it's going to. be unbelievable like just videos of people. i saw somebody sent me. a pct a video of a of a chick. on a bed in a bikini. and they're like this is ai. and and i and i actually still don't believe. it it's not they sent. it to me and i said no. it's not ai and they're like it. is ai and i was like no. it's not and i don't think it. is so there you go. i'm old i don't believe in the technology. i believe in the technology. but i don't believe the technology. is there yet so i'm old. i'm basically you know. somebody who's ad on facebook. that is like clicking on some military. guy's message because i think he thinks i have. a crush on him. or because he i think he has a crush on me. because he's talking to. me flirting with me and i'm going. to alope with him. and then he's going to. scare me out of money. almost happened to. my mom just kidding she's. married but you know. what i mean um so yeah i don't know. man just trying to. you know navigate through. life you guys are good. i was at i was working out. today and dude it was absolutely i. don't know what was going. on but i'm weak and i'll admit. it i'm weak dude. i tried to do. squats i'm weak i tried. to do sing single leg. uh rear foot elevated split. spots i'm weak i tried. to do deadlifts i'm weak. then i the squats. and i'm weak and i'm pissed. dude at it i'm pissed. at it man i can't [ __ ] squat more and i want to. squat more it gets me. angry dude whatever man. i hope people at the gym. don't listen to. this podcast because i don't want them. to see me struggling and know my secret life. about talking about the gym. on podcasts i don't like that. somebody came up to. me today and they were like hey man. i listen to. your podcast and i just got like genuinely like oh [ __ ] i wonder which one he listened to. recently i'm such a dick. i'm a piece of [ __ ] great. great great that's a tape. that plays on my head. great are you insecure. like me what's up um i don't know. i want to. talk about this is what i want. to talk about one of the number one. things i want to. talk about cu this is such a thing. we would talk about on. congratulations and by we i mean. me i don't and i don't understand. it and i'll never understand. it and actually i do understand. it do you understand. what i'm saying um barbie. like he here's the thing. if you stay offline you don't know. that people are upset. that margot robbie didn't get nominated. for barbie all right i didn't know. that i'm pretty offline all. right my wife is like have you heard. about this barbie [ __ ] i was like no what is it. she was like people are really outraged. that margot robbie didn't get nominated. and then ryan gossing did. get nominated and so i look it up. and you know it's 3% of the people on twitter. that absolutely make it seem like it's you know. an outrage which it's not but they are i i i mean. i can't believe their argument is so invalid. and their argument is wow. this movie did so well how could it not. get nominated for best. director how could it not get nominated. for best actress margot robbie when it was so good. made so much money and ry then ryan gosling. got nominated like they're like oh here come the men again. everyone loves men first. of all have you ever read. anything online lately men. men are the devil. okay so drop that drop it. cuz people don't you know. yeah okay men have some privileges. i guess but then so women. have other ones right. but ryan gosling is i didn't see. the movie and i should see. the movie but i won't see the movie. right so i'm going. to develop an opinion. about it because i didn't see. it and that's truly the way. to watch a movie and talk about it. nowadays but i ryan gossing is. great i'm sure margar robbie was great. okay anyone is lucky. enough to get nominated in that movie. that's probably not the best. one of the best movies. of the year okay. and just because it made a lot. of money doesn't mean it's one. of the best pictures of the year. okay often that means it sucks. all right you know what movies. made a lot of money. fast and the furious. transformers captain marvel these [ __ ] movies they're not going to. get nominated no one gives a [ __ ] about them except for like you know popcorn. eaters they go and they have a good time. or you watch it on your couch. but nobody's nominating vin diesel for fast. x cuz it sucks. cuz he sucks now. that doesn't mean margot robbie sucks. mar margot robbie's good but my. point is all more often than not a movie that makes a billion dollars. sucks all right and it's also not the kind of movie that gets nominated. really but ryan gossing did. get nominated okay so fine. oh isn't that just ironic. because the point that barbie. makes is how this and that. and the other thing and now it's happening. in real life that's what people are saying. now look at that everything. that barbie shed light. on it's all for not because ryan goslin got nominated. margar robbie didn't okay well check this. out dude what about that other chick that got nominated. america ferrara i think that's her. name even though that's not a name she got nominated. for bobby right what's her. name yeah she got nominated for barbie. okay so oh so you're leaving. that out so you're leaving. out that actually a woman got nominated in barbie. they actually did get nominated. in barbie it's just margar robie. didn't get nominated and you don't just want some of the you you don't want. equality you want more that's that's the problem. with equality right what is equal what is equal. what is equal if you have one of something and one of another. thing that's equal but there isn't one. of something and one of another. thing there's millions and billions. of things there's billions of people. there's billions of food. there's billions of cars. there's so many billion things so getting all that. equal is impossible all right people aren't going to. be equal there's going to. be different power dynamics with different. people and then also that has nothing to. do with why ryan gossing. got nominated all right. ryan gossing is great marel robbie's. great too but also spie it's barbie. it's a toy i think there. should be a rule that. you shouldn't be not able. to get nominated for a [ __ ] movie about a toy i'm sure it's goodish but you can't say what the [ __ ] here the men go again here the men go again of course i you know what i've had ku well america. ferrara got nominated yeah but we're we want them. we want more it makes no. sense the argument falls on his face. and most people understand that remember when they made the the movie a while ago. with that woman uh uh who got nominated. that everyone was like outraged. that she there was this. woman that was in a movie. that barely no one saw yes andrea andrea. rise borrow um and and what was the movie. nowhere girl or something to. leslie so this movie. just somehow got nominated because she's great. and she actually is a great. actress okay she got nominated. and there was such an and by such an i mean. the 3% of the people on twitter that were making a big thing. about this they were saying it was controversial. because well let's just call it. the way how it is is because she was a white woman. and people were mad that other people of color. didn't get nominated when she did and nobody even saw this. movie so so they bent. the oscars bent and did. an investigation about if they could do if they could have uh if the campaign. was legit if the oscar campaign. was is legit dude. an oscar campaign is about popularity. and money it costs you know. it costs like i think it. cost $20,000 to put your movie in for best. picture or something like it's part. of the budget it's a lot. of money hey dude if it costs. that much it's crooked okay it's crooked. all right the best the best. oscar goes to. doesn't matter it's crooked right. like so the fact that that person got nominated. they put an investigation. on the [ __ ] because they were like well there's a way to. get nominated and they kind of must have scared. around it if the academy. voted for her are we making our money. we want to. be making our money we can't just have andrea risborough. get nominated but she's fant here's the ar here's the other thing. she's fantastic she's fantastic. i get it if it was vin diesel. getting nominated then you could be like dude. this is a coc of [ __ ] because he sucks another thing. another white man but it's ryan gosling. and he's great see you um i can't. i mean all the awards. are such a croc of. [ __ ] it sucks and uh and you can put that on my tombstone you could put it on my tombstone i love this dude how taylor swift liking football. here how about this for equality. chicks taylor swift uh now because she is. dinkin kelce or whatever his name what's his name travis kelce that they have generated three the nfl has generated $300 million all because of dinkin that's crazy dude travis kelce and taylor swift dink nfl $300 million nfl travis kelsey goes and taylor swift goes uh and then nfl straight up cing $300 million ain't that crazy dude ain't that crazy so how's that for equality huh chicks just buying travis kelce. gear buying you know. cutting away to. do they cut away. to teror swift so much. dude she looked at the camera. the other day and she says she mouth. go away or leave me alone. or something that's gangster i like that. so now i'm a fan of hers. but it's just like that's it's just a business. huh right isn't it the craziest. [ __ ] everything's a business god that it really is disheartening. you know but hey capitalism but hey capitalism. what's up you know. it's all good i'm no. communist hey capitalism what's up. you know i don't think we should share. everything equ hey capitalism what's up. i'm grateful for capitalism. that's why people come to. my shows thanks very much capitalism. um but yeah dude. imagine dinking somebody makes the imagine you. just straight up start a relationship. and then you make the nfl. $300 million god d i would if i were taylor swift. hey dude guess what i would be the i would think i. hope she thinks she's better. than everyone i really do deep. down i hope deep down she thinks. i hope deep deep down she has thoughts during the day. where she's like where she actually thinks and feels. when she drives by someone and she's looking at them. and she thinks that person's a piss. an i hope i that would make me. happy if she thought that you know. you ever see her dance. she kills it um but yeah dude. travis kelce everyone thinks he's hot. he's cool [music] um and uh i don't know anything. about them to be pretty. honest i know nothing about them. i know shake it off. and that's all i know. but uh taylor swift huh. it's crazy how much love. and then hate she gets and people are like oh she's mid you know. you can't get to. the top if you're not mid. dude you can't get to. the upper echelon of you can't. make a billion dollars a night. on tour if you're not mid if you're that. good people the the the population won't like you because the population is mid. make makes sense makes sensational makes sensational. but yeah dude um i mean there's there's outliers and there's there's outliers that are big. and there are also you know. uh what do you call. it um exceptions to. the rule but also if you're that. big you know and she has talent. right it's not that she's you know. whatever but i'm just saying taylor swift. and hal hal bailey deserve their privacy. just like we all do. look at this look at this. [ __ ] headline on c on cnn. dude what the [ __ ] with cnn. cnn will have a headline. and it'll just be like chairs what do. we think of them. it's like this is news. you know chair chairs too many. that's a that's a that's a headline. for cnn here we go. how would you feel if complete strangers. publicly analyze all specs of your life look at this dude look at this look at this article how would you feel if complete strangers publicly analyze all aspects of your life and use your name in all manner of stories or product campaigns that had little or nothing to. do with you when it comes to. the world of celebrities there can sometimes be a sense. they belong to. the public yeah no [ __ ] okay been there sucks how about this though you doing [music] it. hey you're doing it hey cnn. you're reporting about them. you're doing it also als. al who's hie bailey i know. nothing is she on like uh she's probably the new person. on like they're revamping the teenage. witch or some [ __ ] little mermaid really who who but who's cares about what she's like she's not big is she big she they throw a fit when they yeah when when she got ariel right because she's black i love it make ariel black i don't care do it make i think every role in everything should only be black people i i think that 100% genuinely zero whes should have any acting jobs only blacks only black women too and they have to. be a man they have to. have a mustache like a fake one a really bad. fake one um yeah look there was quite. the upro after the new york. times published an opinion piece. which speculated about whether taylor swift. may be closeted as a queer. person you know look at this. swifties are are awesome dude. that's why i love that's that's why. i i i'm a swifty. i don't care i just think that that's i do. think that they should leave. people alone but they're not going to. so um dc drano tweeted. this and uh he tweeted. dear san francisco 49ers i know. we've all been roasting. your city for years. but i am offering a two week. truce who the [ __ ] is dc. dro some guy oh um a twoe truce no more. jokes about poop on. the streets and open. air drug markets no calling out. the record levels of homelessness. that ma magically disappeared for three. days to welcome. a communist dictator um none of that. for two weeks 99%. of america will be 49ers. fans but in return you must defeat the chiefs. this guy this guy's been watching too. much inspector gadget you know. he's like that guy. the claw claw guy. whatever if you don't mr. fizer and his girlfriend are going to. tour the country as world champions. helping elect joe biden. you know didn't check with anybody on. this just making it up. not going to work. world war iii will likely follow in a second biden term and million will die. the fate of the free. world rush upon your shoulders no. pressure bro people are nuts. huh also san francisco bro. i actually did see did. see someone [ __ ] in between two mailboxes when i was in san francisco once so i did and i go whoa dude they're making a delivery. he was [ __ ] hold it he pulled. his pants down between two mailboxes taking a [ __ ] grump and it was so gross. and you had to. hand it to. him when a guy's like i'm gonna make this area. my toilet and you're around. he's not like in private. that dude's gangster and you just got to. hand it to. him i've told you this. before la one time dude. by the way san francisco been that. way people are talking about it. now ever since 2020 like how it's bad san francisco been that. way it's a capital. of people crying in cars. it's a capital of it. you just walk by somebody in the street. on the street you you cross you cross the crosswalk. you look at the first car. there is a 15% chance that. person is going to. be crying just in the car. it's the saddest place. to cry in your car. it's the place i've cried. the most but yeah man. i saw people crying in their car. i saw somebody get robbed. i saw two people no joke. this is serious [ __ ] in the street they were both men that's real saw it guy pluging another guy on the street. not the sidewalk hey guys move. [ __ ] but move seen it don't tell me i didn't see it. seen it i have my eyes. i used them to. see it i'm still me. i remember it saw a guy. shatter a glass door of a. checks class checks cashed place seen it saw guys get arrested. seen it in san francisco all in the same. week and it was freezing. yes san francisco well well you're probably well don't go there. in january i wasn't i was. there in august dude. san francisco's always cold. so there you go. it's always cold and people are [ __ ] in between mailboxes and [ __ ] in the street and slamming uh doors and on check cash places and also crying in cars 10 50% of people are crying. in [music] cars yep. so that's what's up dude. but anyway i'm not here to. talk [ __ ] about cities even though i've talked [ __ ] about more cities in this podcast and i have in any other episode um i will be i am booking san francisco by the way so i will be there so come on out um i'm back it was so hot i had to. get the air pump and we don't have a v this from go. i should do that but it's i don't want. to whatever you know what. i was in i was in um i got back. from the road uh yesterday. from albuquerque i should have known. i i'm such an idiot this. is how much of an idiot i am. my so my friend skyler stone sent. me a screenshot of christen's. my wife's um story and said he uh tell your wife to. stop fixing your house it's fine. you know hahaa i'm like oh yeah. i know i know i didn't check the story okay. i didn't think about it. i just got that text. and thought yeah she's always doing that. stuff and then i forgot it. and then i came home. and the whole wall the biggest wall. in her house is a different. color now okay which is fine. but also check with me. but also i don't care but and then there is a legit. frame around r tv because she saw it. on pinterest or something. like she made it she made the frame okay. she made it she made it gold. and made it put it together. on the tv it looks kind of nice. i get home she's like i didn't i hid. you from my story i didn't want you. to see i hid you from your my story and sam. from my story who's goes on. the road to. me um i i i changed the house. and i go oh that's why. [ __ ] skyler sent me the thing. i didn't didn't think it's how dumb i am. i didn't even think about it. and process it and like you know i didn't let it. marinate in my brain i come home. to a different house. so she's watching we're watching the um the color's. fine it looks all right the the the the the we're watching on the tv. now that is now a a a picture frame. um we're watching the chiefs game. they played the ravens. right and i'm watching it. and kristen says it sucks. man this broadcast uh is not good and i'm like huh. she's like whoever transmitting the broadcast. it's getting it gets loud. and then soft and then loud and then quiet. and it sucks so say. oh yeah that's weird. odd because it's such a big. game that they figure it out. and dial it in yeah david sullivan. is over and he's like oh really that's [ __ ] weird check other channels we didn't she goes. in the other room and i look to. david and i'm like yo it's the frame. right it's covering up a [ __ ] sensor or something. some [ __ ] like that she says she comes. back and say babe it's the frame. she's like no no no no. it's been h it's been happening. she said before the frame. and i was like oh did it. and it and here's the thing. about my did it did. it hey no it didn't. and i know it didn't and and she knows. it didn't what so what are. we talking about here this. is [ __ ] why why don't we just start saying blal. floot because those are those make as much sense. as what we're saying right. now because it didn't happen. before the frame because the one thing. that changed since the volume. was well what's different what what. two things are different right. now the volume's going up. and down and there's a frame around. our tv that's it. that's it i'm still the husband. you're still the wife david is. still farting on a couch all right. those are the everything's the same. so you could argue that one. has to do with the other now. the volume going up and down didn't make the frame. appear so what's left. oh the frame is [ __ ] up the volume. but you won't hear it. so i say okay. hey look if it was happening. before it was happening. before sur you won't lie about. that it's all good we'll drop it. because i'm not going to. con what i g to. do right cuz also the frame. looks nice i don't want. her to feel bad it. actually does look nice so we turn off. the game later on we turn on netflix. the volume's going up and [music]. down he knew it. dude i'm no columbo. i'm no mentalist okay i'm no. woodward and bernstein but i figured it out. you know why i use deductive reasoning. with my simple brain i did it. okay the frame's still on it. it's been [ __ ] two days the volume's going. up and down yes dude that's so what it's like to. be married that is so what it's like to. be married you know what i'm talking. about you're right you're right. and it's not worth it. to even push it you know. what i'm talking about god. it's not worth it that's why. i that's why that's why i think like bro. i was on here here's here's here's here's a great. thing i was on tour. all right and my my tour. manager i was like i was scrolling through instagram right i follow a lot of crossfit people i i i see this uh crossfit woman who has got like crazy abs like crazy abs she has uh like it looks like the the the bread um the bread [ __ ] buns you know what i'm talking about just like popping out i i've like never really seen abs like this and i'm like god man this chick has the craziest abs they're really define and popping out and so my tour manager is like oh let let me let me see like uh you know if they're they're that good i showed it to. him and he goes well. yeah she she uh she she eats clean. and she um she works out. a lot and i'm and i'm like yeah. yeah i know they're but they're really. great they're they're well defined and they're they're they're they're really popping. out and he says well yeah but she's maintaining. it and i'm like yo i can't pick. something you would say that. would make me more irate. no [ __ ] dude i'm like i'm like oh yeah okay so what are you saying he's like yeah so i'm saying so i say are you not it's not impressive. and he's like no no. i'm saying so it is impressive. so then what the [ __ ] you say she works. out of course she works. out she's a crossfit girl and she [ __ ] eats lean of course she eats lean and she's always working out abs so what the [ __ ] are we talking about here and i did it and we got to. that level where i was just like in that zone. of like fun argument where i'm like if i were doing this. with kristen what end in tears. mine ultimately right so i'm just like man. that felt good afterwards. i thanked him i'm like that. felt good bro thanks. for letting me get that [ __ ] out you know i come home and i eat the frame argument. you know a it's not no. yeah of course it's not. the frame after you know i got it. out yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it was like it's like jerking off. so you don't have to. have sex yeah yeah yeah no i'm good dude. the frame is making the the the the the volume. go oh it's not oh okay. that's okay i argued with enrique. i'm all good insane. dude being married my first marriage. i was married when i was younger. i know i always clarify that. but um my my wife my exwife. decorated the house like honestly two chicks lived there not a guy not a married. couple and that's and every time she would put something. new up like a [ __ ] like a beastro table or like a a a uh uh you know curtains. that like i wouldn't even i would. i'm like who are these like so feminine. i would i would be like oh man. my place is like pussified. but then immediately i would go like this. i don't i don't care that's that. i can't think of a more definition. than being married as a guy. than that than being like oh dude. this thing happened because my wife did. it oh cares because it's not. worth and besides that you also don't really care right. you know why you're not a check right. because women do be decorating man. they really do be um every time. i come over from the road. something's different so that's cool. every time i come from the something. different i'm going to. be i'm going to. come home from the ro one. day and be like open the door. come in there. going be a different family. be like what the hell's going. on what the oh kristen. hey we did we moved yeah. yeah i was done. with that house i finished. it i created what i wanted. to and now we're in another. house get ready for five. more years of decorating whatever. and and you know what here's me. here's me all right they came with me. to phoenix i i i did. my phoenix show two three weeks. ago and um two weeks. ago whatever oh and i have the video. out the brian k where i cra. so i was in phoenix and brian k. was in phoenix just by happen. stance isn't that crazy dude. sometimes the lord works in mysterious ways. i'm going to start. saying that a lot now. and um he was in i was in phoenix and he was in desert. ridge which i you don't know. i don't know what the [ __ ] that is but he i'm always playing the actual spot and he's always playing like 30 miles. out of the actual spot so uh i'm like all right. dude sunday i'm going to. stay and i'm going to. crash your show and he's like oh okay. so i came on sunday. and he was like do a spot before. me because i want to. work my hour and i want you to. watch it and i'm like i got to. watch a [ __ ] hour he's like yeah cuz i want to. know what you think and i'm like i got to. [ __ ] pay attention now i do my spot did well it was nice sat down. watched about 40 minutes of his act. and i'm like i'm gonna go you know. sit with kristen i'm like i'm gonna go. backstage i don't want to. you know so i crashed. his i'm sitting backstage an hour and 20 minutes the guy does i did [ __ ] 20 he did an hour 20 and then another comic did 20 before me hey audience you're held hostage. hey you're laughing right. now because you don't know. what else to do. and by the way his hour. is good it's actually probably the best. stuff i've ever seen him. do but bring me. he wanted me to. come on afterwards and [ __ ] around with him. bring me on dude. dude i'm back there playing royal match. bring me on dude. yeah telling story after story okay. that's fine but then cut out. how you wish you could kill. a bear with your bare. hands you know what i'm talking. about dude hey leave that bit out. bring me on so i went on and we roasted each other. for a while for like eight. minutes i put it on my youtube. channel so it's on there you can go check it. out um and you know people are always like hey start a podcast with brian it'll be the number one podcast you got to. [ __ ] start it it's so funny i'd watch that instead of this and that and dude first of all not necessarily second of all dealing with brian. is like it's it's so hard. dude because you you're like yeah 3:00. and then at 3:45 he's like i'm almost there and you're like oh i'm just not i don't. you know maybe i'll do it. maybe in the future. we'll do a a podcast. but trying to wrangle him. is just it's just he's got his head. up his whole [ __ ] comics dude they're crazy we i did the show. at the improv last night. d david lucas's show at the improv. last night that dude. is so great and he's so funny. and he's he's starting to. he sold out two shows. at the improv i did. both of them and the dude. is just really uh blowing up. look out for him he was i think he i think he blew. up from kill tony. i think think but the guy's great. he roasts a lot. of people which is funny. but also besides that he's great. uh but both of the things. are great um and it was just a fun. hang dude you ever like you ever. go somewhere this is the best. right you go somewhere you don't know what to. expect it's going to. be not because you're like i wonder how it's going. to be but because you're not thinking. about it you're just like i'm going. to go and do that. thing and then that's it. you start getting ready you start. driving you start getting there. and you don't think about the thing. you're just going through the motions. right and then you get there. and then all of a sudden things are like oh it's that. guy hey hey what's that. oh yeah chicken sandwich oh oh that's actually really good. oh cool hey i'm really connecting with my wife. oh this and that going on. oh cool oh ohy it's like oh it's a nice new person. i'm meeting and then you got that. moment in your head where you're like hold. up this rocks this is a ill. time hey you know what i'm having a great. time right now it's great. because it's unexpected you didn't. know it was going to. be a great time. but the people were there. the hang was nice did good. sets that's cool watch some nice comedy. i don't watch it i didn't watch. it i don't watch anybody but like i guess. i'm i'm here to. just say like that unexpected good. time oh dude dude it's so dope. and it that's why vegas always sucks. because you're like [ __ ] yeah dude gonna win 5k and you know if you're single gonna get sucked off and then you don't and you don't you lose 5k and you jerk. off at the luxor and you're not even staying at. the luxor you know. what i'm talking about everybody. has a podcast now it's so annoying. god damn it it's so goddamn annoying. i got three is brendan shaw really quitting. standup i don't i i don't think he is. but he said he's going. to stop doing it for a while. um and uh and because of it. everything going on with his family. i i understand that dude. actually because um he needs you know. being there we get three kids. and then he had the medical. issues with his with his newborn. i'd shut [ __ ] down but since that's not happening. i'll be in chattanooga. uh and vancouver but yeah dude. that's hey if you're making a grip. on the podcasts who cares. just do podcasts you don't. have to go anywhere. maybe i'm jealous that's the thing. dude if i made well obviously i make money. doing podcast but bro if if i made $100 million bro. not that he did but i'm just saying you'd never see. me again dude you'd never [ __ ] see me again and i mean this with the utmost sincerity. you wouldn't see me. on the internet you also more importantly. wouldn't see me anywhere and i'm talking to. friends if you're listening to. this i would just be in my house. postmates amazoning bro with sitting on money like legitimately. physically sitting on money dude. i would be done i'd be with my wife. my kids i have more kids. i'd have 50 kids i'd invite people over. if they wanted to. come over if they didn't if they said no let's go. see a movie i' go like this. if you'd like to. make a call please hang up. and try again message. c5 i'm not [ __ ] with you bro by bye the second i make a 100 millie bye i call everyone i go no i don't i don't i don't call everyone i change my aling message. to bye that's what i do. i tweet bye i threads. bye i put up an instagram. video where it's me going. bye i get on only fans. i show my [ __ ] i say bye. i'm done dude subscribe for free. on my only fans. bye [ __ ] out just rubbing off. on in the kitchen bye. i'll be here from now. on never see again. some of my friends oh hell yeah. and feel good about it. dude dude what's up. what about um nick minaj and mega. the stallion i i alluded to. it early on but they got a beef going. or what i love how when it's like beef. explained the washington post dude. i give up this is on. the [ __ ] washington post beef explained you know megan the stallion released. her biting song h on. friday a punchy diss track that tast a at the haters and critics she's encountered through. her career she mened mariah carey and chris jenner. on the in just on the track. while appearing to. make point of references to. drake and her exboyfriend tory lanes but her words. stung for nicki minaj no. news is news anymore. are you kidding me. wow and then minaj made a she made uh she was critical of megan's. song going as far as to. record her own response diss track called bigfoot i mean this. is just [ __ ] stupid you know i love d songs. ever since tupac after that. it's just like when you realize it's oh yo hey you're just. rhyming dude hey write a dr. seuss book and mail it to. them this isn't hardcore. you know it's all a business. right because i mean on one. sense it's hardcore because you're talking. [ __ ] to someone but on on the on uh on the other hand. you know you're just basically going. grinding finding you're just rhyming. you know um i don't know i guess. she got shot in the foot though. so um she got shot in in a in a foot and then t lan. went to jail um that's crazy. how long she did. you get for going to. getting shot in the foot how many. time years is he going to. be in jail to. lan can you look it. up i watched this. thing on netflix the other day. toughest prisons and this guy is like i was i was he goes to. different prisons around the world. he's going to jail. for 10 years jesus. he'll probably do like seven. or eight for shooting a foot what are you in here for shooting a foot who's my girlfriends. turn around um and uh pull your pants. down hey you guys. are the [ __ ] thank you for watching and that's it. for for for youtube but if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. go to patreon dot com. and you can get all the other episodes. of congratulations in their entirety how they're supposed. to be listened to. and also you get the uh extra episode. a month which we've been doing this. for what 3 years now. you get all those free. well for $6 if you pay $6. then you get them free. cuz you but you still get paid. you get charge $6 but also you don't get them. free but you get the extra. episodes and nobody else gets them. is what i'm saying so there. you go thanks a lot guys appreciate [music]. you 