 and i know that this. has been a contention sir. yes making it up no we've talked about this. she just said hey chris you know. what matt makes me feel. bad i'll talk to. you later she didn't say it. like that okay she said for sure. that you make her feel worse. than i do come on dude. runk hello hello hello hello will hello hello. hello starting make the thing jump. off arabian king in the 13th century. what they would make people jump. off cliffs to. prove their uh obedience they would die. correct it's not good. obedience what good is obedience. if you are going to. die with it it proves to. like the most obedient guy dies. v heads of state would visit like other territories and to. show his power he would like i forget. which guy but it was a specific guy. he would walk go on horseback. with that other head of state. through his the valley. he controlled the people would have like a his guys would have a bird's ey view. to attack yeah and he would just like give some physical. command and the guys would jump off. to like in deference to. their king yeah and the king it would be a fle. vast deference to. the king yeah it would be a uh uh an vast. deference to the king king vast. defence and die yeah. exactly well but that sucks. actually if kings used to. do that make pe make people jump. over the hills and then die. is that um the most obedient dudes basically. were you were losing and that's not good. for well they wouldn't have like all of his men. do it everyone jump off. and then they get a attack. oh this was a bad idea. bad timing yeah yeah oh i want a coke. this is a bad idea i guess. i'll get it myself they didn't have cokes. actually back then yeah stickler stickler um hey dude i'm g. first of all detroit cleveland. and pittsburgh i'll be there coming here soon. october uh 19th 20th and 21st. i believe um most workingclass cities in america. on your birthday yeah i'm mr. russ belt dude that's who i am i'm russ belt what rust t belt what date where are you going to. be dring it what where are. you going to be on my birthday. uh pittsburgh i'll be in pittsburgh. pennsylvania and then i'm going to. cleveland and then detroit and then i'll be in long beach. actually november 2nd i just announced. that i'm going to. do a that that's where i'm going. do a new material then. back to the don't push me tour. uh orlando florida fort meers richmond virginia. and you know that's how it's going. to be from now that's how it's going. to be do you i always think about this. about musicians okay. i started thinking about it with comedians. with since you've been on this. tour uh does it mh. like every night doing the same. song like i think about big. bands they have their hits like that seems like misery. to me what about comedy. with the same different it it it. it i find different ways. to say stuff and i'm the jokes. are always kind of evolving. okay but it still it is. you you mean you're paying attention. in in a way that allows it. to feel different every single time. so well or to. me it's like i'm working on it. i'm working on it. to become the best. it can be okay so then when i shoot. it after that i have a huge then it's way. harder to. do it again you after you. shoot the special yeah and i already have the special in the can so now since it's done. yeah now what i i i i. keep saying i'm gonna do the don't push me. tour the way it has been i always do. this i'm gonna do whatever i've been doing. until that special comes out then i'm going. to do new stuff and then every time. i go on stage. i'm doing it i'm doing. it and then i do like 30. minutes of new stuff. oh and i just can't bring myself. to do it the whole hour. so the last time. i performed the don't push me tour. the way it is going. to be on the special. was the special was the special uh and and what's what's actually sucks. for me is um i i should just do that. over and over and over again. do all the cities make the money. and then come up with the new material. and then go back to. those cities yes and then make that money but instead i cannot bring myself. to do that so what happens. is i will mix the material. up now from now on and then i'll have to. think about later on. oh well i did pittsburgh. i did some of that new stuff. in pittsburgh maybe i won't do pittsburgh. too early it's a lot. harder okay okay now we're cooking. now we're getting somewhere ar it's pretty. cool uh it's a pretty cool. and why can't you bring yourself. to do it i i i guess. i could i just it's it's boring. okay because i know i have it. here's another reason too it's either. i i did it it. was one of the best times. i ever did the show was when i shot it. in minneapolis and what if i keep doing. it and think of better ways. to do the joke. i'm going to be so upset. i didn't take that so i almost don't want to. do it there's a few reasons. um now we're really getting somewhere before. we get into the pinpoints. here uh what's happening musicians. have it i think i think honestly way. worse yeah it's terrible. my buddy in chicago just recently. saw peter gabriel and he's doing sledgehammer and i well. i was like what does he still. do like he has to. do the hits like i saw michael mcdonald. at the bowl semi. they don't want they want to. do the old stuff he they don't. want to do the old stuff. but he the crowd wants. the crowd it's all the crowd. wants i know that that's way. worse cuz for me. i'm just never going to. do i mean people still like do this. bit do the [ __ ] fitness bit. do drunk girls i i just won't do it. right yeah i won't do it. apparently neither does peter gabriel and everybody. was mad bummed that's way. but that's you got give 30,000 people who are buying. a ticket and they're there. to see sledgehammer and the worst. song of all time soulsbury hill. i want to. be on record somewhere saying that. cuz that is the worst song. ever that's a great song. hammer yeah okay wow. wow wow wow wow the guy in police academy. anyway uh yeah dude uh go sign up. for lifeline luxury patreon dot com. line luxury new episode. out today lifeline luxury is where we do uh episodes. of us just bantam. i just love the bantam. so good a bite um and uh yo pull that video up. for later that's so funny but um and uh so that's what you can do. there it and just uh there's a lot. of um lifeline lery uh videos. that you can go access now. if you sign up. today at this point we stacked. a bunch you better get in there. yeah now listen i'm going. to be honest with you. do not send any more. jordan with the jordan with the slime. you clearly don't get it. you're clogging it no it's not. that you're clogging up our uh megabytes yeah. with so we can't the problem. the problem is this is an advice. show and it has un. not with us without us. trying to make it it. has turned into. a yeah show it was fun. for a little bit but you guys got so excited and kept saying ch. and we can't have that dude. we love talking about. j but we can't do only j. so there we go uh if you have a question. uh please you know. click the link in description. below and don't send a ch. and so uh or hit the hotline. oneonone ofice sessions with matt go. to mata dot com. and the lifeline merch is at lifeline. merch dot com and if you don't get the merch. you don't love us. you don't love me. and my family so uh more than that. they specifically wish terrible. things upon us if they don't get every single piece of merchandise. from the store many many men wish death. me so insecure however that. singer whatever that is that's the most. insecure style of singing yeah. you might as well laugh off. yeah yeah that's what it. sounds like you're going to. do a talk to. me my to me bl what up. homie it's wow okay don't know what that is but it's another 50 old white dudes. would say 50 cent 50 cents. how bad is that how bad is. it when as worse. as 50 cent that's worst well the the worst. is when someone calls him. fitty like some white guy. in like a blue brother. shirt you never heard somebody call. him fitty just fitty fitty. dude no that's i'm cringing. even though you're you're calling it out. dude let's watch that. clip go ahead there it. is right which one the king of banther. one this yeah weird already getting. mad searching for a man. to take off oh this. is to but where's the one. clip though m do you know where you don't. know where it is i don't. know anthony's doing this right. now yeah i know that. can't have the problem with anthony. is that he can't do anything. right there left left. left it's probably the the short. no yeah you like someone who can give banter. as much as they take listen. i'm like king of banter. wow bold state i'll tell you i love. sick it as they can. take never closed his mouth. the whole time i love sick. sick it you love. yeah sick it you know. what's interesting about people who don't close. their mouth yeah crocodile their breath. smells terrible crocod they're crocodiles yeah. dude it's so why do they they they talk. about b like it's b. it's just talking no but b i mean. you know benter is a specific. thing yeah flirting well. no we don't we do benter. on the show we're not flirting. with each other right you know. what i mean but with benter is. like you're riffing you're like giving it back. to each other bo bo. bing bing bang bang. bang bang bing bing bing no but it's it's just talking really is what. it is b wow all right. right all right hates when i do it. all right so next or let's do a new one. know all right yeah hey matt hey chris my name is stephanie. and i'm 26 years old. i have a birth mark. on my neck oh well that. looks a lot like a hi. i already know where they are. um so a lot of times people. will get a tou like meeting in public. or friends of friends or whatever who haven't met. me will be like oh like what' you do. last night who gave. you that uh and it's kind of annoying. it's not something that offends me. but i always wish i had like a good clap back. for it um but yeah also i know it's like way. too big to. actually be a it's even more anno. drafted so if you guys. have like any advice on things. i could say in response. to that thanks i love the podcast. and everything you guys do bye thanks. great i got a great. one you notice notice the the hickey. like birth mark the way. that she said role. play you're saying yeah be somebody and i'm her. hey uh you oh what' you do last night. see i i see your neck. your [ __ ] dad sucked. on my neck while i [ __ ] him sick dude. i uh i only said dad. cuz i was being her yeah. yeah yeah i know. i obviously not my dad. because that would be your dad. that's what you're saying. well that doubly would be bad i love. i love it ke sick. it yeah yeah um or you can get a circle. tattoo a circle around and little writing say. this is not a hick. birth mark yeah that would be a bit going a bit. like bending too far to. the annoying people would be so annoying. so awesome if you circled it. and then pointed to. it and wrote sick in it. on it yeah that would be good. okay do it again. i'll do it again okay. hey whoa somebody had fun. last night what's that. all about your [ __ ] dad did it after i [ __ ] slobbed on his [ __ ] knob you gave me a big ass [ __ ] hickey. what's up okay you'd be thrown. out of the party so overboard. yeah no no if she did it. it would be fine. okay other people cake falling. off their fork the kids's. birthday party pop a balloon. that scared me when you did. the pop i mean you know. i'm i'm sorry i bet i bet. everyone watching at home rewind just a little bit. and zoom in on. my face i bet i flinched yeah. when he did it okay. in an unauthorized fashion. unauthorized fashion oh okay. second second all right so uh yeah i think that that's good. and that kind of or just rock turtlenecks. all the time i so dope. but then you're cow or not cow. you're um yeah exactly you're kind of giving into. what would what would you suggest. you're i was going. to say your dad. sucked my neck last night. next oh next go yeah yeah go like this. next what else you got go. like this go like this. your dad next that would be really good. point to the other person. that you also don't know. who's seeing you for the first. time and say what you got you. know let's get out of the way. what you got that's good. that's good oh hey whoa. what an original [ __ ] yeah i wish someone would do that kind of [ __ ] i want to. be friends with somebody like that but dude. if anyone's going to. be doing that [ __ ] it's me man. yeah you should do it yeah. be the be the be the change you want. to see in the world. that's and that's why people say. that is because they want me. to do that yeah yep. okay so she called in because she wanted you to. do that you're saying i think people want. me to be the change that they want. to see the world by. being like doing [ __ ] like [ __ ] you know oh what an original guy. next sick in it. what an original [ __ ] was what it really was the first original. that is way better okay. all right next one what's up. bros much love from bulgaria. if you know where that. is yes anyway that was a really bad. we i'm going to. keep going though um my question. to you guys is how much weight. or importance should uh be placed on. political views when picking a significant. other uh i found that um as i get a little bit. older i'm getting a little bit more. into global politics. and economics and i feel like it's starting. to play a a bigger role. in my life and i feel like my partner. should have at least the same. um views i guess you could say. or the the same morals or values. that one i guess stance. takes so uh i don't know just wanted to. hear you guys' thoughts. on that thanks i i i i i i i it. it i try to. look past it it doesn't matter. really too much to. me i mean look the truth. is you're probably going to. end up with someone. who feels the way you feel. because it's you know like attracts like right. people with similar beliefs end. up generally in similar. circles you know so the likelihood. of you meeting someone who shares generally. your political beliefs is high you. know but that being said if you fall in love. with somebody uh or just want to. do the horizontal mambo with someone. and they want to. do the horizontal mambo with you. and you happen to. have different political beliefs consensual horizontal. shouldn't really matter like that. also there are people like famous political. figures like james carville has been married. to this hardcore republican for like 40. years or something that's wild. it's crazy and that idiot. uh and that other idiot. george conway and kellyan conway they only recently or something. yeah but they were together. forever they have like 18 19y old. daughter you know they both realized they were different. political values and mary mine. that's it yeah yeah yeah mary. magdalene exactly mary magdalene uh but the it shouldn't yeah it shouldn't shouldn't really matter. she's a republican um but yeah yeah no i think uh it shouldn't matter. and i've been with both sides. of the spectrum uh uh and it shouldn't matter. and it it doesn't to. me uh but there were times where i was like h. i know she thinks that and that's kind of sure. but that's normal though like you don't you you. you're an i ideologue if you refuse. to date anybody who differs from your political. op stupid also if i like pasta. and you hate pasta. that's not a thing that's a bigger. deal yeah i know you're going eating a lot. more i love pasta. and i don't want to. have to eat less. of it and no matter who's the president. most likely your life. is the same although in bulgaria. i don't know if you have lords. or whatever you have over. there lords the biggest idiot. ever i don't know if you have you know. the thing i want to. talk about this guy are his green. eyes and what i wanted to. talk to you about was how he's probably a cat. at night he turns. into a cat at night so he's obviously liberal. so he has green what do you mean. they weren't green i'm just being a contrarian. oh okay yeah he was green. green green those were green green eyes green are green eyes are really rare. man and he had green. green green green green eyes a phone ringing green green green green eyes hello. um yeah i uh think he had greenish. eyes and i think that um i think that bulgarians have lords. oh okay that's is that. your political opinion they don't. what do they have then smarty. pants well basically no one has lords anymore. because it's you b google. it it's not 1412 you know. yeah b google it yeah what's that. bard google bard google does somebody want to. explain it to. him no one knows what. that means you made it up. just right now b google okay what is happening. it's google's version of ai. oh really chat oh i don't like that. at all like shakespeare the b. the bard i don't know. the bard dude get out. of here i'm just saying anyway. boo google boo all right all right. all right well let's do the next. one then hey guys love. you so much um so my issue. is i live in charleston south. carolina love it wait. open parenthesis chris please come to. charleston want you i'll be there. next next year close parenthesis oh he's going. to be there so anyways. um i'm in my last year. of law school here and i work for an attorney i've worked for for a few. years i love him. he's become like family to. me um he bought me a car. like not to get into. the whole relationship but we're really close. so when i graduate i'm going. to go work for him. i'm going to move. closer to. where i work and he happens. to have a house. there that they just moved out. of and he's renting it. out now and i've house sat there before i'm super familiar with the house. great house and he was like instead of buying. or renting another apartment just move to. our house rent it from us. we'll take your rent out. of your payche that way. neither of us have to. pay taxes on it. saves a lot of money. blah blah blah illegal and at. first i was like oh that's like a really good idea. but it's also the beginning of hor f. thinking about it and i was like well and maybe this. was just like me being paranoid. but do i want to. put all my eggs in one. basket like that all at once. like no i'm working for him. i'm driving the car he got me. i'm living in the house. he's renting to me. and it seems like a lot. i don't think anything is going. to go wrong at least. in the near future. with a really great. personal and work relationship but it's like hey have you ever heard of a house of something go wrong hey have you ever heard of a house of c do i want my entire life tied to. like one person or one. career one job he have you ever heard seems a lot. and i don't know if saying to. his offer is like offensive. just be like because he knows it's like a really great. chance too i don't know if he would be offended. by me saying like uh let me not like it just seems like a lot. oh you didn't think about that. i don't know all of your advices. would be helpful say yeah. like what if you clog the [ __ ] you take a big fat dump [ __ ] and it [ __ ] gets all clogged up and you got to. call the owner and he has to. fire you and you got to. get fired you got to. go all the way to. court say i got fired for improper. reasons i was taking a big. fat [ __ ] in his house. and the the toilet was bad. and i got order order. dump [ __ ] what is this dump [ __ ] um stripping stripping dude why is sandstorm the stripper song this is gross. no matter what who whoever does. it do you know what i mean. like this as a stripper move is. bad no matter what not if you're you got the th all out. right here like this right. and it's shaved and it's nice. second second it if you go like this. you just like this and then you go. up to the guy. and you go second in it. you doing that made me upset. well cuz i thought about you doing it. at like a strip club and it was very dancing. were just doing it as if you were at. a strip club so i have a good imagination. man i would never be at a strip. club dancing at a strip. club i i would kill. it if i did oh really yeah. oh okay i thought maybe you would i mean. of course i know. that you would not do that. but i well well you know what i might as a joke. or to make some cash yeah little cash but for guys though that wouldn't be i wouldn't want to. do it for guys or or unattractive. women only attractive women i would want. to do only for my wife. at this point i would only do it for my wife. are there like gay strip. clubs i mean that probably is a stupid. question oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah are there. for women women for women no right. i've never well there's that thunder down. under yeah there's dude you yeah there's for women. bachelor it's it's not it's something. that women are like no. i don't want to. do it but then they all get there. and they're like oh oh you know. this is oh my god oh god. and then before you know. the guy's got the towel in front of him. and he's do like just suck it. a little bit it's all. good and she's like and then the like did you do. it and she's like no i'm talking. about women strippers for women like there's male strippers for men no. well allans into that i'm saying. all women strippers are for women too because all strippers are. also lesbians you know what i'm saying. oh i mean i that made sense. what you said but i don't. think i agree all strippers are lesbians. the more trauma you have the more stuff. you got going on you know what i mean. so that's independently true yeah but more trauma. you got going on makes you more likely. to be a stripper yourself. more likely to. be open to everything. in the world okay so not i got throw bread. at my head why well you know. what i mean just i could be into. that the bread at the head. kink i've heard of that. uh yeah so it's called carb. heading but um yeah you know. i don't know man i i i think that you know. oh yeah what does this. girl do what what do we what. what she aic what should she do. she's a paral paral paralal um she should not it's too. yeah i agree it's too much. your instinct is right it's too much. but what's he thinking like why. is he well he well what i take it. as i'm joking about. the w oh like he's going. to want to. [ __ ] you know but what i think it is is like he's just like a i'm making it up. that he's like a close. family friend or something that knows that wants. to help her and then it just turned into. another thing or you know. or he's just a nice guy. my question is like for her would be if she was still here. would be like she was never here. is he ever has he ever given. any hints that he wants. to be horizontal in with you. that he wants to. do no i don't think she would. have said that right. yeah i mean it seems like it. it was on all on the level. you know although she is an attractive. female and he's obviously older so i don't know you know who knows there's always that really when a guy. rel which why i get why you wouldn't want. to right take him. up on that house. part right if it's a good. enough deal though i mean what's he going. to i mean you yeah. he's a [ __ ] lawyer for [ __ ] sake so you know he i guess that's true yeah it's probably okay but i just think beyond that reason. i wouldn't want to. live in my separate. yourself yeah from yeah it's just too much. that's good say as as your employee. i would feel extra stress and anxiety. inhabiting a home that my boss. owns and i think that i'd be more relaxed. in a home that is is mine. and if i were to. i don't know ruin something. i wouldn't the stakes wouldn't be that. high it would just be a thing. that is mine yeah but living in the house. d i mean i would never want. to live in my boss's home. i live in my boss's home. calvin well no i'm the boss. you i'm my boss that does. work though obviously so it works. fine don't even say that. it's uncomfortable for me sometimes. you know what i mean. um yeah i you know. it's but i think that's the thing. you said i think that's how you get out. of it you say i don't think living in my boss's home. i think that would add anxiety. to my life and you're great. and you've been great to. me and this is a great. offer but i think even though. it'll end up costing me. a little bit more money. i think it's worth. it for me to. not i guess yeah i guess. that's you think she should take it. no i don't think she should i think the way. i'm saying is the most reasonable way. and understandable way to get out. of it without even remotely. being insulting making it specifically about him. or anything like that cuz it's you have the benefit of it. being true which is always good when you want. to get out of a thing. always go to. the truest possible. excuse you don't want to. make up something cu you're going. to end up getting caught in a dumb. lie don't tell the dumb lie. just tell the truth right. especially when the truth is. relatable and understandable in this. case it is bing bong. bing you got it all right. oh i'm sorry am i boring. you i agree i'm sorry. am i boring you. it's all good next one. hello guys mad chris philippines. just so stuned been a longtime fan. of the show especially with congratulations. i was one of those people who was very very sad. when it stopped i've got one. question though what do you think about people. who's doing karaoke was already bad. enough but then just certain regular people trying. to copy a seniors or an artist. voice like you know artist. uh like brian adams or like the the vocalist from the creed. who have this recognizable distinct. voice it's already bad enough. when you're doing karaoke but then you're trying. to copy their voice which definitely not. going to come out. or going to sound the same. but then they're still trying. that so this guy's a kind of this. guy was made by an ai. bro this is this guy's question. like of all the questions. you know this guy loves. yeah of course he does. of course he does this. he from again did. he didn't say it did. he phpp he did philippines. he is from the ph. filipinos just they want to. kill it on the karaoke. there's actually a big uh i weirdly read this. article about uh karaoke in the philippines. it's like a massive part. of their culture and it gets so serious. that people have been killed over. certain things that w so he's trying. to save lives basically my way. frank sinach my way which is a common k. song it's the biggest song there. and if you do it or do it. wrong or do it a certain way. with too much machismo people will kill. you it's true i might be actually getting like some of those. details wrong but it's basically that. is that crazy whatever oh dude. i would get killed immediately. it was in the new york. times there you go what is that it. no ki song that killed countless. people oh the my way. killings i mean dude. oh my gosh look. at that the my way. killings are a social phenomenon. in the philippines to. a number of fatal. disputes which arose to. this in the singing. of the song my way and i'll do it. my way they're all nurses so they all help. um yeah i don't mistakes. i've made a a silencer and i'll do. it my way no no [laughter]. no dude what is wrong. with you people stop killing. people at a karaoke bar. cuz they saying my way. damn dude i didn't realize i was going. to be that right. you know how sometimes you remember a story and you're like you start. telling it and you're like uhoh. now i'm in the middle of i'm in midair without a parachute. and i forget some of the details. and then you could tell it. with authority even though you're not sure. that's what i did but i was right. that's my whole life that's my whole life. um all right well um so to. the guy's question that when it's actually a good good. good question and here's why. it's very specific and it also is a thing. that i've encountered in my life. and thought about when someone sings. a song like the actual singer. of the song but obviously worse. because they're not singers or at. least not famous popular singers. it is upsetting and annoying. sing it bad sing it like like you yeah. you know what i mean. that's the fun of karaoke. so not with arms open. not like that you just go like with arms wide. open like me like how i would do it. i guess so i guess that's a good. example [applause] or that's better. than singing it yeah how about what about. this one you have to. you have to. right but but that's a song specific. once there was this girl. you're not going to. you know got into. an accident didn't go to. wrote it in in 30. minutes that song anything. okay wait hold on this. is a specific question try. to get it right. it's not that it's the most 9s. thing the crash test dummies. but more than anything else it. could have only been popular in the '90s. more than any other thing. that was popular in the '90s. even the macarena the macarena could be popular. now in some way shape. you're you're right you're right but the crash. dk dummies the way they looked. the music video for that. song and that song particularly. especially could only be popular. like yeah in the 199 i'm not sure. if it was in on the soundtrack. in the movie singles but it definitely was do you know. what i mean it. basically was yeah uh singles dude. yeah yep remember how the uh we had like a living. nanny for a little while her. name was rachel. yeah uh and she was so stoked about seeing singles. oh yeah that she went. and came back and she cried. so much that she was still crying. when she got home why it. was a and she wanted to. see it again no not it's a cam. and crow movie but then what the hell. was she so sad. about she was just like so deeply. moved by singles wow she cried at the season the series finale of cheers. and another time she cried. was when you called her pizza face. dude okay man listen dude. i just wanted to. make sure i got that. in there because it's true. and anything you say in reputation. is false i i so go. ahead that was a big mistake. i should not have done. that oh i thought you were going. to say something else no but she told me. in confidence that you make her feel bad. all the time and i know that. this has been a contention sir. yes making it up no we've talked about this. she just said hey chris you know. what matt makes me feel. bad i'll talk to. you later she didn't say it. like that okay she said for sure. that you make her feel worse. than i do come on dude. no one has even ever said. that to anybody you know. what's interesting makes me. feel worse than you. do you know i called. her pizza f that. it was so shitty i actually. i was 12 such a bad. thing to do i genuinely still still feel bad. and i remember she used. to wear a mask with sausage. peppers on it but i don't her. eye mask had pepperonis on it i remember she had a big [ __ ] doughy head. but no um no can we be clear. as to why he called. her pizza cuz she had an acne problem. she was an adult. and some shitty little [ __ ] [ __ ] kid like this one all right called her pizza face d a brat can i can i tell you something though the truth. of it is i didn't call. her pizza face because she had an acne. problem i called her pizza face. because i didn't think she had an acne problem. she i knew she felt bad. about having zits and so was so mad. at her so i dug deep. and i [ __ ] hit her with real real hard with that so i'm sorry. what is it wasn't because she had acne it. was because i knew it. would make her feel bad oh so you're even. worse okay no i mean. that's fine i have to. be honest with you i still. feel bad about that i i actually still feel. bad about get in touch with her. should get in touch with her. make amends ew her that. pizza face yeah well dude. she's probably like 60 now dude. waa no she wasn't that. much older no no no no she's she's in her. mid50s right yeah but i'm just like remember. when they did that at the olympics. yeah that was the atlanta olympics. so we the reason i know i know was atlantic. you know you know why is cuz that awful. movie richard juel directed by clen ewood. is about the 96 olympics. atlanta and there's a scene in the movie that. at least attempts to. capture the macarena craze and it's the worst. movie in the world and that's the worst. scene m i know that. movie when did that come out. clint ewood just makes movies that no one even knows about ever i know and then he's just like i'm done with that movie what's the next one he was like the first streaming service you know like now there's movies that come out. and you're like wait that's out. what is that what is that. or there's just just hype. around a movie and they're like oh [ __ ] and then 3 days later everyone forgets about it. clint eastwood was that before before streaming. services cuz you he would have you like oh my god. cleanwood oh my god and then and then you'd be like what was now. it's like what was the one. with the car dude. he like gran turismo gr. tesmo grand gr torino i know that's the joke. oh okay okay that's the joke. yeah good joke good. joke cuz you don't remember and you think of the video game. got it godamn it got it. got it st on now. uh clean for w the weirdest career. ever dude dir har and now he's just all. like cut got it i mean. jim carrey you want. to do it again. before that no before that he was a spaghetti. western star who like never spoke in italian. movies then he was a big movie star. then he started being a director of like prestige [ __ ] that people thought was good like unforgiven then he did like the stockiest [ __ ] in the '90s. remember no and then now he just makes movies. with people like matt damon that no. one in the world has ever seen. even matt damon's wife hasn't seen. that movie that he was in with with the in hereafter or whatever. oh that one oh invictus. that one too one. he did that one. too yeah yeah wow. yeah makes like a movie a year that's two. takes i've ever seen doesn't even. watch the monitor you know yeah. he goes like this and action in the middle. of matt damon's line cut got it. yeah sure doesn't he um not say action. i think that's right actually. yeah they just start he's like i don't know. what he says but it's like start. whenever you want yeah so low energy. you know that can't even bring himself. to to do the qu's. going to do it. from bed uh today he just says do it. i don't know do it. no he he just told me. to tell you to. do it he i think he has the um headphones. on anyway go ahead. there's no way of knowing. but also it wouldn't make a difference anyway. cuz you're only going to. get to do it. once why do actors like that. working with him it's like let not. me dude no not me. not me oh not me. i i sit out the first take i i i'm telling you. okay i'm johnny first take. okay yeah so clen ewood if you're listening which you probably are or watching. you're probably watching actually i know. you love to. watch youtube and especially this show. let me just tell you this. c chris this is the most annoying. thing that the most annoying thing. about doing why are you laughing. bro i don't know i'm just anticipating. what you're the most annoying. thing about acting and or doing. a movie probably mostly for actors nah. anybody but the director is that you you. have to do the same. thing 15 times uhhuh that sucks this. is why i don't understand. besides the money obviously why actors ever. would want to. do screen acting yeah it doesn't the money. is well they want to. be a star right. which is money but the craft. of it it's [ __ ] it sucks it's so peac mail it's so repetitive the amount of times you have to. do it for everyone else. especially on a tv show. where they just get blindly get coverage of anything. if there's four or five people talking. in a room everyone gets their medium. shot everyone gets their closeup every single time. all those actors are off camera. feeding the lines to. the actor whose shot it is. dude it's so boring and even even if you're leonardo. dicaprio let's you like let's not use him. cuz he literally can do any movie. he wants but like you know. tom hardy like the the next. tier of movie star. in any given movie he's doing four scenes. that are awesome for him. to do right. okay i mean all right. and other than that the scene. is this the scene is this. you're off you're off yeah i mean. it would be a better shot. because your head is cut off. and he gets home and hey put and you got to. do that nine times yeah i mean a lot of times big stars have a a double. do those things but not if it's going to. be you know well l. sooner or later it'll be a [ __ ] ai right. but no but it'll be like someone else. doing it and then their face will be obscured you know. what i mean right. no i understand always do. that they but i'm saying is how many scenes. do you get where you really got to. make you make get to. make a meal of it. [ __ ] four i even if you're even if writing it am i writing it 100%. of the imagine how exhausting that movie. would be at the end yeah. well that's the other thing. people don't want to. see that wall to. wall just like but that yeah i do. want to see that actually yeah. i don't get it i don't get it's so weird. that people want to. do it just because i think people want to. be actors because they think they want to. be actors yeah watch this though. okay you know what i'm saying. and cut yeah yeah you know. what i'm doing we have to. replace matt that's just me. that's just me like banta. oh si it but it's acting bant. it you can do that. if you want cut isn't it. all right uh next one. oh my god sar and autumn here. again thank you so much. for your advice you're here. um my fiance and i watch it. together so that was fun um quick question when are you going to. get true baby here in the merch. store for true babies interesting. um no but my real question. is and it's a little s deeper. good okay those are the best. question what do you guys. think about mediums and i asked this. because um 2 and a half. years ago i lost my younger. sister and there's some circumstances around her death. that will never know. oh no um there was another person. involved and the only people that know would be that person. and obviously my sister. who is no longer with us. um do you think going. to a medium would you know. maybe get some answers for questions. that i have or give a little bit. more to what ha happened. around her death um what do you guys. think of med shut the [ __ ] up or do i just kind of just come to. terms i'll just never have those answers. that sucks i'm really sorry. let me know yeah uh no. the mediums no there just there's no werewolves either. you know here's what i say. if it's if you have specific questions i don't believe. that mediums are right. and [ __ ] this is not what i'm saying i believe the answer is no okay you know what i mean. just she's here ah she's here yeah. don't what i was going. to say is don't don't let your pain. make you a sucker. is all i'm saying it's fine. to go to them. and explore it and see if you vibe with someone. and see if they like say interesting. [ __ ] and they're not a [ __ ] like huer but uh generally what are they going to. possibly do not generally they're going. to hold your hand. and just going to. be like i sense her. in the room me yeah it's like and there was a tip. this is a long history of these people. praying on broken. people and not that you're broken. but in this instance this is something that broke your mind. probably it certainly broke your heart. really sorry about that. that's and uh and chris keeps like literally every time. i talk he just cuts. me right off and it's really annoying. but uh yeah the answer. is no but i don't think it. would be would make you stupid. to go and check it. out like well every circumstance. is you it's not sm if you think it'll make you feel better. potentially try it but don't get sucked. into some [ __ ] where someone's like buking. you for money i mean. i've read stories where these people [ __ ] get people's savings because they've made someone believe that they're in touch with their dead. father or dead brother or whatever. the [ __ ] you know it's just not true. it's only entertainment and it'll only either make you feel. better or not but it. has nothing to. do with reality uh and there's no that's true. of a lot of things. though there's no ghost. yeah well i mean a lot. of people think religion is that you know. but um right exactly so if that makes you feel better. and it helps you get through. life as long as you're not being hurt. in the process either financially or mentally. or whatever spiritually whatever you want. to say you monetarily yeah. be careful is is the thing. i would say it's just it's if you're if you're asking. if it's real or not though. the answer is resoundingly. no um and there's no werewolves and there's no uh half. men half sharks okay. glad you got that that in there. and there's no ghosts. okay i mean so scared. that there's ghosts the way. you said that and no matter what it's not scary. at night when i go to. bed all right uh and there's no frogs okay. see you man there no straight frogs that's for sure. cuz the water turned them. gay okay bye hi chris hi. matt it's lucy from manchester. quick question so me and my boyfriend. are going to. new york this month for his 30th. birthday and we've got everything. planned in terms of like you know the day today but we wanted. to catch a comedy. show whilst we're out there. so if there's any recommendations that you've got as to. where we can head. that' be great because it's kind of hard. to know whether a place. is going to be good or bad. um also any good coffee. place recommendations that' be also helpful. and we love it. when you take the make out of people that. are from the uk. so if you can do an impression. of me or someone. from manchester that'd be great. thank you i don't when i'm i don't know. who the [ __ ] is from where in in london. i got one thing i do and it's this. well i know that people who sound. like that are from manchester. exactly my here's the thing. about manchester is that. everyone from manchester is named. lucy if they're a woman and lucy is the most i mean. it's crazy to. be from manchester named lucy it's just like you're the most. mancherian human being imaginable. okay yeah uh go to. the comedy seller and but except for you. have to wait that's really hard. to get in i would honestly. say there are like really there's so many good comedians around. new york that you can just go to. the stand you can go. to new york comedy. club you can go to. comedy seller you'll see. good comedians i think um so yeah. when i lived there i used to. go to the comedy. mus forever ago but that. was where i that was a lot. of fun when i would go to. the comedy store legitimately. great comics only like thank you. there's only like 10 110 uh seats. in it so pretty co. tiny try to. go on a weekday i guess. yeah it's always sold out. but and um and then uh what was the other question. coffee shops i i don't. know i haven't been there in so long i yeah. i haven't been there in forever. you've been there more recently. yeah but i go for a day. and then i come back you. know yeah oh what was that. one good place ah [ __ ] i i'll never remember uh it was in it was it was oh also it's not it's not worth it. cuz i don't know where you're staying it's like sometimes. it's like an hour and a you so they got good. coffee they got good. they got good pizza and in the east. vage get you get right here mud if it's still there mud oh it's probably not there anymore. uh i mean what the [ __ ] do you know i'm anist you know stop flexing because i don't even. notice what i'm doing okay. see you um was there. was one more thing oh yeah. uh she wants us. to make fun of people. from england we already did. it oh yeah okay yeah all right. second actually we did that. before she even called second lucy from manchester. yeah yeah yeah i wonder. if how people from manchester. feel about oasis well i think they love. oasis they got it right. yeah yeah yeah [ __ ] yeah anyone named lucy from manchester. loves oasis so from manchester. and i have something in common. lucy is a an english. name i mean dude. yeah i had no idea about that. well it's not specifically only i know. that but it's it's uh a plenty there. lucy is a common. name in england and i'm guessing. manchester especially because it's like nigel. no nigel's more old school. okay lucy's more people. alive now okay in england. nigel i'm sure there's still a lot of nigels. yeah yeah yeah yeah but it's old school. i get it yeah it's like um harry or henry. or what no it's not. it's like london head london. head is a very very common. name hello mate my name is london. head what you want to. do play [ __ ] cricket or whatever. ah [ __ ] what castle do. you live in i live in one. wow oh for [ __ ] sake why go go are you why are you saying london like england. is london well because it's just a place. in london it's funnier. than place in england london is. a place in england. i know oh okay i thought you were actually. getting that backwards getting what backwards. that you thought i thought england. was in london yeah why did you think that because you keep calling it. london like it's the that's the name. of the country it's funnier. that way oh okay. i'm london my name is london. head where we live in england. hello are you talking about dude. if you do something crazy. it's mental yeah men yeah that's good. um anyway i've got fre sisters. named lucy what is that. my mom was m we live in england. anyway mental mate um so yeah okay cool all right. well cool congrats lucy on what being from manchester. all right next one [ __ ] oh [ __ ] so he won't bite himself. chris i just flew to. ottawa to see your show. unreal got to meet you. and whatnot co i mean. totally blind just completely. blind before i got to. your show chris i met. my biological sister for the first. time i found out about her. when i was 18 she. found out about me. when she was and you know she found out a bit. she found out about but after doing that. a lot of people said to. me don't you want to. meet your biological mom she also lives. in ontario this gu the real. life terminator and i'm torn uh i feel a little selfish. by not beating her uhhuh but i don't know how i feel about it. i was really adamant about beating just cut cut his that. off wasn't having okay. um the deal is with stuff. like that i have no experience with i mean. just just start losing your [ __ ] mind. just all right you don't feel like you have to. do anything if you don't want to. meet someone who is your biological. family member just simply do not don't get caught. up in like the but but i should because people like think it's better. like dude no no no. no no no you wanted to. meet your sister you did. meet your sister that's good if ever you do want. to meet your biological mother. then do that but only if you want to. do that there's no right way. to do stuff. like that and that kind of is a c. out of an answer but it is the answer. do not feel obligated or. that you are forced to. do it or you should or that. it's like a right of passage. for people in your sit that's [ __ ] dude. just do what you want. to do that you think will. make your life better i have a good. thing to say great. go for it i think you should do. it and why is that because uh you're not always going. to have that chance and what if you kick yourself after she passes. oh well i i meant do it. don't do it now if you don't want. to like i'm not saying decide now forever more do it. tomorrow but like if you don't feel comfortable doing that yet then don't do it again i mean maybe if she's ill and she's dying that's a totally different she's probably still young he's he's young yeah but what is she in her like 50s maybe 60 with that guy as her son yeah 60 that's still pretty young unless she had him when she was old you know but yeah i don't know i don't know if she if there's a health thing going on obviously is a different story but you don't need to. do it just because don't do it. also met your sister yeah you feel pressure. don't do it because uh you think you should do. it because you want to. and if you are going to. do it because you feel like you should do. it when you're ready. like just be ready for it. and whatever it might be what. if you hate her what if you. love her so much. like it's there's so many ifs that or variables. if you don't feel comfortable. doing it don't do it. yet don't do it don't. do it but definitely wear those sunglasses the whole time. don't do it okay. okay yeah more next one. can we get one. with beautiful lighting what up. chris and matt what up matt. and chris just want to. ask you guys a quick question. today um what do. you do when you find yourself. being a stayathome dad how much is this. a guy a young preacher. he looking for a job. um with limited hours available to. give to companies um i haven't really enjoyed many. of the job interviews that. i've had or the options. that i have to. work with um and every time that. i get into a. parttime job it either. doesn't pay or i'm uninterested. within the first couple weeks. of doing the job um my girlfriend makes good money so we're well. taken care of at home. uh but i just want to. uh help them out in any way. i can and bring own. the dough to. help my family uh and show. my baby girl that uh daddy's going. out there and working oh that's cool. um appreciate what you guys. do uh let me know what you think. um thanks for making me laugh. and chuckle peace out thanks. bro only fan solo solo. only fans you don't if you don't need to. work only only keep a job that you like yeah right but i also do understand. he wants to. set a good example for his daughter. and also wants to. contribute totally i mean 100% but like if you don't. need to work and it's technically. at the end of the day. it's optional make sure it's a thing. you like especially dude if it's a really. lowpaying job and it doesn't matter. but a thing you like you're in a great. situation you can do a job. that pays like [ __ ] but that. is cool there are a lot. of jobs like that that the reason. they pay so low is because they're good like easy either. easy or fun or whatever. like people take that into. account and pay [ __ ] for it uh so if pay really doesn't matter then just get a job that is like enjoyable for you because you can get any job because the job doesn't matter because you don't need the money this is a good good situation for you do something easy like stand up. yeah do something easy like and that nobody else. does like be an astronaut or something. there's so few people that. are astronauts just get in there. are there actually few people who are astronauts. yeah because it's so hard. to do oh mean. you know it's just weird. to do that joke. because i i would have thought you would have done. it hard to do and also everyone does. it like we need more [ __ ] podcast hosts. oh that's not that hard. though very easy yeah pretty easy. uh yeah um yeah i i i you know. what are your passions. lead with that lead with that. and not the money thing. cuz you don't have to. that's good you're in a good. position so what you. like to do what do. you want to. do honestly what do you like to. do for real like you know. say you love to. play basketball you're not going. to be in the nba. but maybe you could do something. with that yeah you could teach camp. yep you know what i'm saying. yep camp instructor exactly lead with. the [ __ ] you really love if you love eating what what what. what you work at a what a restaurant. you chef i don't know. but like don't do anything. but think about the things you like and work uh all out. from there i mean you basically have the everyone's dream. scenario is that a they don't have to. work and so because of the financial situation. so like but you want to. work cuz you want to. set a good example which is great. that's very cool but like don't just get any rank. r ass job cuz like you said you're just going. to want to. quit because that's like what he said. he's quit a couple jobs. that he started right. yeah so stop taking jobs that you don't. think are going to. be [ __ ] fun man i wonder if he's depressed. you know he doesn't seem depressed. at all he doesn't seem depressed. no but that's what depressed. people do yeah well well anyway all right. i'm going to be in pittsburgh. i'm going to be in cleveland. here i come detroit here. i come long beach. california here i come chris. leah dot com i'll be in baltimore. i'll be in oh [ __ ] i'll be in go i'll be in virginia. irginia i'll be there i'll be in baltimore. i'll be in richmond. i'll be in uh trenton new jersey. philadelphia yada yada reading all all pleas to. come but uh if you have a question. click the link that uh thing below. and patreon dot com lifeline. luxury a new episode of lifeline. luxury is out today so go. get that right now and go get that. and all of the months. worth of episodes that we have there. already um yeah you want a oneonone with me. you want it come and get it. mat you're going to get it monoo huh. you want it mata. dot com it's aggressive the merch. is at lifeline merch. dot com get it. or you you do not like our family. and beyond that you wish. death upon us yes so. there you go and like and subscribe. and leave a comment thanks. a lot guys hello hello. hello hello hello hello hello 