 he made it wrong. like bob shabbop grinding. my beans are wrong. you use the same thing. to make all the four. shots [music] [music] did we start. hello check chess uh it's not chess it's thirst what's really. bad i'll be honest. what's really bad is these two. are both here why is that. really bad it's just so much. like up upper stuff oh. sugar so much sugar. and coffee just like not. the best thing for you. at least in the amounts i drink. it in mmhmm it's like ridiculous. what you drink a lot. of coffee i do i used to. drink a lot more coffee. no when i drink i drink magic. mine with my coffee oh wow. okay it helps you focus. all day oh okay. and that's the truth i feel upbeat. and good so that's what magic. mind does and i'm just saying it. just to say it. i don't even have a deal. with them or anything i'm just saying it. hey it sounds like a video. within b it sounds like you're being stern. about it like you're angry. you'll drink it um but i will say this. you haven't you wanna what you've obviously. noticed something what about your what about. your appearance did you want. me to notice that i didn't notice. your watch you've obviously noticed something. about me no um i mean. if it's a tattoo i don't know because you have so many i can't. keep track two i do have many okay. okay i'm a little bit more. fit oh you're beefier yeah actually yeah. honestly you actually are oh nice i did. not expect that to go. that way yeah but i'm not i don't. i don't like it was. they say on you stay. in your withhold when it's not. true i'm just telling the truth. and it happens to. be in the case with you. that it is often negative. he's beefier you know why. i do crazy back work i do. crazy shoulder work and i do deadlift city and it's always leg day i'll tell you that much you know it's always been interesting about you and our dynamic you've never stopped talking about working out since you began working out i was still in high school you've done it all throughout our relationship you talk about working out not after instagram became a thing you'd send me workout videos all the time for gym accounts buff dude accounts yeah trainer accounts i send you every single time yeah i say i don't want to. see that i don't care. i don't and i don't work out. right i don't care about people. who work out i don't care. about the accounts that show videos of people working out. whether it's a lot of weight. whether it's a little bit of weight. whether they fall whether they trip. whether something falls on their head. i don't like it i don't care. okay and so let's fall down. you don't care let's ask. you no i mean if they fall down. i'll give it to. you so what's going on. why do you still why. do you still because i care. about it and my passion is something. that is that that is something. you appreciate but i don't send. you baseball stats well. baseball players i do sometimes. i jokingly say soandso did this on my fantasy. team and you jokingly say you care. but that's like a thing we do yeah. i don't expect you to. care but what about. how when i send you video of weightlifting. guys what do you think i'm thinking. when you send them to. me or when you see them. when i send them to. you what do you think i'm thinking. um maybe you're maybe by now you're thinking this. is funny that it's an established. thing that pisses matt. off no uh i am showing. you stuff that is amazing. and it's hilarious that now you have to. see it because i sent. it to you well. okay that i wouldn't have even. guessed that is rude though but well we can get into. this a little bit later. but uh i will be in las vegas. and charlotte and uh cleveland. and knoxville and little rock and nashville. calgary alberta a bunch of canadian. dates crystalia dot com so go over. there and get your tickets. here's another thing too i want. to talk about we have patreon. here at lifeline luxury. and there is another episode of lifeline. luxury on um if you go on patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. where it's just me. and you bantering back. and forth it is the hottest patreon. on the planet and it's really. fun and funny and it's me. and you and it's uh at least two episodes. extra a month i think we did. three last time uh anyway there's one out now. uh and go get lifeline. luxury and uh see what they're backlogged. see what the episodes are there. already um so yeah so there's that you'll enjoy. it yeah you will guarantee. it um you can go to. watch lifeline dot com if you've got a video you want to. send in and submit by the way. we only do that here on. lifeline not live just matt. and i bullshitting and uh that's a very. special show um oneonone advice. sessions if you'd like to. talk to matt mattelia dot com. and last but not least we have the most beautiful. merch in the world lifelinemerch dot com. and we got the purple. with the peppa pig i think a lot. of this stuff sold out. but go go check go peruse. you know what i mean. yeah take a gander know. what i've had stuck in my head. a lot but got into. cleveland late last evening oh yeah you know what that is of course i do tupac. thing because i'm gonna be in cleveland. i thought about how i'm going. to be in cleveland. performing and then i thought about that. every time i think of cleveland. i think of a gun in cleveland. last evening okay that's a bone. doctor's harmony song with tupac. yes it is now what my thing. it's when you say charlotte. charlotte charlotte yeah i every time. you start saying that word it. sounds like and because technically everyone's who says it. makes it sound like this. but i never thought about until you say it. and every time you say it. i think it okay. which is it sounds like you're gonna. say charlatan but you stop after the t. charlotte well that's just because charlatan is no. longer word than charlotte i know. but i'm saying the only you always think of charlatan when i say charlotte. and no one else not not. anyone else i mean no. not that many people say. charlotte to me you know. what i mean but i've heard it. hundreds of times in my. life well you think people in charlotte. think that i'll be in charlotte. soon uh i bet people are charlotte. are so used to. it that they don't even uh you know. carlton think about it um yeah so i don't know. i think that that's pretty crazy. you know what i mean. so something else is something's going. on here where anthony. uh showed us he thought it. was interesting and i don't i needed. i need it explained because that's when you look. at the picture i know nobody has any context. yet yeah but the headline. is would you buy this. microscopic handbag someone just did for 63. 750 now there's a photo. yeah and on the photo. sure could be in fact an extreme. closeup of a of the tip. of a finger and on. the tip of a finger. yeah tiny like like the kids. and honey i shrunk the. kids is what i presume to. be a purse is that right. looks like a piece of glass but i don't know either. way anthony can keep his penis. in it right i think it's like a holster for it's the same. guy that made the red boots that. everyone was wearing from oh what yeah. that's it so that's what. it looks like huh. yeah that's all all they could just take a picture. of a big one and say that's what that. is honestly they could because yeah for sure. now what i want to. know is why anyone right. would buy that well you can't. even put anything in hold on. dude i gotta bring my atoms yeah. it's it's they're molecule dude. gotta bring my molecules hold up. [ __ ] i forgot my molecules at the restroom. we gotta go back. you could fit three even at that. you can fit about a handful. of molecules in there and molecules are literally so small. you can't see them. scientists so this purse can. pack about five to ten. molecules yeah what'd i say purse. isn't that a purse. yeah but it's a handbag. to be more specific okay so this handbag. contain louboutin it's not a louis. vuitton it's a guy doing a louis. vuitton bag right right louis vuitton by. this guy dude. why would you buy why. would you buy it for 63. 000 to say. i have the smallest handbag. you're gonna lose i'm gonna lose. it i have it too look. it's in here it's in here. so anyway i got that no but for real though. if you buy that it doesn't matter if it's like on a lark you think it's funny. whatever you are a huge huge prick. your piece you're such a prick. and here's why that money. could do a lot. of things and i i don't like it. when people like oh you could have given that to. charity because sometimes it's like under somebody wants to. do a thing that's really expensive. the right to. do it whatever this is no one. deserves this no one. should want this it serves no utility. obviously yeah but it also isn't even like a status. thing no one can see it. right really you don't buy things. no one can see yeah. it's even if you're a shallow [ __ ] yeah you know what i'm saying. it's basically you know like uh what's his name. jeff bezos has a 500 million. dollar yacht that that's you. know at least you can use it. that's what i'm yeah i mean. that's terrible it's truly nuts. and truly nuts and terrible. wasteful save lives yes many but i you know. what do you think about that. dude you think you should i don't know here's what i think. about that as the wealth gap. not to be a nerd. but because the wealth gap grows. so big and the money. is concentrated in so so many fewer fewer people yeah. it's like it's it's it's inhuman to. to collect that much money. right because no one can right. rightly say i earned. it like right it's not the system. is set up for people. who have more to. continue to. get more right you didn't earn. it that is a literal. principle of physics so what so what uh. what do you think that you i i would say. a high percentage of very. very wealthy men are like sociopaths. you know what i mean. and oh yeah because of that. that's why they're so successful. people miss the point when they say how much money do you really need that. is not the point yeah. yeah it's not it's totally different. and i'm not defending it. but you're missing the point. if it if you think it's about the actual money. literally it's not about that it. turns into a different. thing for people who are that rich. yeah and they're playing a different. game yeah and that's like a whole part of it to. them you know like jeff. pesos wants to. be richer than yeah angle. too it becomes a competition. with a small group at the top. yeah but i don't care about. any of that 500 million yacht. as you said at least. you can be on it. right right right on the ocean. right something so yeah it. is at least this is true. nothing yeah so you would nothing so you don't. be funny is if if you cut it. in half and sold each piece. for twenty five thousand dollars. or whatever thirty thousand. dollars yeah yeah i mean that. that would actually be great. because you would expose it. for the ludicrous thing that it. is and that's what that's what it. is then that's what yeah. you cut it in fourths and try to. upsell it be like 20. grand for each yeah yeah right. yeah and then you make some money. on that [ __ ] or maybe it's something. that's gonna appreciate in value. somebody buying that to. to like as a as an asset. like this is going to. get way more way way more valuable as time. passes yeah just have it. like this and there it. is how about we're over. great i mean that's so true. dude yeah so i would drop it. immediately you know we could never hold. it kristen you know. who she'll never hold it. me no kristen will just it would just go dude. she'd put it down no she'd put it down. and walk away and i'd be like where's the handbag. the mini handbag and she'd be like i give it to. you right and i'd be like it's over. it's gone you owe me. 63 g's imagine trying to. get insurance on it like nothing applies to. this thing yeah and there's a reason. for that yeah because it doesn't fit in. the system isn't the reason. it's good things that fit in the system. are bad this is worse. than things that do fit in this. this is like the shittiest. apex shittiness peck shittiness you know. yep i think that's a cool. name for a movie apex shittiness. yeah yeah saw tulsa king that. is not worth applauding isn't. that a terence winter show. who's that maybe yes it is. right yeah who's that. he okay every major show. that is truly legendary and great. there's the person who created it. and the reason it is a great. show is because of obviously the person. who created it but there's also someone yeah that picks up. the reigns throughout the course of the show. that makes it maintain its thing. because you can't be the same. thing for three four five. six years so someone that's him. it's like a magic potion that. sometimes happens on some shows that's him. on the sopranos yeah. he did that on the sopranos. with david chase or whatever. david chase created it then him. and matt weiner took over the reigns and made sopranos. the greatest thing ever and he went on. to do boardwalk empire. mount weiner obviously did mad men. but that's like the most boring. as [ __ ] yeah yeah so boring right so actually he was the only guy throughout the whole. run of the show and i think a lot. of people's complain about mad men. was that it got like i actually thought it. got better the first couple. seasons are to. me super boring yeah but i remember season. four season five really good. well i saw tulsa king and it was phenomenal. dude oh okay have you seen. it no seen it so annoying. dude wow honestly i really like sylvester stallone. best he's been in so long okay. when was he this. good or is it. the best he's ever. been i mean i don't know. he's not like known as an actor no. but he he's a really good star. so fast instead of it. i know i know i know well he does. that action [ __ ] you know which is whatever expendables i mean how do you act in that it's whatever. it is but um i think it's the best. things driven no i'm kidding. um i don't even know. what that is driven with kip. pardue or whatever the [ __ ] um wow i don't even know. what that is yeah yeah um no but uh it's he's so good. it's so good the tone is. so good and it's just so great. and it's on paramount plus and there we go. is it like a gangster show. it's like a guy who for those. of you that don't know. it it's a guy who uh goes to. jail for 25 years for and he doesn't snitch. so he takes the rap. goes to jail he did kill. somebody but he goes to. jail gets out comes back. to the family and he expects them. to like i'll have him. with open arms and they're like we got nothing. for you here but we want you. to start uh uh the our branch in tulsa and he's like those. what the [ __ ] i'm from new york. right yeah and then they're like oh [ __ ] well you're gonna be in tulsa and he gets really pissed off. and then he starts saying he starts. earning in tulsa and he butts. up against this biker gang. and this biker gang wants him. out and then also you find out that the family. just put him out there. to like basically an exile. yeah because they didn't know. what to do with them. and [ __ ] he's earning. yeah he's starting to. make a lot of money. and then he's like i'm making a lot. of money why the [ __ ] you might give it into. that man you know. i don't know why that's so [ __ ] crazy dude. because he's so good in it. though he's just like anyway well we got this. bike again you know hey but he's good as [ __ ] it dude. stallone is so good if he wants. to be i did some green. yeah bro you know. what i mean yeah why don't you tell him. we're in a bowling league. yeah like what like copland you think he's getting. copland that's niche niche for me. was stallone stallone should be a big strong. guy who like muscles his way. around he should be that when he plays. like a lunking like dummy it doesn't work. for me anyway he's good at it. he's definitely a legend. though i mean he's yeah he is pretty amazing. yeah a cliffhanger yeah. that's some that's that's some [ __ ] right there don't look down. all right um so let's do a video. huh chris saw you in lakeland. bro that show was fun as [ __ ] man. thank you love both. of y'all love the podcast. um my question is about caring about. what other people think about you caring. about what like random stranger. okay meeting validation and needing everyone. to like you it's like a huge thing. for me it's super annoying. um if y'all know anything about that i'd appreciate it. guys thanks i was just talking about. this with my therapist like literally two hours. ago um it's a sucks. man dude like sorry it sucks that no i don't but it just sucks. because you [ __ ] you want to. feel good enough by yourself. but it's also very human. to want people to. like you so you have to. find that within yourself to. be happy enough to. where you don't unhealthily go. out and think people like dude. i work out because i want to. be healthy for my kids. i have to keep that. in mind okay if i work out. and i start thinking oh [ __ ] i'm starting to. look like yeah i got to. get another film crew to. add to my back. because i could probably get a production. company to shoot something. in a vast [ __ ] mountain range. right we shot cliffhanger. there yeah they could you know. and if i start thinking in that way. and then i start sneaking looks at. the gym and then women. are looking at me. like god damn it looks a little beefy. a little beefier than i thought he's actually really way. more handsome in real life. i mean yeah he's good. on screen but in real life. holy [ __ ] [ __ ] if i start going down that road like yeah his legs are skin but he's skinny but he's veed out right so it doesn't really matter you know like yeah who cares about calves it has no utilization for that in real life but he could [ __ ] carry a refrigerator upstairs he could help me move right i don't think you're answering the query i'm saying that it's very unhealthy to. spiral about that you need to. think about what you're grateful. for it's so [ __ ] hard dude it's so hard some days i wake up and i'm just like oh dude okay i feel good some days i wake up. and i'm just like oh it's gonna be a piece. of [ __ ] day dude and there's nothing i can do about it except try dude. it's the bane of my existence all i want. is for people to. [ __ ] like me and that is sad. the worst advice you know. that is so sad. just commiserating let me come at it. from a different angle. uh this helped me. with thinking about things like my own. anxiety and and certain other things as well. when i think about them. from like an actual evolutionary. standpoint it makes sense. to care of course about what. people around you think people you know. people in your community people. in your society that matters. because it affects your life. it affects the life of others. and mainly it affects the way. people treat you you don't want to. be exercised exactly you don't. want to be exiled from the tribe. you want to. be the man however the world. for humans expanded exponentially so so. so fast that we still have. those brains so we think of the people. we don't know the same. way we think of people. we do know because our brains didn't. have time to. catch up with the way we live now. which is we're connected to. everybody around the entire globe. all the time strangers. are interacting with us. all the time throughout the day. doesn't matter how involved with social. media or not we are yeah. and that's crazy and the reason. we think we it's a universal. thing so why do we feel a way. that is so counter to. what's good for us yeah. and that's the reason our brains have to. play catchup and they're not good. at that and if you can think of it. in a way of like okay. it's like not that you're separate. from your brain in fact you are the opposite. of separate from your brain. but sometimes your brain. does things that can't help. itself and you need to. be able to. recognize that and kind of put the kabash. on it early and right. away because that [ __ ] will make you start spiraling next thing you know you're like completely broken up about what [ __ ] sean gonzalez in tahiti thinks about your shoes wow there's a showing i was also tahiti just like this oh no yeah it's just you know humans used to. get men used to. get [ __ ] their like validation from like dude. there's stuff that you can do. to minimize that compulsion of wanting. other people like dude. when i when i'm on stage i i check out. i'm out of my mind. when i work out i'm out. of my mind there are ways. to do this right. but but there are also like uh like we used to. get that we used to. feel good about ourselves because of hunting. because of sitting in silence. being with the family being with our tribes. and now we've got all this. [ __ ] that is so unnatural and we're conditioned to. for likes and clicks and you know. subscriptions that we are we are [ __ ] basically so it makes it worse. which is kind of what matt's saying. but yeah there's there's people nowadays that actually the first thing. they think when they meet someone is how many followers do they have and it's like that's obviously we all agree. that that's terrible but that. is also a very natural progression. of the thing this guy's talking about. yeah yeah yeah which is the signifier. that it's [ __ ] and you don't need to. punish yourself for feeling that. but you do need to. keep yourself in check and in terms of how you deal. with that and behave out in the world. that's what matters it doesn't. matter what makes you feel we feel a whole. lot of things that make no. sense and are terrible. we don't need to. act on them we don't need to. put them out in the world. we can keep them. in check because we are civilized. go be a buddhist. monk too you could go be. a boss i take back. what i said go. be a buddhist you could. live without validation right. external validation you can. you can be a you could be a buddhist. mon like i mean i can do. that you could not ever ever. do that hey you're the last person. that could do that hey oh yeah that day. one do you guys have tabasco. sauce sorry i don't know. how to [ __ ] how would i say it without saying it okay fine i have to. go now seriously you wouldn't. probably the tabasco sauce. you could stay but you can't. talk oh you can't you made up. that rule well there's this. vow of silence oh yeah okay i mean jerking a guy off so um yeah it's crazy. also it helps to. get my orange robes i'm leaving. it helps to. know that everybody feels that way. everyone does not just yeah. that's right when rappers are like i don't give a [ __ ] it's like yeah. you do dude or even if they don't. it's expected that they do. because most people do and that's why they say it. so it's like either way almost everyone does. do though you know no. everyone yeah anyway i should be we got to. be buddhist monks that's the way. that's the real key. honestly and people that don't care. about other people think about the opposite. sociopaths exactly so 500 million. dollars sounds kind of fun all right. uh next i have you know. the question and i need some advice. i stay late at my job. wednesdays and thursdays until six. o'clock it's a long day. eight to six and the last person. to close up the store. needs to set the alarm. the thing is though. there's a lot of chatty. caddies in the office and at six o'clock they're not. ready to leave but i have. to stay to. put the code in there. are random days where the executive. vice president and the person under her are just chatting it's like 6 10. at night i want to. go home it's been a long day. i just work nine hours. yeah 10 hours they say they don't want to. leave until i'm there so i could set the alarm. but they have a code. isn't that rude isn't that dick. why do i have to. stay an extra 15. 20 minutes longer sometimes when they have a code and they could set the alarm. they're making me stay when i want to. go home what do i do. what do i say to. people who have more power. than me yeah i need some advice. what's his what's his job. though do you know he's not he sounds. like he's just code. setter he's code setter dude. yeah that you gotta i mean. that's a power move. what they're doing that's not. it's just the power that's there's no. even if they don't realize it that is what it. is that is an insane. thing to do unless yeah because it is good. that you said i do think people do. [ __ ] like that without consciously. thinking you know what i'm going. to do oh death's on this. guy yeah they're just like this. is what i'm entitled to. that's how they actually think it's rarely. that i think it's more. yeah well yeah sure sure um because they might not be bad people they're just like oh you know. right in their subconscious. they're like i'm the boss. [ __ ] it yeah totally yeah um and also failing. marriages at home and everything. bad and they can't [ __ ] get a you know they can't get a word answers. with their [ __ ] wives or husbands. and now they they go like yo you got to. sit 10 minutes and [ __ ] put in the code when i walk out of the door. so now i feel good you're exactly. right and here's the problem. when it comes to. approaching them about just 1520 minutes whatever you say the chances. of them hearing you being a whiny. brat yeah are really high now. is that fair of course. not they're treating you suboptimally right. right but i don't know if i would advise. here's what it is is it. right that they're doing that. no but it's like you have to. weigh what's going on are. those 5020 minutes worth. either good treatment at work. uh continuing to work. there but keeping your job. yeah is it worth it. if it is do the thing. you got to do. but like you know if it's not i think maybe just eat it. sit on it at least. until it becomes maybe more egregious because the truth. of the matter is when people do [ __ ] like this they just keep that's pulling. and getting longer leash. next thing you know you'll be there. at seven and then you can say hey why you guys. keeping me a whole. hour after work i don't want to. be here yeah and i'm not getting. paid for this then you're in the right. without question but the 15. minutes are gonna be like oh i'm sorry. like it's so weird. you know well hopefully he gets paid. for the uh i think he's implying that he doesn't see. that well then he should then he should say yo. you guys sometimes keep me. 6 15. i i you know. i should get paid for that. hour yes yes do that that's the way. to go because it's it's actually probably it's probably. not legally true. yeah i mean we're presuming that. that's the case yeah it. sounds like that's the case. and if it is though. definitely that is the place. to live and if you're getting. paid for that extra hour. already you're [ __ ] right right. i don't do that a lot. but sometimes i gotta pull out. the toucan boys but what i don't. know you're [ __ ] you don't have ground to. stay we're working on but too bad. you're [ __ ] you're getting paid from six to. seven okay along with the rest. of the day when you do the toucan voice. i think you should have a prepared. like three or four words you're gonna. say right because when you go on like that it's the worst. it's like the worst experience sentences. it's the worst experience there. you go right because well not because no because of all right. nope because maybe you've been working. too long yeah yeah okay uh yeah dude make it about the money. just go up to. your boss and say listen. do it in the two. count boys listen benjamins. need more as if you need more benjamins. oh my god the boss. would be like sorry what can i talk. to you for a second. need more benjamins [laughter] what was the word. that you said benjamins. but i'm saying i need more benjamins. okay what's the part before. need more need more need more benjamins like i need to. get paid it'd be the worst. way i need to. get paid you know what it's 6. 30 we should all get home i'll see you tomorrow. jonathan we sure got him. this time i'm back. home all right all right well oh hey matt hey chris my name is randy never seen. something i live in tacoma washington i also live full time. in my truck i work monday. through friday i get saturday. and sunday off i also live in my truck. saturday and sunday i don't. have a house i don't have an apartment. and i don't have any roommate. arrangement a living situation my question. is how would i approach getting into. a relationship with a woman how would i confront her. about my living situation any tips. are much appreciated thank you bye. i mean his hygiene. looks so good that's crazy. you don't think of somebody who lives in their car. like that i don't know. where to start. do you you gotta have killer. swag dude well the thing. is in my truck actually more and more i was actually. reading about this more and more people are choosing to. do what this guy. does yeah where like it's actually. not that they can't. afford to get an apartment. or rent a house whatever it doesn't matter. it's that they're like i wanna. be i have this really nice. vehicle that i already own. or can own that is going. to be just as comfortable if not more. to me and it's a mobile. and it's this and it's that and he lives. in washington not downtown l.a right so i mean. i don't think i mean. the thing is always going. to be the way. you are about it. yeah so if you're just like whenever it. comes up you you talk about it. because and you talk about how much you like it. or yeah not from like a point. of defensiveness but like well no matter what it'll sound. effective if you enjoy that. lifestyle you want to. if it comes up. you just talk about it. and then and then be like and if don't worry if i ever move. into your house i'll just sleep. in the driveway in my truck. i'll just drive the truck. inside your house yeah that's how yeah. i'm in the living room. i mean honestly you just here's what. you do hey i um i live in my truck. and she says you live in your truck. and you say you don't yeah. that could work but it's actually the [ __ ] dude it's the [ __ ] but you're taking a oh that's him talking yeah right i mean that is bad yeah that is a bad idea i would never live in a house no matter what saying so much about the potential future you know um yeah that's a tough thing you got to. just own it i mean sometimes. there's no advice it's like you. gotta obviously you gotta meet the right. person dude you got to. meet the right person you gotta there's chicks that live in their truck i think moreover there's people out there. that don't care if you live. in your truck right. now trying to think if i but like they would care. if you were like it was time. to move in together. and he was like no. i live in my truck. what are you talking about. that would be a problem. okay so if you met a woman. and you had a house. and you and she had she was like i live. in my truck but she was dope. what would you do. move in you have her. move in yeah i mean. i'd ask you want to. move in yeah you're living. at your truck that wouldn't be a red. flag to you because it would kind of be. a little bit of a red flag. look and my sense from this. guy is that he actually has his stuff together. i could be wrong if at first. i'd be like that's so weird. but then if she showed me the truck. and i was like oh wait this. is like i get it. then i wouldn't be but i think yes like you you. know you don't as a general. rule it's a red flag. yeah yeah but right right. yeah it's something to. like inspect for sure. because if they live in their car. there's not nothing furnished inside. it's just a car inside. and like there's clothes everywhere. then it's like huge red flag. right you know what i mean. right um maybe this is different. cars like this car is my closet. this one over here. is the living room that's where the magic. happens all he owns in terms of uh properties a driveway. yeah um that's pretty wild. i wonder what that's like i bet. that that makes in a way. it's freeing yeah but that's what. i mean that's i think that's right. people do it yeah but uh yeah i think i think to. present it whenever it comes up. as something that you believe. in and are confident in without sounding. make sure you don't sound defensive. yeah exactly but he also he has a job. he does he works. every day on the weekdays. yeah so right well that's why. we're not saying first thing. move out of your car. yeah yeah yeah he's choosing to. live in his car. yeah um yeah all right. cool yeah yeah owner ownership is. the is the thing yeah and not just of the car. yeah all right hi. matt hi chris i'm a long time. listener of both congrats. and lifeline my question for you guys mostly for chris. though because he's been so open. about a struggle with ocd. which thank you because it helped. me to let my exboyfriend know that that's what he was dealing with and he's getting treatment now. but oh wow my question. is how do you make somebody with ocd. feel understood because i know that. it's a very misunderstood diagnosis. to have and it's very isolating as well um it's important. to me because my ex. has it we broke up. because of his ocd. who's having a relationship ocd really bad. and one of my best. friends um samantha also has it. so um i guess how how do i make them. feel understood how do i support. them um how do you and kristen do it. how do you maintain a relationship. when one of you has really bad. ocd what do you guys. do on the hard. days um any guidance that. you can offer would be really appreciated. um yeah so well it's weird. ocd is a weird thing because it presents. itself in such different ways with different. people um some days are really really really hard. for me and i try to. let kristen know or people i'm with no. if i trust them. um for me it's about minimizing. my anxiety but it sucks. because i like to. be quiet and have people be uh not bothering me. it's sometimes impossible i mean. now we have two kids. and [ __ ] so it's like you know she may need me and it's really tough um it's really hard to. not be short and not it's hard. for me to not get too. frustrated um but i try. to let her know when i have extreme. uh i'm having a bad day. uh it sucks that you guys. broke up over it uh i wonder. what she meant he's having relationship. ocd like what you know. what you remember that. well i i just took it as they tried. to um it's just been affecting the relationship. i mean she specifically said no he's suffering. from relationship i'll say that. i don't know what that is. right perfectly but um maybe he i'm sure. it causes it to. flare up when he's in a relationship. which is not which is normal. because it's stressful he's probably you know. dealing with some sort of whatever. happened to him when he was a kid. in his childhood and and now it's activated. because he's with somebody else intimately. and that can be a struggle. it's definitely it was a struggle. for me uh whenever i got into. a relationship when like letting the partner. know about ocd it got um it got [ __ ] up it got [ __ ] up um and uh it's hard but but uh i think that um she's asking for advice on how to. help him but she's the ex. right she yeah but she's still friends. with him and she has another friend who suffers from it. i think look one. way to understand ocd. in so far as i do. as someone who doesn't have. ocd but does have anxiety. is that the way. i had it explained. to me was by my therapist was ocd. and anxiety or or two branches. from the same tree it's actually. the same part of the brain. it's just the alchemy of it. that none of us understand. it is such that it manifests. in ways that are ocd. in some people and in anxiety. in other people and so if you think about it. on on that spectrum of anxiety. that anxiety depression spectrum. of like you know people who are depressed. people are anxious they're not choosing. to be anxious yeah. but also to. me i treat people with it is how i try to. control my anxiety is through. my ocd which is i have to. let that go but it's nearly impossible it's. like having tourette syndrome or something. like that like it's so hard. to not do the rituals and not under and not. feel that anxiety it feels so uncomfortable. so i have to. like i think honestly exposure therapy. is good um i did. some of that um i took a little bit. of i take a little bit of medication. for my ocd not a little bit i mean. i take some um i've tried different. medications so that's good. i think the best combo. is medication through and behavioral therapy. that can do uh really. good it did it did. well for me it's [ __ ] so hard man. but what she's asking is what would how should people be. about yourself well i think like i said it's different. for everybody but for me i think that it's best. to just not like when i'm going. through one of my things i just gotta sit down if people talk. to me it's worse. if people try to. help it's worse like they don't know what you're you're never going. to know what he's going. through in his head so it's kind of a solo. battle which kind of sucks. too because you feel like you're not connected. with them because they're not sharing. it with you but maybe during a down. time of it they can share. it to you like during during my parts. where i'm not as just i've told kristen. about it um and we joke. about it too that. helps um i used to. not even be able to. joke about it but um yeah it's just uh i think that let them. take the lead and and and it can be very frustrating. if it's too frustrating. then you know i guess you can't be with that. person um because it's it's you know you got to. have boundaries yourself yeah i mean i always expected when my either girlfriends or uh you know i've been married. not this is my second marriage. i always expected when i started dating somebody. when they found out about my ocd. it was gonna be too much. about them this is going. to be too much. for them and they were gonna leave me but man. i don't know women are amazing. they [ __ ] care you know and they wanna they wanna you know they're very loving or you know. they can be and so that never happened. but i don't know it's it's a really [ __ ] hard thing to. get through especially for also a partner. because you don't know. what the [ __ ] going on in their heads. so yeah let them know it's fine. let them know it's fine. yeah if you think it's fine. let them know it's fine. it's okay and you got to. deal with your [ __ ] and and and and i'll be here which i guess you guys broke up i don't know if you broke up. with you you broke up. with him but yeah and for your friend just let them. let your friend know it's okay. especially chicks they love talking about. it so good what's that. remember the uh oh no so mine. it was a snapple thing. yeah okay what's up. man chris loving the show. dude the earrings really appreciated. our 101 session super super cool my question. today is you know. i've become a sort of coffee. pickles espresso aficionado type guy. that's a pickle jar bragging. but it's like everywhere like that. i know how to. make it right you know. yeah because i'm starting to. make this stuff at my house. i got a whole machine. for it and stuff and now when i go. to coffee shops i know. when they're making it wrong. yeah they're not grinding black coffee freshly and pouring it out making another shot they're using that same. old coffee stale ground. is this crazy if i get four. shots they're running the same. what i want i know. they're doing it wrong they threw up. and i'm like huh. what is this right. do i say something or do i say thanks. i hated it poison. poison that's the place. help me you're grinding. my beans wrong that's all. i can say you're running. it through when you should make four extra shots [laughter]. oh come on now it's important. i think that let it. go man let it go yeah uh or start at the top of it. look i know i know what i know. what this looks like uh what what i need. hey i know what this. looks like dangly yeah yeah. i know what this looks like what. i need is it to. be done like this make a song out. of it get on the counter. start walking around uh uh he made it. wrong like bob grinding. my beans are wrong. they're [ __ ] it up i asked for a quad shot espresso not four. separation hot wow you use. the same [ __ ] thing to. make all the four shots god. damn it ah come on you're gonna arrest them his friends. ah cappers um why are you keep going. up grinding same shots it's the same shot nose grease so well what the [ __ ] dude um you you can't get mad at someone for making it the way that they make it with the paper straws all right tell them to. make it how you want it. if you think they're gonna [ __ ] it up let them know ahead of time be an annoying. customer up front yeah don't make them. do it twice or go. home and make it yourself if you know. they're gonna [ __ ] it up you such a huge ass. you're just like okay i'm gonna order. i bet they're not gonna get it. right in your head in your head. and then you watch them. the whole time like a [ __ ] eagle. they make the mistake. because you knew that. they would because that's how they do it. at this coffee shop. then they finally bring it. to you and you say um do it. at the beginning hey i want to. i want the espresso in a cup. ice you're gonna [ __ ] it up huh. right you're gonna [ __ ] it up you're gonna run it. through the beans like that twice. four times no you're not i want. a separate um yeah dude make it yourself. if you unless you enjoy see for me. i go to a place. that sometimes has worse. coffee than what i would. make but i enjoy going. to actually get the coffee. i enjoy walking in getting. it having them call my name. it's a whole ritual. i like to talk. about ocd like the worst. [ __ ] though i'm just thinking about i'm just steaming about this. while you're talking because you're talking about it. like you like the ritual. of going to some good. place to get a good cup. of coffee you like going. to the shittiest [ __ ] places i go. to any place i like the actual yeah. except when you get the coffee. at the good place. you say ah what the [ __ ] is this sometimes. yeah and that's a wrong. way to be wow you. like bad [ __ ] that's not true. necessarily jones on third has good coffee. alf alfred's has bad coffee. dude no and then sometimes you think a place. has [ __ ] good coffee [ __ ] alfred and sometimes you think a place has bad coffee like i went to. where did i go. and i kept going and i kept and the four shots. were awful and then one day i was like dude. just give me the i have the cobra. i got it cobra's fantastic. so now i'm just gonna get the cobra there. sometimes you got to. figure out what they got that's just there. the thing about it try. something else why i'm so triggered is because it's not just coffee. for you yeah like that about everything. right you're like the shitty. version no yes i like the good. stuff because i'm no frills i'm mister no frills hey mr. nope wait was it mr. big stuff who do you think. you are ah mr. no frills that's who i am doing i get it. yeah yeah you didn't need to. so the big so big so so mr. big stuff so yeah. i um yeah go order. something else there try something. else try different things there's some coffee. shops some coffee shops excel. in other drinks that you wouldn't. necessarily get i don't like to. get cold brew too much. but sometimes when i'm out of place. i get the cold brew. because i know the espresso [ __ ] if you want it. the way a specific way tell them. true just say it that is. true when you go to. especially when you go to. these [ __ ] chains of starbucks. yeah do it like this. i don't want to. share i want two. pumps to the thing. you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] anyway it's just be like you're way less of an [ __ ] to. do it then than after dude. that you're even asking if you should say it. after is mindboggling to. me obviously say it up. front yeah this guy doesn't know. what's going on this. guy's getting it wrong. dude you're doing you're giving the earring. a bad name change or take the earring. out he has a side necktie and an earring. okay well you did you notice. that you're giving us a bad. name man did you notice. that get with the program. yeah dude hopefully you don't have a big. dick you give us all a bad. name we have that too right. it's crazy okay anthony's penis would fit in the bag. though that meant microscopic it's in there. you want to. have sex hold on. one second hahaha oh you saw. cute dog what time. what time i'm just weighing whether to. tell the story yeah yeah you did i won't mention any names. but i'll tell the story uh a girlfriend of mine. was telling me a story that. she had sex with a guy. who his he who a was as big. as a thimble okay and i was like it. wasn't me and i was like well what are you. like what do you mean. like how big was it. really yep and she said it was like a thimble. man it was a thimble. wow i thought of a thimble. whoa peeking out the hair. and i was like it's one thing. i was like but but that's a joke. you're telling a joke. and i get it and i think it's funny. but what size was the penis. oh yeah and it just went. on and on i just couldn't look. we're talking and i said okay. show me the size you mean. that yeah like this. yep yep i said it's a [ __ ] basically i mean this is it that is that is a dick. this is how you have this. is how you give oral sex. to that guy oh man. no this is not oh gross. dude nose [ __ ] that's not oral. yeah well it's facial hazel nasal sex. nasal [ __ ] ill you. ever nasal sex ever. nasal [ __ ] um this. is how you jerk. them off cleaning windows oh man. windex would hurt. so don't hurt so. bad nicholas cage um i personally think that uh i yeah that guy wasn't me i have a huge penis. okay i personally think that is a huge bummer. that that's true do you know. what i mean have a small penis. infection no not a small. penis that what uh that's a symbol. thumbnail thimble thimble dude i mean it. sounds like we're saying symbol with. a list it was a thimble. and really what was it. it was like a circular. wide laughs uh yeah she just had a lisp. that's true yeah uh no but do you know. what i mean about the world. it's so disillusioning to. know that there are men out. there with that size of penis. it's like my heart breaks. yeah not me dude. get good at like other stuff. it doesn't really matter if you have a small penis. now i will tell you this. it matters for your own. man stop saying small p that's not what a small penis is that is the biggest the size of my pee it's called. a micropenis it is yeah but i don't know because i looked it. up but that's not a small penis. right i know it's like saying small people. or in short people. those are not the same. things okay so so micro penis. is the medical term of. it and i don't have one. i've seen the images on the internet. about it not in real. life because i'm not getting exactly. wrong with that yeah so you can do. that have you actually seen pictures. i'm asking micro penis google. micropenis i would get upset. dude like i said it. is it is disheartening. to me i get sad. i gotta take a minute. really yeah dude yeah i don't i go. like this yeah because you're less caring and less than i'm not i'm an empath. you're the opposite of an empire. no i'm an empath no. all right well i am an empath. but i covered it. up we do more wow. no i feel like i feel like honestly. i like this penis. talk but okay if you have a like one of those pasta. shell penises right. where it's just the shell. you know what i'm talking. about do you know. i know the pasta but i don't know well it. did because it looks like a little like a little curved. like like one of those mario brothers. uh turtle shells like that's what your penis. looks like oh that's what it. looks okay all not green. okay red but right. no they're green yeah but um yep and green. if you had an std and so yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and so um and you take your penis. out he goes um and then you put it in your vagina. goes running a bird. thank you that's how you have sex. if you have a little uh penis. uh the size no oh he's doing. it again i love i love that he's doing it. again um so anyway dude. um i think that micropenis. is a real thing and and that's uh it. affects your whole life it. it gets in your head i don't have a big. penis that's all you're thinking. about in real life. that's all you're thinking about it's like honestly. having hiv like you can't stop thinking about it. you're just doing other things too. relax though because one is gonna literally kill. you and the other one isn't but i know. but i'm saying like the movie what it. is is it's an existential health yeah. exactly you're living same because all you're thinking about is hiv. why would i bother. getting into this relationship or that. relationship when they're going to. see this little symbol anyway. that that is what breaks my heart. about it because you'll be a movie theater. you'll be at a movie theater. and they'll be like would you want butter. in your popcorn and in your head. before you actually be like doesn't matter i have a really [ __ ] micropenis uh yeah i have butter like that's how your whole. life would be i don't think it. extends to movie theater. i do uh i do i personally do. like fast x is cool. i have a small penis. but look at vin diesel. it it is all about family. oh god i have a [ __ ] conch shell for a penis. but whoa [laughter]. oh man see even though. i'm laughing i'm not well. totally out after the pain. there's laugh at the pain. i'm not totally happy about. it yeah all right. well should we do one yeah yeah. i'm hot here we go hey. guys uh love you guys. so my question is i'm seeing two. females knew something was up. with this guy one. one someone who who likes. to do the horizontal slam. mambo uh uh multiple times a week. and it's great but we don't connect. much on a personal level. whereas the other one. we connect great on a personal. level have very good conversations. but the horizontal slamming is limited. to once a week or once. every couple weeks so just in your opinion. what should i do um and in the past. i went with the one. that loved to. do the slamming and she cheated on me. so oh whoa yeah any advice. would be great thanks. brother we first of all. we've had this before yeah. pause it it's like an ageold. like was it the same. exact guy no because he did a video. of it the other guy. had a video it was a different. guy really this is an ageold. thing if you're a player. player this is how it goes dude. sounds like a young guy you know. he's a player his. own question dude i know what is he very well put is it very well thought out. and then the very andy answers. his own question and then pretends like he did. yeah is he possibly. a dumb [ __ ] i mean he's a complete dumb [ __ ] yeah you go with the one the guy wants to. but he loves the sex you. go with the one. that's not gonna cheat on. you well you don't know. she's gonna cheat on him. you can't just use your past. experiences to color. your your future experiences. like that wait i'm sorry. isn't he saying it's the same. two women and it's the one. oh oh he did not necessarily say that. it could be true. but he said in the past. i've done this situation and you know. oh he didn't mean no. he didn't no he didn't. oh no okay well then anyways. if he does he's a [ __ ] idiot i think that it's true. what chris is alluding. to which is that just because someone likes to. have a lot of sex. doesn't mean that they're gonna go. do it it doesn't mean. they're gonna back with other people. whoops oops yeah 100 so then oops. to what you said right. but he's a player. player and he's not that's not indicative of someone who cheats. it just isn't um in fact. it's just as likely that the person. that refuses to. have sex with you a lot. is cheating and like doesn't want to. actually have sex with two. people anyway so it's like don't take that. as a sign of what is in front. of you right now i would say and you kind of also answered. this that like beyond. the the if you just want to. date around and it's like casual. do whichever one you want in fact keep seeing both. as long as you're not lying. about it but like if you're looking for an actual relationship. i can tell you one. gazillion out of one gazillion times if the thing you're seeking is an actual relationship. the one that you get along. with best is going to. be the one that has the best chance to. succeed long term because that sex. that desire to. [ __ ] like rabbits if it doesn't go away it diminishes greatly. over time and what's left. is just that other person you better. [ __ ] like that person otherwise you're going to. be cheating and she's going to. be cheating also and it's a whole waste. of time good also um i have this. thing where like he's asking. this question they're both not right. it doesn't matter you know. when you know dude. he sounds young right. um like in his 20s. i think he sounds like he's at least. 30. okay well i mean it. depends on where you are. that could still be young. in l.a if it is but you know uh if you're wanting to. settle down they're both wrong. because you just know it's true. right you know if you're wanting a casual. relationship that it doesn't matter what you're doing as long as you're being you're not lying. to them yeah right. yeah so both of those things. matter if you are the kind of guy. that you're like i should be in a relay it's no. should or shouldn't you do. what you want to. do just don't lie to. them about it like i used. to do and um and be upfront. and then and then but you don't want to. be with either of them. is that just period. because you can find the best. of both worlds let me make. sure i understand why you're saying that. you're saying only because he would know or because like neither one. of them is jumping across and saying. hey it's not clear that one. of them is for him so you're saying neither one. is which one is it. i don't understand the difference. of what you're saying. the difference is of what i'm saying. is like you're talking about. here it's either a feeling. or it's an actual assessment of the two. people which one are you. saying feelings okay yeah. he would know you would know. you wouldn't be who should i be with you're not. you're not are you in love. with both of them which i guess. could happen if you are then it's a little bit more. complicated but it feels like you're not that's that's really pretty rare i mean in my life between love true. love oh yeah it's pretty. rare so i'm not saying drop them. both but be honest if they ask. you you know yeah i think is it. sounded like maybe he what they did. know like it's still i'm reading. into this admittedly but it sounds like he was saying. a thing that seems out. in the open but then again. he didn't own voice only they probably have no. idea and i bet he has lied. about it so step. one stop lying and in that stopping lying. you should at the very least decide which one of those. two you are most interested. in that being said they might not. be so interested in you. after they learn that you're also dating. someone else while you're dating them. so look in the [ __ ] mirror okay i guess that's good man. should that be it yeah i don't know. i don't think yeah that's the last one. all right cool well then that's good. man i feel like uh we did. a lot of really good advices. yeah yeah we did good. is it really hot. in here right now oh it's [ __ ] extremely hot it's interesting. i always feel hot and i don't right. now isn't that weird the inside. of your body is a certain thing. even though the outside is always constant yeah. right i'm always always always too hot. though and now i'm not i'm wondering why sometimes 75. degrees is too hot sometimes it's not and it depends on you what a philosopher i'm a philosopher and i'll also be in knoxville charlotte. knoxville charlotte cleveland uh nashville montreal. uh vegas chrysalia dot com. uh and then you can go to. uh uh the different websites. which anthony doesn't have up. so that's cool so he's fired. um and oh patreon dot com. there's another episode of lifeline. luxury patreon dot com lifeline. luxury uh and uh if you have a question. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message. on the hotline 2139738095 or. if you want a oneonone session. with me go to. mattelia dot com to. book that and of course get the beautiful. new lifeline merch at lifelinemerch dot com. it's gone fast it's going. going going going going almost gone you're going. to want to. get it now i'm chris. berman thank you hello. hello hello hello [music] 