 to either test. out the horizontal mambo or tell her. you don't want to. ruin the friendship those are the only two things. if you're going to. test out the horizontal. mambo though say let's just test. out let's give it a try let's give it a whirl. sweetie dude sweetie i'll come here come on sit down there swoot. it all let's test it. out there we go oh my god there we go that's nice and like sweetie dog here. we go and turn around. and oh and there we go. and up oh and there we go. yeah that's not gonna work. out rank hello hello hello [music]. and action okay what's up. what's up dude you know. like you know uh welcome. to lifeline this is the world's greatest. podcast and you can scientifically. prove that so do not argue and say you agree. in the comments and they do agree. and then say you agree. and then i'll respond. and i'll say i agree with you agreeing. with me you know. what um i added a sunday. show in las vegas i'm going. to be in vegas soon. um i'm gonna do it's not necessarily that. don't push me toward i'm gonna be out. there i'm going to. be doing all sorts of different. stuff i'm not going to. do my normal tour. i'm gonna do new stuff. and different stuff and some of the tour. but yeah is that interesting. yeah but it's not really. about anything to. do with what i said but it's cool. but when you say new stuff. you mean like carrot top you're gonna. have a treasure chest. up on vegas i'm gonna do that. yeah you mean just for the vegas. show we're gonna you're gonna not do well it's at a club. so it's not at a big. theater so i'm gonna i'm doing it. to come up with oh uh at least. i'm not gonna do all new. stuff i'm still gonna do some of it. don't push me stuff. but i want to. give myself a small a smaller. audience so i can do test. stuff out if i want to. right so anyway i'll be there go to. chrislea dot com but i'll also be in charlotte. knoxville um and a bunch of different. other places uh nashville montreal. go check it out little rock. arkansas i always forget about that. one for good reason but i'm gonna be in the world. arkansas for the first time um got a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com dude and i forgot. the hoodie i was gonna wear the hoodie. today the lifeline merch you mess. up my merch dot com. it's very cool um uh oneonone with me. matelia dot com book. it book it baby and also uh the patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury it's absolutely killing. and we love it. and it's a good time. and it's mia and matt. bantern and uh we come out. with a bunch of episodes. a month and it's cool. man it's worth it. shaking it up huh. yep what's that about this. is magic mind oh. i love magic mike. no not magic that's the movie. nope this is the movie. magic oh wow it's so much smaller. and real physical material than i thought. um okay go ahead channing tatum is. so good enough uh the uh this is really. good i drink it with my coffee. and i'm sharper for it. so there we go you want. to know story oh my and that's the cool. thing about those little bottles. is that you can hear. look it's so bad. bad promo look a good promo though. well let me do good. promo bad promo but good promo look. i go like this i'm doing my magic. mine it's a [ __ ] no i don't like that part but that's the cool. thing about those bottles. you could do that anywhere. you could do this anywhere. too yeah i guess. so um but anyway uh so that's what's going. on dude remember when you did. this fake slate. i do okay i was in in college. i was in a short. film with this like i was i guess. it was i was the colead with this. one guy up a dream. and the guy was like super religious. and he like made it known. okay which means that if you're in a group. of people and that person's there. no one's allowed to. have fun yeah i mean because everyone's like he made it known. i don't want to. like yeah that just sucks. it's totally sucks the guy. sucked hey so i don't. like him and because it was a college. thing in the short. film everybody was like sleeping. in one house six people in a room. or whatever and that guy. was in the room i was sleeping. in and he was even. annoying like when we would go. to sleep what do you. mean like how just like policing everyone's language. and stuff oh god yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah so it was yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we were shooting in maryland. and it was everything. about this is awful. dead of winter everything about this. is awful it's terrible. dude we stayed there. for the director was babadook uh we stayed there. for a whole weekend and because i was in it. so much because i was i'm a star. really and the director knew me knew. do that and cast me because i'm a star. and um and cincy we were both acting in this. one scene me and the religious. guy at like two or three. a.m it was everything about this. office it was like two degrees. we had a wardrobe on that. wasn't like for winter i had like cowboy. boots and like a vest. oh my god yeah okay. so and it was all wet. water was seated anyway. so we're in there. and everybody's getting frustrated. that religious guy's getting. frustrated because he's always at. least he's returned to. god you know and we're like rushing to. do a take and nobody's a pro. because it's college and the slate. the girl doing slave. uh who i don't remember who it. was um was like hurrying and did it. and and i wasn't really paying attention. it was a closeup on him. so it was like in front of him. and i'm just like getting my [ __ ] ready. and then all of a sudden i just hear okay. slate and then and then ah and i look over dude. he had got his nose clamped. come on in the slate. yeah because it was like and it just got it. pinched them right here and he was like ah and he was saying. all like noncurse words that are. replaced yeah yeah yeah yeah by sure what the flip. you know oh my gosh. dude that's hilarious that. was honestly i think about all the time. yeah yeah i would too now. now that's how you know. that god was on your side. yeah well or yeah right. yeah exactly yeah wrong. god muhammad's up there just like yeah. you know or god's just like can you stop dude. just stop talking stop trying to. get everybody on board and then god just goes like this. and nudges the little right. oh sorry blew a wind and she's yeah that's hilarious. was it all red oh dude. it was already red so. it turned like right almost they needed to. do more makeup hold wow dude. yeah oh my gosh yeah i don't. even i don't even know if she knew like she was hurrying. around so much and the clap. it did make the sound so i don't think she was even. like i mean it was such a surprise. you know but yeah that's awesome. it was a great surprise. i always wonder if that happens. like that i wonder what the who that. because it's definitely happened. before oh yeah i wonder. who the biggest stars ever. happened to it's just like tom cruise. you know oh my god the flip. and he flips out who i get the most mad. russell crow dude russell crowe would get quiet. mad make sure the person's fired and then also do other stuff. after that to the person. like like psychologically oh oh yeah. not physically no no no no no he would do physical. stuff like throwing stuff but not at the person. but like he would he would go like they would go and you go [laughter]. and then and then later on after the day's over. he's like i don't think that. she's right for the job. like she's good she's australian now i don't. think she's careless yeah. and then uh she would get fired. and then we'd go home and it would be like at home. and he would just like be online. and like he'd be like online. dude those circles never been online. in his life dude. i heard that russell crowe. is so mad so mad at um uh people asking him. about gladiator too you know. how they're doing another gladiator movie. oh yeah and obviously he's not in it. because he's dead it's his character. andy's fat right well no but he could be the teacher. or something okay but i heard that. he's like i i should be getting. paid he one of his coaches. i should be getting paid. with how much people are asking me about [ __ ] gladiator too i'm sure he thinks he should be getting paid. because he made it so iconic it wouldn't be worth anything. to remake in the first place. if he wasn't in it. sure was in it. uh you know oh no. come on pedro pascal's. in it oh of course i mean. of course the most of course denzel washington what i heard. denzel yep is he the guy. that it's about i don't know. because if it's a denzel movie you know. i'm first in line i don't think it's a denzel. movie oh i mean why would he says i was getting to. the age where it's just like although he's they're doing. equalizer with three now dude right there's so many yeah so there's so many equalizer movies and now this i gotta see it now i was never gonna see this but now denzel isn't it well they have they've got big actors in it which i thought if they were gonna make a gladiator two or whatever the hell it's going to. be called um i would i would have thought that. it would have been the lower tier. one no but if ridley's directing it's like a prestige sequel. it's not right but really scott's done. some awful [ __ ] but people don't think that people in hollywood still think really scott is like one of the greatest really legendary filmmakers he's directing right yeah yeah uh what has he done lately go to. he recently did the the movies. about the fashion people. gucci house of gucci oh. is that good that's not bad. literally hasn't been good since like the late 70s. that's going crazy oh this. is that's producing yeah anthony. messed it up by not doing just what. he directed well yeah and anthony messes up a lot. of stuff anthony messed up. um he was taking too. long to respond. to us on text. today so that there's that too he also said that. uh i said it uh how he said dead. reckoning is gonna be a big. hit and i said yeah. because it's an established. franchise and tom cruise. is in it and he said i said and i said that. always make means that somebody's going. to do well and he said the flash. was an established franchise. in a bombed and it wasn't and it wasn't an establishment at all. but he was saying that it's a dc. thing that they tried to. establish in the justice league right. which is not at all the same. thing it's not but i understand. what he was trying. to say but i do too but it's just because you understand. he was just crying but michael keaton's batman. was in you know a different. argument yeah no that. wouldn't that wouldn't count but yeah but michael keaton's batman. in it but uh so yeah you got you you were wrong. so anyway so it's all good. that you were wrong. did you read did. you see the marsh explain alien. covenant then was that that bombed as an established. franchise that had already fallen. off though true. just because something's a sequel. doesn't mean it's gonna be a hit no. that's not the only reason that had tom cruise. in it it would be a it would have been a massive. hit yeah it wouldn't matter i mean. remember when tom cruise. actually hit a speed bump. in his career no and he was in the mummy. oh yeah remember that. everyone was like is tom cruise. over and he was just like i'll do mission. impossible no you know yeah and then he made mission. impossible his speaking of which he wasn't russell crowe in that the mummy yeah he was going to. be uh van helsing or something. they were trying to. set up the whole universe. you know oh really yeah so it was so bad. i don't even remember russell. crowe uh he was like dr. frankenstein or something oh wow. wow uh anyway uh yeah so that's what's up. i want wrestler to. get into back into. real acting again like when he wasn't just like a movie. star that showed up but there was gladiator there. was the insider yeah the insider. is like he looks like but that's it. though really no no no no no he was uh what else was he good. in uh well i mean there's this stuff that. la confidential the stuff that got him. over yeah oh right right right. right right right in australia. yeah but l.a confidential was big. huge i mean that's what kind of made. him a star right. right what's the master and commander. master and commander was a. really big one that movie was such a big. hit it was mastering commander. yeah dude that was like the day. when you it was still like big. male action stuff i didn't know. that stuff yeah peter weird. directed that [ __ ] dude movie god he's been in everything. huh he was really. falling off around body of lies. and then that state of uh what is that. one that oh my god i think proof. of life was a big. hit that was after cinderella man. was just like that's when he started. going down really it. wasn't big no how do you know. 310 of yuma was big. because it was a bomb. virtualacity my favorite he's amazing. in that my favorite my favorite. russell crow film i do. love virtuosity i really do all right. well anyway enough talking about russell crowe no. this is the russell crowe podcast. the russell crowcast yeah uh crowcast if he if he had a podcast called crowcast. dude i bet he does. he only had camera crow on it. um and then in a real crow and the black crows. yeah what do you think rob. oh um all right so let's go. into some stuff yeah but yeah well we'll do. we'll do we'll talk about stuff. for lifeline luxury a good lifeline. larger uh but patreon dot com. life and i agree all right. it's good i've seen a video. in a while ago. about gambling addiction. oh yeah i was shirtless and as you can see. i got that shirt back. there we go all right. no but uh i made that video long. before i submitted it i had some friends. that are fans of yours. that were like submitted it'll be on the show. and i was like all right. i've submitted before it probably won't be yeah here you are sure. everyone submitted a lot of videos. and then it was on father's day. and i was like [ __ ] i need to. rectify this so between the time i actually recorded that video and now. this is spence months. i have started a company with my friend. and i make a quarter million dollars. a year roughly wow. and i haven't gambled and gambling. wasn't really about money. more than it was about maybe i was drinking. so i'm going to. poker online and i would drink and get home. and get on my phone. and like yeah put 200 bucks. on time yeah sometimes win. like five grand or lose. it or whatever keep going. keep going you know. how it is i do but um to. run this company and be successful. as we are i had. to put drinking on the back. burner with that the urge. and the need to. play poker online or to. to gamble has is is diminished. completely i have no urge. i don't care um. i've been addicted to. multiple things historically with different drugs. and stuff and i knew that. alcohol was a substitution in the gambling. on top of that was another. one and removing the drinking. and just being hardpressed about removing it took. away that like potential loss of money. with gambling and stuff. like that so i'm good just so you know. but to answer questions. chris yes i did try. to stop when i was drinking. and i couldn't stop gambling or drinking. so it took the measures. of the initial thing to. stop and know matt i didn't bet. 50 or 60 000 like you thought in the last video. i said that i had made forty to. sixty thousand dollars uh profit. and two years playing poker i probably bet. 10 grand over the course. of two years and made 60 grand. so it was like good. but sometimes the swings. would be like 800 or a thousand. or two thousand i wouldn't have money. for what i needed so yes chris i have lost. money that i've needed right. but that's all done now. and i'm in a place. where my family's fed everything's good. i have no need i have extra money no. need to ask for more. money on gambling and no. need to drink yeah so i think i'm in a place. now where maybe i'm fortunate or maybe i just have a good. head on my shoulders to. walk away from it but this one as you know cool. your advice was spot on and i'm good. thanks buddy thank you guys. you know what yeah just uh you know. uh stay awake and don't get too. comfortable but i will say though. we were just talking about this. man like so weird that uh addiction. it just permeates into. other stuff if you don't. keep yourself in check you know. like if you have that is very true. yeah if you have a gambling. addiction and then you get get you. you you just stop gambling. and you don't like do the recovery. work it could you know. morph into a drinking. or uh or or sex or online. or porn or whatever it is. um blasting hookers in an. alleyway whatever the the thing is. you know what i mean. yeah um but yeah that that. is uh really um you got to. get to the root of it. which i you know i i always think you know. it's just about what happened. to you and when you were younger. and what you got you. didn't get what you needed. and and you're using these things. to cope and some are not so healthy and gambling. is not so healthy and drinking. is not so healthy um but yeah i i uh that's good. dude you got your shirt. back and that's great and it sounds like this. guy's super successful it sounds like yeah. when i was in rehab man. everybody also had addictions with other [ __ ] too it was like and i mean i'm talking about like you know there were people in there for what they thought was a sex addiction. that they which which was but then they realized that. it was and you know this. guy's one guy's addicted to. uh violence like there was a guy. was addicted to. violence and there was a guy. who's addicted to. like you know these intrusive thoughts. of you know i was in rehab. and one time the guy. a guy said to. me uh um you ever get like thoughts. about like killing people. and i was like no no. no no you know and he was like yeah. he's like i've always had a fantasy. of just like holding somebody's head under water. in a sink and like just and like just killing. them that way and i was like huh. oh my god i was like huh. that's interesting thing to. bring up somebody you don't. know extremely i just i just [ __ ] too much. but yeah that's i mean he he um oh i knew him. really well because it was i was there. for a while yeah yeah yeah yeah but um and i was like what. is it about that and he was like just the intimacy. of like them almost being able. to get out but they can't. and i was like that's that's what makes me. upset about it yeah no [ __ ] not also if i told you what he did for a living you'd be shocked i'll tell you off air okay but it's unbelievable you're like oh you're out there you guys are out there yeah maybe i don't want to. know yeah well i'll let it i'll let it i'm gonna tell you no. matter what yeah but um so anyway so that kind of stuff. is like addiction. is it's very uh pervasive right. so there you go. it's like uh spilled water. it'll always find the crack. you know make sure you don't spill. the water bruce lee the addiction. is like spoon made him english. at the end they just get something. all right all right next. one hey matt and chris love. your show i listen every single week. um discuss it with my sisters every single week okay guys um you guys have the same exact humor as me and my sisters do and we're all around the same age. so like you reference a lot. of the inside jokes. that we had growing up. and movies and stuff so it's really cool. to listen to. you guys every week and share that. with each other um i am submitting this. video about episode 62. love and life matt uh you sang this. song love and life and you mentioned that you can't remember where you heard your song. from um i believe i know. which song you're talking about it's from a movie. from the 90s called. house guest with phil hartman and wow um this. is it a song oh my gosh. dude and let me know dude. that's it oh my goodness. oh my god is that really what it. is yes dude loving. life house guests with phil. hartman and uh simbad yep i mean. i've watched the movie so it. must be that i know. that movie is [ __ ] hilarious. right yeah dude that movie. is very funny all right. let's see when sinbad's in the dentist. has to has nothing oh my god. has to act like he's a dentist. yeah oh that part's. so funny yeah but we can't play. this on here we're gonna get demonetized. right here we go the pro. shop will fix yeah well the two of the funniest people dude. i know truly ever look. at hartman [music] dude. that's crazy that you've been seeing that. so much forever and that's what it's from. loving life okay whoever i don't think she said her name write to. me on instagram and i want to. thank you that is amazing. dude you did it. thank you how the f. like how she even said it. growing up with the same thing. same inside joke yeah. yeah yeah one of her. sisters was like what's that. one thing those goes like love. and life and her sister was like oh it's from housekeeper. how did she giving her sister. the credit but how did she she's a genius. but how did how do you remember that. that's so weird that that but we remember weird. stuff though i know i know i know but this it. just reaches it just goes to. show you how massive this. podcast is the number one. practice in the world yeah it is um wow. that's crazy i really did do it. that was it literally been trying. to figure that out yeah. for a long time way over a decade. oh dude you've been always sending. voicemail to love and laugh. dude and you and chris. everybody always thought it wasn't a real. song yeah i just thought you were making a like an idiot no i mean. i wow that's so bad. there's a song called love. and life you know it's my favorite. song now i know where to. how to listen. to it now you can let's do. it in the car and stuff. yeah dude set my alarm. in the morning to. it wow so 90s. that whole thing wow the whole thing. when they're doing that yep. oh wow everybody that in like there's the most. chevy chase thing. in the world you know. oh wow you know what fletch. sucked okay flash did suck. and also so did everything. chevy chase ever. did it really saft. the vacation thing like oh that's his thing. but dude he's not a real. guy really yeah i like him. in that paul simon video. but that's nothing there's nothing that's just him. goofing off but something. is nothing yeah all right. cool speaking for harmony and caddyshack what what the [ __ ] did you say to. me isn't chevy chase i. actually don't know i know probably makes sense. but it's robert rodney dangerfield robert dangerfield rodney. dangerfield um bill murray uh i bet. chevy's also in it jim. belushi's in it right. yeah i don't know john. sorry perry mason and jim. belushi all right cool uh next one it's australian what's up. you guys this is patrick from. san diego um before i get started i just want. to say thank you for doing. the podcast you two are some of the funniest. people i know oh yeah um and i even used to. listen to loveline a lot. when i was younger. so youtube to. come together and kind of recreate. that has been amazing. uh my question today is about my girlfriend. she is the absolute love. of my life but sometimes she can get a little carried. away with her obsessive tendencies and uh superstitions to. be particular she gets in the car. the other day and tells me that. she's been researching superstitions oh no. and that she would like to. start following the one. that says that you're not supposed. to whistle indoors because you don't know what type of entities. you may be summoning i mean. with your whistling that's not yeah. that's not something i mean. i am a very musical. person i whistle all the time. right so i felt a little you. know taken back by this statement. yeah um deal breaker please. let me know any advice. you guys have for that particular. thing as well as any advice. you have for living with somebody. who has those kind of obsessive. tendencies and may you know lean. into them uh more than you do. um let me know look here's the here's the here's here's the deal. yeah if you are prone. to being superstitious don't no. go into the world and look for more 100. they always get in the way. don't so they're not google. it they're not genuine they're not genuine like you don't go. get someone else's superstitions you. have your own ones that you wish you didn't have. yeah but you have them. and you hate them and that's that's how it is. though you gotta have a strict rule. sweetie don't go looking for. more problems you're not gonna google. [ __ ] you're not gonna google superstitions. and be like oh there are no. more they're gonna have a bunch of them. after that yeah and whistling endorse is fine. dude oh no i know but it's just it's just so. silly and that's a big. problem and she needs to. i call it the nipping in the bud. what you want to. do is you got to. just if you really wanted to. make it stop you wanna. take out her eyes. you want to. say it's exactly like fill in the blank about. a thing that she hates. and i'm sure you can find it. whether that's like religion or any kind of like group. think or kind of illogical. thing that she doesn't isn't into. all you want to. do is compare to. that and say they're the exact. same thing yeah and that. could work because also you're not lying. it's not like a strategy to. like guess no yeah that's just true. you know what i mean. so don't welcome try. to make it try to. make her understand that it. is completely empty of meaning entirely. that's not gonna help uh and and that's why. i mean look you're not going. to change her mind. but you have to. at least change her mind. about what you do. yeah also expose your therapy. so just whistle more in the house. you know it's it's not going. to do that only in houses. where there's demons that will be bad though. you don't want to. just whistle you want to. make sure that you have the kind of whistle. that brings out summons things. yeah yeah you got to. be you gotta you gotta really. nip this in the butt. if you don't you can't be love and laughing. yeah we can't even call. it actually we could call 11. life part two this episode. no but we can't we could but we're not. we could franchise. love in life and we could make it. a universe yeah below and then make the love and life podcast. yeah we would actually be so big it. would be like marvel hmm. you're like dc um so yeah. i don't know i mean. uh that's horrible but she's got to. get help for that because that sucks. and that's a mental that's a it's ocd. really is what it is. that's a very i just i've got to. be honest i've never known. anyone who's like i'm a superstitious. person let me go out into. the world and like i'm like a vessel for superstition. let me just like find other superstitions. and then i'll like live my life. according to them that is gonna eventually. just never leave her right. that's a recipe for being an active. recipe for disaster he's a agoraphobe what is the agoraphobia. um so they're afraid of agora. hills stupid don't ever [ __ ] say that. to me again. um so he so yeah i i that's being obsessive about that. [ __ ] is i don't it is so weird. that she would want to. go out and find more because the truth. is i hate that stuff. so much exactly that i don't want. to know more stuff yeah right. i'll turn off a tv show. if it's gonna be like triggering for me. and my ocd or something. like that she's playing with fire. ask her why she's playing with fire. why would she be like a fire. honey why are you playing with fire. sweetie listen i don't understand. why there's a bunch of fire. around here playing with it. let's discuss and then get into. it and then you could be love and live loving. life now that's a real song. i can sing it. see yeah i knew it. all along i feel so vindicated that's my wife. that's my wife the woman. who said what the song. was we're married oh okay. not now we're married. yeah already now after she's like basically went. through a ceremony i haven't asked her yet. i don't know her name. but it's official i don't know. where she is i don't know. anything about her but we're married. okay cool so i wonder where she is. yeah me too actually i love. you guys love the podcast. uh chris i will see you. in hamilton in september yeah. super excited um so i'm looking for you. guys advice on how to. tell my parents it's time. to put down a family. dog um he is 19. years old i love him. to death i have him. tattooed on my arm like he's i'm 28. so he's been around. for my entire life pretty much. wow um but he is blind. he's deaf he has dementia. um he doesn't have any teeth. he attacks everybody because he doesn't know. where he is or who we are. um he barely eats so he's like skin. and bones um and yeah the quality of life. is just like not that. great anymore but my parents. are in complete denial. um i no longer live at home. and i have my own dog. so i've been trying to. kind of like tell them. what i'm seeing from the outside. but they're just like complete denial. yeah and i don't want to. be the person that's like pushing. to kill the family. dog but i also know that like it. might be the responsible thing. to do to put them down. and his quality of life. isn't that great right. now so yeah i'm just looking. for advice on how to. kind of make them see. that um yeah i'd appreciate it. okay so let me ask you. a question why is it. responsible to kill a. dog what why is it. responsible to kill the. dog well that's gonna be baked into. my advice so let me just do it. all of this okay. so you clearly love this. dog and everyone knows that. especially your parents you literally have the dog. tattooed on your arm you grew. up with a dog the dog's basically a [ __ ] family member. to you specifically at this. point not that it's a competition but you could make a case that you are the most attached to. the star remind your parents. how deep your love is. for this dog how much you want it. to live forever even though. that's unrealistic all of that. and say as that. person who loves this our dog. so much i see it. in pain and it's never going. to get better in fact. it's only going to. continue to. get worse which it has been doing. for a long time now and as the as someone. who loves the dog. i have to put forth. the idea that i think it's the better. thing to do to. put the dog out of its business. more humane it's more humane and in fact. what you're doing now you know. this is where you got to. be really careful. but in plain english. to you not you to. them they're being extremely selfish. they're not actually caring for the dog. yeah there's a thresh there's a there's a tipping. point where at some point. it's like you're you're keeping the dog. alive just for you. yeah and the dog would rather. be out of its misery. that is where you're at. now for sure what you just described. is well beyond any dog that. i've ever put down and i've had to. put dogs down that i love very much because they're their life sucks. dude it's like they're it's like they're in hell. and and ending their life. would take them out. of hell and into. vast nothingness that is like. way better than hell. what about if i'm well. okay so let me be devil's. advocate alive isn't better than everything. let me just that's that's the point. vote for me alive. isn't better than everything. vote for me governor of california. um i think that um okay. let me play devil's advocate okay. yeah well if the dog didn't like his life. so much why doesn't it. commit suicide only because it doesn't have thumbs what could jump off a building not if it can't get into. a building it could poison itself. not if it can't. obtain poison see. what i'm saying you need to. hang it up no needs. thumbs yeah it could buy. a gun no needs car. needs a car to. get it yeah that's not why. but yeah yeah no i dude. a dog can't shoot itself. because he needs to. drive right to. the gun store uh yeah okay so all right. you're you're completely right too what. about that guide your uh approach. like you are absolutely correct. that dog hates living. right now it's only alive because your parents make it beautiful. why doesn't it walk. into oncoming traffic maybe they live in a rural area. or it's blind and it can't doesn't know. where it is you're hearing. is yeah exactly there. you go maybe it's hearing's. gone how about you next time. you go over run. the dog over and pretend it's by myself. it's like the sopranos. i don't know what happened. i don't know nothing yeah or do. it and say there it's done. it never needs to. happen again i don't want to. talk about it and then play love and laugh. loving life yeah dude you're in the right. it is a righteous decision. to do that it's it's not. a good one not an easy. one so yeah they'll respect you. if you really come out look i don't know. then again if you just think animals. are there to. make adult make human lives. better oh there you go. then i guess they should just hold on. to it until it expires. on its own get it. taxidermied but if you're asking i mean. she's not asking this she knows. what the most humane thing. is she's about the approach you want. to approach it like from a place. of making sure that you are repeating. repeatedly reminding them that they don't love. the dog more than you do. also you're coming from a place. of love yeah yeah also you can offer it you can offer to. go do it you know. so they don't have to. do it dude when i was i don't know if it's about the act of okay yeah i get it. but yeah that's a good idea. i can do 10. pullups now i'm so sorry. what i can do 10. pullups now that when i started. back working out i could only do four. okay okay so that's [ __ ] a huge improvement. very quickly absolutely heartless. though you know what i mean. we're talking about someone's family. dog dying and that's tragic. i'm just trying to. add some levity dude. but yeah i do feel for you. that's rough yeah that's that's ruff. ruff no no that's heartless. okay now that was the most heartless. thing that ever happened on this. podcast by the way okay. next good luck what up. matt what up chris coming. to you live from the home. depot i'm just on lunch. break right now i just came across a video that i was in episode. 21. so much coke i was asking um budgeting questions. on how um i should budget. once i transfer to. texas tech i'm so much. code and um matt gave me the advice. of getting a job uh one thing. i didn't mention was i had a job. at the time which is the same. one i do here at home. depot um but i'm just so bad. at giving detail but uh okay so yeah just checking in on that. i'm good but i have another question. for y'all so this girl that i've known basically. my whole life goes to. texas tech um and is in our friend. group okay she had just recently. told me her feelings that. she has for me and uh like she wants to. like i guess start a relationship. or something and i told her um that. i wasn't ready for a relationship. and i guess i just want more advice on how to. go about this whole situation. because obviously you all know. better so thank you well. here i he obviously hit it. already no i don't think so i think he hit it. you don't think he would have said that. he's he leaves details out. i mean fair enough but if he's not saying that. part he's a [ __ ] because that is essential. that is a sentence. he hit it already otherwise he wouldn't. be saying he'd be like should i i don't know. you know but or he just does. not attracted to. her at all i thought that. that's what i thought okay. like he's just not really like right. that's not really it's also college. bro but i i if you want the thing. to say like the best. thing to say because and i'm assuming. at least a little bit of it. is true and if a little bit of it. is true when it comes. to either hurting or not hurting. someone's feelings it's okay. to say something that is like a little bit. true but uh i think you wanna. not you want to. say that you don't want to. mess with the friendship yeah. let's test out on someone. your whole life and now she wants to. start a relationship it's a completely. valid reason to. be like well i don't it's also dead. wrong to just be like i know. i don't know if i'm ready. for a relationship that's that's stupid. yeah just if you don't just be like i don't want. to mess up the friendship. dude yeah if you think you might just say sweetie let's test. out it let's test out. the [ __ ] let's give it a test ride. let's test out the horizontal. mambo let's see if we like it. you know i'll push inside you. we'll thrust in and out for a while. i'll go splurt whoopsie. daisy we'll wear a rubber and then we'll see what happens. she's just like never mind. never mind you know. what i mean i thought you were different. you know what look i'll get on top. a little bit you'll get on top. a little bit we'll do. a little [ __ ] lazy republican. and we'll hang out we'll have a good. time luke is the lazy republican. the least republicans were your boss. lay on your side. and she's they're both facing the same. way and you just kind of you're just having sex. and making passive income. that's the lazy republican you. know like this yeah you know samesex marriages. are wrong right um yeah yeah i don't know. you don't believe in abortion. do you hey [ __ ] bud light right this so oh yeah [ __ ] bottom line yeah the worst dirty talk dylan mulvaney is a man the worst dirty talk ever you know that you know that's what it says [ __ ] uh [ __ ] dude um yeah so i just uh yeah so i just either test out the horizontal mambo or tell her you don't want to. ruin the friendship those are the only two things. if you're gonna test out the horizontal. mambo they'll say let's just test. out let's give it a try i'm just say oh make the whole thing. your whole point be about but i don't want to. mess up the friendship even. if you do want to. like try it out or even if you don't at. all that is the thing. to stick to. because i'm assuming again that there. is at least partially true. dude sweetie i'll come here. come on sit down. there though let's test it. out there we go oh my god there we go that's nice and like sweetie dog here. we go and turn around. and oh there we go. and up oh man. there we go yeah. that's not gonna work out. oh [laughter] i just did the biggest dip [ __ ] move of all time. just so bad [music]. foreign wow i mean yeah on second thought. just say the friend thing don't test. it out you know yeah. this is not gonna go well. and i'm it's been brought to. my attention that that is even if that's not how it goes it'll. be close enough to. what he just did that. you wanted yeah you want to. avoid that you know. yeah um yeah okay that's not. a good look um even if that it. takes four days for you to. realize after the splurt it's still basically. what i do right. exactly that's just sped up. yeah yeah so don't do that. and four days after the splurt. say that that's what we should call the episode. will that get flagged florida. for now right four days after the splurk i mean. splurt you think splurt has. a necessarily sexual connotation could be a water. park is just like anthony. uh i don't think it'll get flagged. you don't four days no no i agree there's no way. okay here we go. for it okay relax but everyone knows. relax like it's amazing you know. i mean like it's amazing. like you're so excited about four. days after this i wish my new special. footage after this blurt and i will tell you this. though for the i wish you named. your son that your second one. son four days after the splurt. dalia hi calvin and four. days after this so stupid dude. um all right cool what a good. one yeah what's up. i'm just calling in today looking for. some advice um so i'm not technically. from here um i was born in bosnia. oh [ __ ] but i came here when i was three months old okay my family is from there. oh yeah dude um so i've lived. here for 25 plus years. um i love my culture. and and all that that's cool. i speak it fluently. just as well as my english. pretty much um but the thing. that keeps happening to. me um that's kind of annoying. is whenever i get introduced to. new people um the person introducing me will always be like they start. off with oh meet my friend. blah blah blah he's from bosnia. right and the people will always be like no [ __ ] way like and they'll try to. ask me questions about it. and just kind of make it super [ __ ] awkward and weird. um so i guess my question or the advice. i'm looking for is. how do i deal with. this [ __ ] um do i just kind of just stop being an [ __ ] and just deal with it and just move on from there um or do i be super dick about it going forward have fun and just put on this like super shitty heavy at some and you can do that act like i'm fresh off the boat. or something like yeah you know. when i was seven years. old i i break neck. or friday using my bare. legs or well that would be good yeah. yeah you know i i still drink. i drink milk from dog. it's good for you you. know i don't know i get it. but yeah um let me know what you guys. think uh what i should do. going forward let me know. love the show love you guys take it easy. peace thanks he has no accent. but he does have that. one he does have that one. thing that uh that bosnians and sessions. have the l words. yeah which is very cool. sounding i i mean dude. here's the deal man just don't say you're bosnian. you were there for three months. well no here here's what you do. it's very simple foreign. you're american hey here's my friend. soandso he's bosnian and that guy's and anthony. just dropped something pissed. me off very much but it's all good uh so you know here's my friend soandso. he's bosnian you step forward. and all you have to. say is i'm not bosnian. yeah three months in bosnia. dude yeah yeah also or turn to. your friend and say why. do you always do that. also it's not here's me. if someone says hey uh here's my friend. i don't know his name. alex he's bosnian here's me oh cool. hey what's up alex i i say. how what was it like during. the war give me a full. account every single day. i want to. know your exact experience and the experience. of your loved ones. man tell me in bosnian. right now and start now that's what i do. anytime i meet someone from bosnia. so it sucks that your friend. does that sets you up. like that because then i would be really disappointed. do it with an accent. harder accent harder accent. um but yeah here's the thing. i actually get it bosnia. in a language i get it. being a problem i don't know i'm sure. there's a specific dialect you know. drowning arnold schwarzenegger um but like i actually completely forgot. what i was gonna say. which is done here good. and i'm pissed um yeah just just i oh i get why. you see it as a problem. but trust me this. is actually a nonproblem. because all you got to. do is say no i'm not if your friend. says that or say. no i'm not and then when you're alone. with your friend later say. hey why do you honestly. why do you do that. when you know it's not true. how about this dude. i've been to boston because that's a fair. question whoops foreign i've been to. bosnia for three months. more than you so stop saying that. unless he's been back to. your friend yeah yeah yeah yeah or anyone really. because nobody's been about so why. does your friend even say. that so but he's saying multiple people do it. yeah why are they doing. that what the [ __ ] dude stop telling people you're bosnian yeah maybe don't start maybe i don't even let anybody know that's what he does. hey what's up dude. i'm alex by the way. i'm bosnian so anytime you ever. meet anybody tell them. i'm bosnian no and then he calls in and does that. no he said anytime you enter hey i'm alex i'm bosley and anytime you introduce me to. someone uh don't ever introduce me. as bosnian which is what i just did. to you and then these people are breaking. that rule and so we called. in [ __ ] [ __ ] magic mine dude i feel good because i took it uh cocaine okay let's go all right nickel sketch and his friend was on the phone with him and he was distracted yeah um and i know uh you know chris you were saying that you really like that guy uh but then he said maybe he's boring but you really like that guy and uh matt suggested that maybe you marry him uh so he's actually my little brother and i just want to. give my blessing and say i think that would be nice. he would be a a beautiful. couple so you know support it. great uh and that's it. well thank you what happened. and what's happening uh you gave his brother. advice uh and the advice was so like or the your feelings. about his brother were so like glowing and positive. that i made the joke. well if you like him so much why don't you marry. him oh okay and then he just called. in to give you his blessing. and you're gonna throw that again. and it's gonna piss me. off so i'm marrying his brother. or you are you you're marrying his brother. i already have a wife. yeah well i don't think yeah that's the problem. okay well we can talk about it. later but i don't think that's gonna be a problem don't mean that you guys brother. who you don't even remember. so your brother called into. the show or what so. you know what's one of the worst. things in the world when i think about it. too much is i think about arranged. marriages and it's so. sad the fact that it still happens. is crazy let's see if i can do anything. oh the fact that no one no one does that. well you just did i want to. see if it would hit the camera. oh okay so now you know. no one does that either so hold. on so the fact that it's still a thing. where are arranged. marriages there's a lot of them. in india and then okay. what you're gonna do is you're going. to say it after i say it. in middle east yeah uh in oklahoma. but in other places in the world. too but they're common. practices i wish marriages were arranged. in america you do wish it. yep only arranged you couldn't choose. why because then at least we would understand. why everybody is so [ __ ] up it'd be because of that well people still understand. that though wow you're saying the reason. is because of marriages no no. no no no no no because of the arranged. marriages no i know. you're you're saying it the range. marriage is worth thing. we could blame all of our [ __ ] upness yep. on the fact their arranged. marriages i'm saying and as a politician. i would lobby to. remove a range of marriages. and then i could be a politician. oh so you wanna you want. there to be a range version so you can take them. down and be here yep okay. so what were you gonna say. though no nothing you said you think about arranged. marriages all the time. oh yeah i think about all the time. i just think about how much that completely. sucks it does suck. you know people like selling their like literally like they sell their daughter. who has now become a woman or needs. to get married to. become a woman yeah a dowry oh this. is why i was thinking. about there's some crazy. things going on this. is crazy thing going. on in uh india where women. are getting married. to indian men who are abroad. at the time there's like a term form. okay and but and they get all this. money because like they the parents. think it's a good marriage. because he's he's like yeah. out of india he's making money. yeah like switzerland or whatever. so they give a lot. of dowry no he is real but he keeps the marriage. takes all the dowry and stays in switzerland. after they get married. and like lives a totally different. life and there's no recourse because they have nothing to. get to to to get him. on and it's like a huge like thousands. and thousands of women and families. have been scammed by these. people yeah oh nothing dumber. yeah it's crazy dude. so dumb dumb [ __ ]. leads to more scams stop doing dumb. [ __ ] you get easier more scams we don't want that. i i imagine having to. marry somebody you don't want to. marry and then just every day. after work your [ __ ] job. a lot of people have [ __ ] jobs they gotta go back. and hang out with the person. that they don't even like who is terrible. to them surely because in a society where there's arranged. marriages i can't imagine that. like right neither person wants to. be there at least if you're the woman. i know it's like uh some of these places. are second class citizens. but at least if you're a woman you can then when they're at work. you're chilling i mean. if that's how it works. if that's how it works. and then when they come home it. sucks it's like here comes [ __ ] i think it sucks. always though why is it. better if they're gone. because they can watch the bold. and the beautiful like why. is it better because they could watch it. okay because they can eat stuff. that they want they can chill. they do their day. they go out and do errands. i bet i guarantee you. actually that there are as in this. country where arranged marriage is still a thing it's just not where i don't i'm probably. northwest up in the northwest. like in like forest areas. where all the neonazi skinheads. are yup okay that's a good. guess yep because you'd think oh somewhere down south. and this and that nope dude. where all the neonazis are dude. yeah it's weird that there's so many new nazis. in washington what's up with that. it's because it's super liberal. though too and that makes no sense. well there's super liberal people. right and nazis yeah that's what i'm saying. you can't have one without the other because you have. that little blue dot in the middle. and then in the outskirts it's all red. thanks man you should be on cnn. with the how they have the map. the guy with the map. you know you see how their skin. heads and then on the outside of that. it's all red and that's where you. get the neonazis yeah because in the in the in the in the in the blue. dot in the middle that's where you. get everybody interested in all everyone's rights. and then outside of that. that's where the neonazis come in. anyway back to you guy. with the two big head because everyone always has a two big head. on that two big head. yep to live crew. are we gonna do another one. i'm still ready hey what's up. chance uh my name is jonah from reading. pennsylvania yeah see you soon i last saw you back. in 2017 in tallahassee and uh i actually went and saw you completely by. myself so hell yeah i love that. at the time of my life. man so uh that's cool. and uh matt big fan. of mentally he's confused. um some of your acting work man. so uh seriously been a chew. baby all along for the delia. brothers but um uh my issue tonight is in regards. to um asking someone out. so um i have this girl i really like um every time. i'm with her seniorly hit it. off um don't really see her. too too often really. only like friends events. and parties and things like that um the only thing is is that she is the sister. of one of my really really good. friends um so if i was going to. approach that and ask her out. um how would i do that. uh i'm sort of thinking um something. along the lines of like should i ask her. brother um should i sort of tell them. it's gonna happen um you know. how do i should i approach him. first i approach her first you know that. sort of thing uh trying to. sort of figure that out um he's not too. too protective of her. or anything like that but he's someone that would want. to be in the know if something like that. was going on so um yeah that's really all i got uh hopefully i can follow. up with you guys eventually. depending on what you say. and um hope to. hear back appreciate it thanks. thanks dude what a nice guy. reading i'll be in reading uh pennsylvania. yep i'll see you there. in reading pennsylvania if you think he's the kind of guy. that would want to. be in the know and you're good. friends with him obviously say something. just be like yo i was thinking. i'm gonna ask you out. your sister yeah exactly it. doesn't he mentioned something that i i think is something. that men don't think about. ahead of time until this kind of thing. happens to them but he said like should i ask him. or should i tell him. and it's like it doesn't have to. be that black and white yeah. i know it's a conundrum but you can you can tell. but but also show the person your respect you. don't have to. be like hey dude i'm dating your sister. ace yo i'm gonna [ __ ] date your sister right. and then he starts or you do. both you could ask and also tell you could say i'm gonna date. your sister right that's technically. still a statement though because you didn't use the words. but you did i'm gonna date. your sister yeah um but yeah you should just be like hey i'm really into. your sister uh i'm i really want to. ask her out and i just you know. i because you're such a good. friend i didn't want you to. like hear about it. somewhere else and like i just want to. make sure i told you that. isn't giving him the opportunity. to say you can't do that. not that he would do. that or can do that. but like i think that's what's in a guy's head. when they say should i tell him. or should i ask him. like it's like you don't need to. pick one you don't ask because you live in a free. country it's a free society you can do whatever. you want and you know you don't have to. tell because there's like a sense. of confrontation there or something. just like say it in a nice. way but do say something. because it's not because he like reserves the right. to know what his sister's. up to that has nothing to. do with it he doesn't but it's like there. is a certain thing if you're he said. he's really good friends. with this guy yeah that would be kind of just weird. if a good friend of yours. yeah like asked your sister. out and you had no idea yeah it's just like weird. you're asking for like some weird. kind of thing to. happen yeah so to. avoid weirdness i think it's it's the best. thing to do um did. he specify if his really good friend. is a guy or a girl. no but i think it's a guy. i do too but um if it's a girl. that doesn't change things does it. uh i don't i don't think it. changes that you should say something. no it's the same the same. answer for sure yeah but i think maybe he wouldn't have called in for advice. if uh because he's sexy and because i was just gonna say and the reason. for that is because the guy who called in who you said. is oh he's so nice he's actually a sexist. he's got a lot. of problems yeah he's a male chauvinist. he's a sexist and um so he's being very respectful. i think that's good uh and yeah. you should say it to. him but yeah oh okay well there's no reason. to be that much louder. i mean coming no oh that. didn't it okay um yeah matt's right. and i'm right too and i would have said that. even if uh uh all right. man what's up you just stretched you just give it i stretched and i got really really really [ __ ] good a good stretch and i yawned hard so you feel like you're gonna i'm like loose dude but i've been pretty loose this. episode to be brutally. honest with you yeah you seem to. be honest you seemed a little down. at the beginning of the episode. really a little bit no. way you're saying that because i didn't talk. about my deadlifts and stuff. oh that's not why but it is. i i made a conscious effort to. i'm like a dude i'm knocking because you're like you're throwing a wet. towel on yourself yeah dude. so whatever [laughter] you asked. for it you asked for it. you're gonna so this is what you get now. they're gonna be a bad mood. because i don't have to. talk about my body okay. cool that's all good all. right well i apologize feel. free to talk about uh no i'm just gonna get more. tattoos and i'm gonna keep working out. it's gonna be fantastic. and i look good i'm 43. but i look good dude. you're 43 damn you're only for only. for a while you're old dude. well you're what i don't even. know i'm literally oh yeah you're gonna be 40. literally 13. what it's crazy. i'm 13 years old. gray in your beard. nuts you know it's like the movie. jack that's so [ __ ] stupid to. not say benjamin buttons you. know dude jack is the better. example jack honestly benjamin. button benjamin jack off no. here's the thing benjamin. button ages backwards i know. but that's the jack ages. well rapidly i know i know i was saying it. i don't know that's really different. though and i don't like people being like oh they're similar. like it's not similar. but also benjamin buttons was a book. it's also a love story short. story it wasn't a book. it was a short story and it was a love story and i read it. i read it backwards so it. made sense wow a vaudeville comedian. a bunch of buns every backwards. it makes sense from the direct from hey the writer from the director of mento. memento i wasn't even who directed it. that's the david fincher movie. not a christopher nolan so dork. boo yeah and oh let's see oh yeah booyah i know. that i'm saying benjamin. button from the same directors as memento because they're both going. backwards even though that's not the same. guy yeah okay but you didn't know. this is somebody out there. didn't know and i said it. for them okay so it's all good. um hey you know who wrote me. uh the director do you care about this. the director of speak no evil. anthony remember you told me. not to watch that. movie because of how horrific it. is yeah you what what he wrote. to you so i talked about it. on my podcast yeah because it's one of my top. 10 greatest movies of all. time yeah and he was like dude. thank you so much. it made my day somebody sent it. to me he wrote me. in what's his name. i forget but he wrote me. in december and i didn't see until yesterday. and uh and i wrote him. back i was like oh my god i just saw this. your movie's amazing christian taft drop that's what it. is i say a few of his. movies on instagram his last name. is just a bunch of letters a bunch of made up. words his last name was just somebody. got scrabble and and put them in no. particular order and that's his last name. go is this a word i say no have you seen. that movie by the way. speak no evil yeah. uh no no no it's fantastic. oh it's a danish movie. yep they make the best. movies no man yeah they do. no man every time. i see a danish movie. i'm like wow okay well that's your opinion. yeah i mean wrong that's just your opinion. yeah uh okay all right. all right so you got a guy that wrote to. you and said good job. congrats man that was me literally all the time okay uh all right well that's it for this. episode if you want more uh guess what get some lifelong. luxury i was gonna say he cut me off. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. white line i will be in charlotte. i will be in little rock. arkansas i will be in vegas. coming up soon i added. another date and uh a bunch of different. places montreal edmonton go to. chrisley dot com nashville. if you want to. if you also want to. go to matilia dot com for oneonone sessions with me no one else just me just the two of us or if you want someone else on your side of the screen just three of us or even more you get three you get four four of us uh but yeah if you have a question for the show click the link in the description below or just go to watch lifeline dot com or leave us a message at the hotline at 2139738095 and please oh please do not forget to get the merch it is amazing chris meant to wear his today but he forgot because he's just like that uh go to lifelinemerch dot com for all that also leave a comment dude i said that dude leave a comment agree with me tell chris he's wrong thank you [music] hello [music] 