 you've got to. you've got to. play it again dude. whole thing what would you. think about that the very end. is my favorite thing ever. d i'm telling you i think that that's the best. submission we've ever got runk hello. hello hello hello will you please. hello hello hello well oh welcome to. the show it's called lifeline and you love it. it's episode 80 i think you do you do you know. 81 episode 81 wow. i would have i had i if you asked me. i would have no idea what episode. extremely close couldn't have been closer. and i'm smart couldn't have. been closer what kind of shirt. is that a gray. one i know but what kind uh dude. you know what i just thought of chris. you chris i thought of uh greymond. how a dude we used to. go to middle school. with kevin anderson i know him. he would you knew kevin. yeah he would just anything anything he would add mon. to the end like pokemon. you know and he had a lighter. once and he's like this. is greymon wow just cuz it was a gay. lighter i don't know but we still say. it he started by saying. he had a bong that he called. smokemon oh right smokemon and then like pokemon. yeah did the okay and then what and then we started. saying smoke mon's pubis too. cuz it's oh yeah you remember i do yeah. you remember that cool uh man. didn't answer ask about the shirt. is it h. i i don't know oh okay. this this is how i let people check my tab okay. l's end oh i like l. end do you yeah i like yeah. they got cool like i don't even know if they're still a brand. but they got cool like ' 80s. 90s like not outdoor gear but. kind of like kind of like l. bean you know uh l. bing bong h bing b. binging ladies love bean. ladies love when i say bing binging. binging so annoying people turned. it off oh episode 81 sunday. october 29th and sunday's off. for lifeline go sign up for lifeline. luxury that's uh patreon dot com. lifeline luxury uh and you can do that. now now check this out i'm on tour. why is it not. up yet go go figure. you know what i mean. go figure right especi cuz last time. we go you know. what happened last time. not up and uh the thing that happened. last time is that. you got mad when it wasn't up. and you would think right. right right right it would be ready. to go this time but it wasn't was okay. but i'll be in long beach. november 2nd uh i'll be in orlando florida. fort mars florida richmond virginia. baltimore maryland trenton new jersey philadelphia. reading and oxnard california go to. chris lea dot com to. get ticks um and if you have a question. click the link description description description below or go to. watch lifeline dot com if you want a oneonone advice session with matt. deia matt deia matt dot com baby i'll save your life if you let me if you are so gracious as to. let me save your life i will. save your life hi johnny. and then lifeline merch is at lifeline. merch dot com and it's absolutely beautiful. you got to go on. there and get that uh you know. what i did today did. you say the thing about luxury. i did yeah okay. great go ahead what you thing. that i did what did you do. today chris um we were talking. about clothes you know. your shirt yeah uh i you don't need to. tie it in you could just say you know. so shirts we're on you know. how you're wearing shirts. okay i got an email from a place. uh that i've ordered stuff. from before right like clothes i don't. really look at them those. emails but sometimes i do yeah i you mean i never look at those things but i know she talking but sometimes they do because i'm like what do they got right. sucker it's why they send them. yeah right but i got but i'm like i'm not really in the market. to buy anything right. now i have enough whatever i need i click on it. and i see a very very very very cool. jacket and then what happened. and i clicked on it. to go to the website. it took me to. go to the website and i looked at it. and the jacket was $1,100. and i did not buy it. smartart i want to. and i still want to. and i've been thinking about it. all day let's talk about this. what kind of shirt is. that represent i don't know. what that is but that is maybe your best. teach shirt that's a great. shirt why why i don't know. i really like it i don't know. what i have a bunch of shirts. that are this that are different. colors with the r on it like this oh yeah well that's good then because it's not the color. that i like i do like the color. but that's a cool design yeah i wear probably the most tshirts. i wear i represent it's a it's a uk. based company how about this when people say represent. well then that that actually makes me want to. not wear the shirts. yeah you hate that but that's not true. though now i have a question. for you though okay there's these glasses. uhhuh such fashion forward episode. and then there's also these glasses. so why do you have two pair. of glasses on you that's not where i wanted. to take it you can ask me. that after i didn't want. to take it with the [ __ ] smokey. mon's thing but you did it. i i didn't want i was i was operating something. though i was driving us. somewhere and you took us to. some you took us off i understand. but you did the pokémon thing. when i was talking about gray. the gray shirt you're like oh. you know what i thought of chrism so i didn't even. mean to get you back. but i did get back so tip. fortat but i didn't mean to. okay okay so what did you ask. me why do you have two glasses. on you for this reason. you brought them to. just show on the show yeah. oh no i'm not done yet. dude which pair do you like better. and which pair do you all like better. cuz it's not the main pair. i wear but it's the secondary. pair what's the secondary pair. whichever one you like more. whichever one they like oh i see so you have two they're not new though. are they new no okay. well what this doesn't matter this. doesn't matter it does i'm trying. to establish a pecking order. of glasses i understand. but why if they're not new why. are you doing this. now because i just thought of it. okay i have another question. before we even get into. it okay go did you were they in your car. or do you put them in your car. to bring them here to. do this they were sitting next to. my keys i grabbed the wrong. glasses and i thought oh you know. what i'm going to. bring the other pairs as well. to do the thing on the show. so i can talk about it. that really satisfies me thank you. and i'm pissed at you though. okay so can i see the other ones. again oh my god well i man. i i now i want to. take in the whole thing. cuz you said there's these and then there's these and i didn't really. look at the first ones now. i see these okay okay i'm i model. glasses i get it. charlie fat ass is in my way. well you picked them up on. you which ones are better. i think probably those are better. technically okay but these are cool too they're fashion. you know they're a little different. though you know fashion these used to. be my main pair but you know what happened. calvin bit them and scratched. the [ __ ] out of him. but i still i almost threw him. away but i kept him because i thought it was cute. that calvin [ __ ] up my glasses and that's like a cute. thing however gives me. a headache when i worm too long. really yeah just cuz of a little scratch. it's in the wrongest place. whoa really [ __ ] with my focus cuz it's right. in the wrong place so where are the other ones. then i decided that those are the great the main ones are in my bag. well what are those then i'm trying. to establish a pecking order. of glasses i already know. what this be number two number three. oh okay well that's two well maybe i think that's one. though i don't know the other one. so now i'm wearing three i don't care. i know that's number one. if you have the number one in your bag. why are you not wearing the number. one because i wear it all the time. i wear them all the time. everybody knows so you wanted to. take a little break from. it no i just all i wanted. to do was establish a pecking order. to do the thing stop saying pecking order. dude i'm never going to. stop saying pecking order gregory pecking. order dude so what you wanted to. do is not wear those to. do this so you could get the pecking. order oh wait do i have i might have the regular ones in my bag. i'm not sure i honestly. don't there we go i don't. know okay well whatever i like the other ones. and then you're being disrespectful. i'm wearing those cuz i like i put the bronze on okay. i'll put i'll put the silver. on i got the silver. let's see i think those. are probably better okay. i'm not saying i don't like the other ones. though now what does everybody. else think let us know. in the comments leave in the comments. you likes uh you likes gray. or clear gray or clear. yes uh well that's that's great. um but you know i don't know so you you don't think i should have. got that jacket no. i don't even know what it. looks like but that's too. much for money you know it's very cool. i bet it is but you know. what i don't need it sometimes. we don't get the things that we really want. cu we know i know it's not. gratifi what kind or do. you not want to. say yeah what was the brand. why would i not want to. say it because i don't want people to. get it you're being extra. annoying tonight you're being extra. annoying tonight i'm not going. to say it because what if i do want. to get it and then this episode. comes out i can't get anymore. because our legion of fans. all got them everyone's just going. to get an $1,100 jacket that's not a thing. most people do yeah i'm not going. to do i'm not going. to do it though but was it the kith. one no it wasn't and if it was i wouldn't say it. anthony the [ __ ] guy trying to. expose me no it's not is. there a new kit jacket. out the one i sent you oh that one no it wasn't that one. was that 1100 yes it was oh wow. it's funny dude. every time anthony opens his [ __ ] mouth yeah charlie goes like this. i i know cuz charlie cuz ah it's true. animals can sense evil. you guys you guys you know. what that's from no what is it. from ace ventura cool that's great. i love ace ventura i know. other lines from it. most of them uhow my dog. charlie's here this is my dog. oh yeah oh [ __ ] i didn't realize it. was charlie i didn't realize it. was charlie oh would you think it. was bnie i thought it was one. of one of those one of his dogs. one of those dogs. no this is charlie. the one and only hey charlie. so uh all right well i'm getting my haircut. it's going to. be this is it it's as long. as it's been for a long. time looks good why. are you getting it cut. because it's too long. according to what uh i'm i'm 43. i think once you're in your 40s. this is it it can't be any longer. than this that's a you made that. up yeah but i think it's how it should be okay. if you're in your 40s. and you have hair longer than this. it's it's too much it's just too. much and there you have it. folks okay um i guess it is pretty. [ __ ] long your hair's not usually that. long yeah kind of rees does. it i mean he's the man. too so you just got i'm the man. you just got utterly debunked. i'm the man but you're saying if you're over. 40 and you have hair that long it's not good. he is well over 40. and he's the man prob honestly. looks better with it cut. short maybe i don't but he doesn't care. dude does care the best. thing about keano is how little he cares. is true he cares. about like being nice it's it's not fair. to really do it with a guy. with i mean jared letto. and cano look way. younger than they than they are. so it's not really fair. j is 50 i mean. yeah so over 50 and he looks like that. it's crazy it's really weird. yeah what kind of like adrenochrome [ __ ] z guy up to. you know well that doesn't exist. but yeah oh really i know that. you know uh i i oh adicor doesn't actually exist. and make people look younger become younger. become younger um yeah so anyway all right. well look that's cool it's good. we we got through that all right. great uh do you want to. do a a submission yeah. so nervous to. ask me if i want to. do a submission it should go. okay it should go okay. all yeah let's have it. so dark matt long time. log cabin constructor here um quick question kind of pertains to. me um my situation is a little more. complicated but what do you think about girls. who uh you know. you've been seeing for a while. and um you know try. to get a real relationship. going what do you think about when they say. the timing isn't right. or they want to. just work on themselves. um do you think that's just a way. to kind of get out. of it even you know. in my situation everything was. going absolutely fantastic it would have made sense. for us to. be in a relationship but they had said that. uh you know the timing isn't right. and like i said they they wanted. to focus on themselves. is that [ __ ] is that a way. out of it uh let me know your thoughts. thanks yeah but what do you mean. by like [ __ ] like i mean they don't like them but here's the thing like if that person was really really into. you she wouldn't say i need to. work on myself so it's not necessarily that they don't like you it's that like you they're not wanting to. start a relationship right now. that that's not like that's not. [ __ ] though is what i'm saying. yeah i see what you're saying. but if they liked him i that. i fully agree with yeah. so it doesn't really even. matter what you're saying i'm saying i'm saying it. doesn't really matter like it's not. [ __ ] it's not it's not about anything besides if she was really into. you yeah then they would just commit. it's goes both ways guys it's it's like. nobody that wants to. be in a relationship with somebody is like you know what i really. am in i'm in love. with you and i would really love to. be in a relationship with you but you know. what's more important than that. me figuring out my relationship. with my mother like who the [ __ ] would ever do that. do you know whenever when people say. stuff stuff like that i got to. figure some stuff out they don't have. to figure anything out most of the time. they you know what they do. they go home and they just sit and eat and watch tv. they go to the gym. they go [ __ ] hang out with their friends and then they don't hang out. with you yeah that's most of the time. what people do you know. what i got to. [ __ ] you know what i just like i've actually don't i don't think i've ever said that to. someone i don't think i can hang because we got this. thing i gotta figure some [ __ ] out you know i'm just not in the right head space i've definitely been like seeing someone and probably more. than once actually seeing someone and then when it comes. time like you know dating. for whatever two three months. it's like well are we going. to be in this. relationship and i've been like ah i just don't really it's and again. it's not lying and it's not [ __ ] but you're just like i'm not really. at a place in my life. where which is just true. it's like i'm in other words. if i was really in love with you. and met you at any time. in my life i would just not even. consider like the timing cuz that's happened. where i'm like not looking. for something at all and then i meet someone i'm like oh this. person's amazing i need to. be with him right. now right it does you know. what i mean like yeah i i get it. i get it it's a misleading question. objection the he he calling it. [ __ ] it's like it's not [ __ ] what he's saying though is i think in essence what he's saying is is it me and it is him but even that's like the wrong way to. look at it i think i think the right. way to look at it. is that she isn't that. like enough into you that's not about. him it's about her if that makes sense. no it's not though. cuz if it was somebody that. she wanted to be with more than him. she would she would [ __ ] throw it caution of the wind yeah. yeah yeah well that's true. so in that sense it. is [ __ ] i don't know so what should she say i don't like you like that isn't that okay but what if she does but not enough i'm saying they're he what i'm saying is they were in a relationship. where they were like obviously. dating for a little while. mh and then it was like do you want to. take it to. the next level and she was like i don't think so yeah. that's not not liking someone. yeah yeah that's just not liking. someone enough to to. throw cofe what she said is. fine to say right. she's not being an [ __ ] or anything right of course she's like i don't want to. say letting him down gently she's just not interested. in the ultimate super duper love right with that guy with with that guy yeah some other guy though. she would definitely be but but that's goes. for anyone they might think like oh i don't like super duper. love but then you meet someone you're like whoa. it turns out i love super. duper love now now now we're talking okay. no we were we've been talking. now we're agreeing now. we're locking horns we're getting into. it we're getting down to. it we're getting it right. all right we're finalizing the paper. we signing i mean okay. do you believe in soulmates. soulmates like like as in there's one person in the world for not even necessarily do you think that there could be one or more than one soulmate for somebody you think a soulmate is a real thing. what is a soulmate exactly. well that's why i don't think it's a real. thing what is it i don't know. my what i think of a soulmate. i think of there's one person out. there yeah where we're they complete. my soul and i complete theirs. oh yeah so believe don't believe. in it yeah i do believe that. if you're with someone long enough. and you establish a certain relationship. you're so close at that. point if someone's like well that person is my soulmate. because you've developed that. relationship and got that that makes sense. to me that's great. but if you're like i'm just looking for my soulmate. it's like that's not a thing. that's crazy you got to. be raise they don't really look people. who look for their soulmates. they don't really look they just hang around. in their city and it's like dude. you know the coincidence that would be if their soulmate was also. in pasadena california couldn't agree. go to guam go to. india go to. different places go to. uh go to denmark yeah. honestly go to go everywhere. go to up up in alaska in the north of alaska. until you find someone you might hit the in the fifth. place you might meet someone you might you might meet a [ __ ] man in the north of of alaska as a man you're a man. and you might be like i didn't even. know i was gay but this is my soulmate. and he's like that sounds great. that's correct right. that's correct that's how people from alaska. the north sound that's correct so. i don't know about if they sound like that but everything. that sounds great why trust me. dude okay well i agree with everything. you said except dude. i was in the bank. today and this guy first of all i walked into. the bank that's where i keep all my money. whatever it's not big deal. so i walk into. the bank and this i walk past. the line we're going to. get off me cuz you really well. i mean that's crazy. to have the dog on. you i love her. so you love her i love her. she's my soul she's not on your lap mom is also my soulmate so if mom was here she would be. on my lap so i'm in the bank. i walk into. the bank and this guy as i'm walking by him is in line. already and he goes like this. was he having an orgasm. no i mean it was crazy. crazy a crazy side. and you you didn't like the german. german in my face i hated it. you know what i mean. yeah who the [ __ ] would do that. honestly it's so shitty i've always hated it. you've always hated you used. to be so funny. about that kind of stuff. like if you were getting your haircut. and somebody was breathing your face. you like so mad at them. as if like they should have known. that you're a [ __ ] fullon [ __ ] freak about it. i don't i don't breathe. in people's faces straight up but they're not breathing. in your face they're cutting. your hair and have to. get in the front and also have to. breathe i'm conscious of not exhaling into. somebody's face if i have to. be close to. their face you're just like we [ __ ] pass. out because you don't want to. breathe in someone's face cut him. in the eye in my eye. um uh yeah so also i don't cut people's hair. i don't cut people's hair. so um yeah and i'm waiting in line. and then he he goes he's taking so long. and he's with the person hate it. hate and he's like he says something. to her she responds and he says i think you need. some sleep to. the teller and then she goes. like this no i got so much sleep. this weekend all i did. was sleep and he was like then then maybe you got too much. sleep maybe that's the answer so like she wasn't doing. something right i guess. you know what i mean. and he's just right no. i get that yeah and then she was like oh yeah. and and then he was like or maybe you need i don't know. what this s about you maybe you need like a a coid. mask or like a a trump. coid mask or something and she was like oh not a trump mask. and then he was like or fine. how about a did she say. helen of troy mask i. think maybe and he and she was like oh who's that. or something and he was like oh well it. was the most beautiful woman. of the world so oh no. no she didn't say who's that. she said she said what. is that mas look like and he said well. i don't know she was the most beautiful. woman that ever lived up. until that point so so uh so whatever that looks like what you're describing. the most annoying man alive. and then and then um uh and he said and he said but she also killed hundreds of thousands. of people and i like she wanted a [ __ ] history lesson and i'm just like can i just deposit this dude it was so annoying. and they knew each other. already obviously because he he banks there. you know yeah and uh what do you. think of that i mean. i honestly think that that is one. of the most annoying it is like anecdotes. i've heard about someone in public. yeah oh really yeah that's crazy. annoying if at the bank. dude if that was happening. to me at the bank. and i was next yeah. i would just be fully fantasizing. about hitting him in the back. of the head with like a sledgehammer you know. so it's all good all right. all right let's do the next. one who's next hey matt. and chris my name is haley and i live in denver. i'm a huge fan of both. of you chris i actually met. you back at one of your shows. in 2016 and i've been a fan. since the early vine days. wow and matt i wish that we could be friends. because you seem like the coolest. [ __ ] guy ever we are friends um but my question today relates to. the fact that i am an addiction. therapist and when i'm hanging out with friends and randomly decide to. have a drink or something. i'll get comments like oh should you be drinking. because you know you're an addiction. therapist and it's just kind of annoying. and then the other comment that i get a lot. or reaction or whatever is when i'm meeting. new people and they find out. i'm a therapist sometimes they get kind of weird. or they assume i'm like analyzing them. or something and i'm not and so just curious if you guys have any input. or advice on how i can handle those. situations um and congrats chris on all of your recovery. stuff you're awesome and i love you. guys both all right bye. thanks yeah yo it's hilarious. by the way hilarious a therapist is calling us for advice. dude you know in my private. sessions i've had four therapists make private. sessions with me i swear to. god and i at the first one. i was like i'm interested. actually cuz i thought maybe therapists would hear about what. i'm doing and have an issue. with it yeah and they were like i asked all. of them that the first time. i was kind of nervous. and they and they were like no i think this is great. you know obviously what you're doing. is in therapy you know. uh yeah isn't that crazy. though yeah that is crazy. um uh that's oh god that's so annoying. that's like that honestly. that's the version of like i'm. a comedian oh tell me a joke. that yeah or listen. to my joke yeah. like oh that well that's i don't. know but you know what tell me. it is but it's way. quicker oh oh jesz do you know what i'm saying. all right yeah i got joke. for you you got to. be okay right what is it. yeah and then like you're going. to laugh you got to. do something about you know what you got to. do something about dude. i meet and greets. god every now and then you know you got to. do a bit about i i don't know. what they they'll say this. is the thing um you know. when butter when you take it. out of the thing and it's like the flaps over like what the [ __ ] is that i don't know but you do it i swear to. god they're all like that. they're all like that that's crazy. and i'm like oh yeah i don't know. you know it's it's not for me. or yeah i'll do that. great idea i'll do that. also are you l. there's happens after my show. cuz it's the meet and greet. are you listening to. what i'm saying on stage where on earth. would that come in here's the thing. my whole thing makes sense. all together and in the middle. of it i'm just going. to be like by the way. butter people don't understand anything about what goes into. doing anything that is an art form. yeah and they don't even. understand like the basics one time. someone recognized me from my movie. that i made a long time. ago american animal okay and i was stuck on an elevator with her. oh so it was like you were stuck. no no i was like trapped. in okay okay okay okay while we went to. whatever and she was like ar and and she was like i saw your movie yeah. and it was before. it was even released. and i was like nervous. i was like what did. you see that like a festival. like by like where did you see. that yeah or maybe she was i thought. she was a programmer at a festival. maybe yeah cuz very few people. had seen it by then yeah. yeah yeah and she was like oh no. i saw it i just saw like i saw it. how i see movies. and i was like well it's in theaters. so what do you mean. she's like no i saw it. on on online and i was like and then she's at her. floor but i'm like stop you know what do you mean. you saw my movie how did you see. the movie yeah i'm not being confrontational. you know what i mean. but i'm feeling confrontational who excuse. me where you get off. she can't leave uh and she was like no. i saw the movie i was like how did you rent it how did you see. it and she's like no this. is so much more than she bargain. for i mean yeah but here's the thing. she's like i just want to. say i like it then i was like okay. well the trailer's out maybe she's saying the wrong. thing and just has bra fog problem. and so i say oh you mean the trailer. of the movie right. and she's like no i mean. i saw i was like so you saw something. that was was it 2. minutes or was it. 95 minutes yeah i was like was it. 2 minutes or 95 minutes. she's like i it was like 95 minutes. like a movie and then and then i was like okay. what about these things like did. you see this did you see this. and she's like oh no i don't remember. that i don't remember that. i don't remember that i was like you saw the [ __ ] trailer you only saw the trailer. and you actually remember it. as seeing a [ __ ] movie bye and then you know uh elevator like cuz i'm holding it too long. no but it was it's just amazing. what people oh my god how people think about something. they saw after it and what they think is like the right. thing to say to. someone who made it's [ __ ] crazy she probably got caught up i hope. she got caught in a lie. i hope that's what it. was maybe it didn't seem like it. though yeah yeah she didn't seem like embarrassed. at all so i don't know. [ __ ] yeah dude um well that's an amazing story it. was an amazing experience i think about it. all the time how can people how is that. possible for a brain you know what i mean. but yeah [ __ ] ay it happened anyway um for the lady yeah um i think maybe if it if it's a thing that happens around your friends commonly and they're always making jokes about it here's what you say so you can prevent it from continuing to. happen just say why do you guys. think that when i'm not at work. i want to. keep on working that's my job. who wants to do. their job out in the [ __ ] world nobody oh i do but yeah no you don't though you don't want to. just be making like full. on bits to. people who are just randomly standing there. well not paying you well shut up no. i know i know i know i'm i'm i mean. it's just like a job is a job. people leave it at work i know i know why do why. would you assume anything like that. mhm as far as people. who see you meet you think oh. w that's like have you know. what that's like it's like having a name. like line where people are like oh the ky. like everyone's going to. make the joke that they're going. to make you know what i mean. uh and you're kind of cursed. with it with that job. maybe just lie about your job. yeah but make it very uninteresting. i'm in marketing yeah yeah yeah. yeah boom never have to. say [ __ ] what do you market ah [ __ ] i'm a therapist dude just be yeah don't be like i'm an astronaut right lie but you you should but then you're a therapist that's like lying out in the [ __ ] thing yeah and you see you see a patient and she's like oh hi how you doing like oh hey oh she she said she was a marketing really oh i'm not going to. use you anymore overthinking. it so much and then and then your mom. dies and it's like all right. what do you think though. what do you think i i i i think probably. the same thing i i hate. that kind of [ __ ] i ter. i try so hard not to. be that kind of person. and i i know sometimes. i make the mistake. i know i know i know i know i know it's like i want you want to. grab the word [ __ ] that came out of your mouth. but yeah i know every time i [ __ ] hear about something. like this think of a guy i met at the coral tree. cafe once 20 years ago. and his name was seven. you can't make you can't. you just you're [ __ ] you can't say anything i said what he said seven. i said oh seven. okay i i i don't know if i made a joke. or not but i i i always think of that. and think i wonder if i made a joke. or not and and if he heard it. before and i don't know and that's it. oh okay okay seven's a for all you future. parents out there seven is a terrible. name so is every number thanks. zero is is okay uh zero. yeah zero z like uh from what's it. called the nightmare before. christmas or whatever the dog. i don't know i learned. that today isn't that weird. congrat and you said zero. and then i you said a name. is zero and i said the dog. from nightmare before christmas. oh nice dude and i learned. i learned it today wow. calvin has a little plushy of of it. cute got it today cute. okay all right next next. beautiful hey guys my question. was about the name you're given um particularly. if you're a guy and you have like a feminine name. or if you're girl and you have a masculine name does that. kind of like affect which way. you lean in terms of liking. masculine or feminine things. my name is j cuz my name. is joel um it's not really common. enough to be masculine or feminine. really but people told me. it's a girl's name and i kind of like some feminine. stuff like stylistically like i'll wear like some kind of feminine. um sunglasses and like i'm always like picking out outfits. for like my wife we talk. a lot about like clothes and stuff. but then again i own. like a landscaping company and i love fishing. and like i do woodwork. so i'm not really one. or the other um but i'm wondering. did my name influence me. to like the feminine. stuff that i do or was that just going. to be like that all along. uh yeah let me know. no that what is this. question i know i knew a kid. growing up named oj. simpson he killed a whole. bunch of uh oj simpson uh thompson oj. simpson was his first name. yeah oj simpson wow then thompson that's like my friend. v vin diesel that's his first name and he's [ __ ] drives around in cars. and just goes like hell. yeah family a lot vin diesel. woods uh no it doesn't do that. i mean just couldn't be i mean. bro also yo you don't really think that huh. come on joel that's not even. i know i mean what he the first. part of what he's saying. i understand why people are like oh isn't that. a girl's name first of all. don't say that to. people don't say that to. people if if it is a girl's. name or boy's name guess what they know. so when you hear their name. don't be like oh actually you know. what oh you know. what 38yearold that's a girl's. name like he knows if it is shut. the [ __ ] up i hate [ __ ] like that so hold on a second people are saying that oh joel oh that could be a girl's name. too they're saying that. to him they don't say. that could be a girl's. name too they say something. like i'm assuming isn't that. a girl's name but it's not a girl's. name it's both joelle is. a guy's name too 100%. obviously it's not even like kelly. obviously you're right okay but i'm saying there. are again like my last point. there are [ __ ] utter empty brained people out. there uh uh joelle h. that could be a girl's. name too no it's isn't do. you like fashion yeah influence. you cuz you're it's a girl. name no dude this is ridiculous. i think that that's a honestly. you seem like a nice guy. that's a ridiculous question guy. you're not 12 don't say that. i like him too much. to say no i like him. too he goodlook he seems nice he's probably. good at sports but like's he's married. he's got a wife wife. yeah yeah yeah also it's i don't think it's feminine. to what did he say. like clothes oh was that. the example yeah no that's not i mean. i mean actually that's pro. for like an annoying. like guys guy is would probably be like oh you like clothes. okay but like it no of course. it's not you know yeah. uh barely anything is actually. like that quality qualities are male male and feminine. but interests barely are i think you know uh so no so no yeah. that's a resounding no but i do like that. that was the question and thank god. mako picked it i like. it oh okay yeah because it's different. it shakes things up yeah you shook things. up man joel thank you. yeah but you should know. that that's a girl's. name okay go ahead. next one yo what's good. guy i've ever seen a great. [ __ ] sunday but a couple weeks ago. i'm not going to. say who like in my it. was that said this. but someone i work with said to. me two weeks ago. you will probably never make it. in the music industry because to. do that you have to. drink baby's blood and be a satanist now. as [ __ ] wild and absurd as that. is it's true like i think it's absolutely. [ __ ] to tell anyone. that they're probably not going to. achieve their dreams yeah i think it's little dick. driving you know yeah just let me know what you guys. think almost threw up my mouth. again but like like that guy's cool. dude yeah yeah but like y. dude uh you can't tellone they're not going. to make it like literally smoking. weed while he's driving doing. [ __ ] illegal activity bro here's the deal yeah i don't think a [ __ ] shooting people just how could that be his takeaway. from that the thing that guy. said oh yeah oh yeah focus. on the baby blood part. mh not the part that it's kind of rude. that he said you'll never make it. in fact he kind of said. said you can make it if you want. all you got to. do is drink baby. blood they didn't say you couldn't make it focus. on the baby blood part. man also also sn gang what the hell is. that it said it. on his hat oh oh let me clear. something up for every single person. from the or everybody. who thinks this or thinks. maybe it's true or anything. like that nobody has ever had to. drink baby blood to. be able to. make it there's no gatekeeper. of the entertainment industry that. is like i'll give you the record. deal i'll give you the movie. deal i'll buy your movie. i'll pay you to. da as long as you drink. this baby's blood that has not only does that. not happen that has never happened. what the [ __ ] is wrong. with you people this guy kind of believes it. too yeah i love you. this guy but focus on that. part dude i said stuff. like this on my podcast. people [ __ ] tore me up after that yeah what yeah they get mad when you say that they think that it's true. well i'm sorry if you think that i'm just really sorry. that is false i know. i would have that's the thing. why do people want to. believe that so bad anyway. that's the weirdest part that's the weirdest part. i know people want to. believe it's so bad but but but here's the weirdest. part about it is i made it i i would kind of i would have heard but also you would have. had to do it. according to right. right true but i would but my point. is i would have at least heard something. right that's the thing never once. and then people are like well that's because he's [ __ ] he can't because he did the thing. or whatever he can't say it. because he did oh of course yeah. yeah they got something on them. okay well nobody's ever drank baby. to to make it dude. to make it im. and then you get like the fourth lead in the new fast. of fs movie right. like what's the threshold who's who's made it what's the threshold what is the ceiling that these baby blood pe people who force you to. drink the baby blood what is. the the ceiling that they'll allow. you to get to. before you pass that threshold. cuz they're keeping those gates. locked until you drink that baby. blood like that's how matthew. mcc got uh to. kill a mocking bird. or whatever that mo time. to kill that's how uh vinel got saving. a private ryan yeah you know it's how matt damon and ben affleck. got the movie made good with hunting. yeah it's how uh donald trump. got to be in the movie. home alone too home alone. too he yeah nobody knew who he was before. that no brok i know um all right. well well uh the other thing. is i mean to. answer you might as well answer. his question right. is it dick in any way. to say you won't make it because x y. and z yeah i guess. it's not though it's not now. because if if if you're if you have zero. talent oh i see what you're saying. yeah and somebody loves you and they should sit you the [ __ ] down and be like hey this is really hard i don't think you have what it takes. you know why don't agree with that. i'll be honest what here's here's why. how many u movies shows. how much how much music yeah. even fine artists every kind of art. form comedians have you seen who are successful and think that is not just bad that is [ __ ] terrible uh many right yeah but on a level that at least it sounds professional there there's no okay we have friends that so you're saying if you're absolute [ __ ] yeah you're which which people are tone deaf and they think they [ __ ] rock and they're like i'm going to. be a singer that's true. yeah but even that i wouldn't. want to tell him it's like dude. your life is so short. like just do whatever. the i wouldn't either because do whatever you want. to do that you're saying. it's not dick though it's not. dick though it's it's it's in a way it's admirable i might disagree. but i get i totally get what you're saying. yeah yeah you know. yeah but i believe that. guy's good you should keep stick. with it it depends what i mean. what he's not i don't know. what he's doing but i think he's good at it. and i want you when you make it call. back on the show submit another video m and confirm the baby. blood thing for all of us. thank you much i appreciate that. in advance he's like this. guys i didn't have to. do it he's got blood all over there. and i made it yeah eight. years later [ __ ] uh tom hanks is behind him. and [ __ ] all right chris matt uh huge fan love. congratulations chris matt your advice is always fire. uh so i have a question. for you guys today i'm in miami. for my birthday um took a little weekend with the friends. but i want to. ask you guys what do you guys. think about um birthday. pl because i hate going. to birthday dinner like meals or making other people. do something like this. was a fun thing my friends. wanted to come to. miami and i mean we went out. it was a lot. of fun so but yeah what do you do. on your birthday what do. you guys do on your birthday. and what do you think about people. having birthday dinners cuz i don't [ __ ] with that that's such a good question. the guy is saying he doesn't like the birthday. plans and doesn't want to. and doesn't do that [ __ ] and hates. it on vacation because of his birthday. yeah in miami nonetheless why i get it. he might be like man. i wish i wasn't here he is. not doing that but maybe he is cu. i would look he is not doing. that here's why i like that. question you saw that guy. well then why is he asking the question. that guy goes like this. so much like when he enters a room. he does that you know. he does he's got the little little [ __ ] stuggy and [ __ ] like this and he got a towel over his shoulder for some reason just i don't know if i agree with that but funny he gets so loud when he drinks and close to. you and close to. you that and he and his breast dude. you know i didn't want to. go to dinner right it's okay. though man it's still [ __ ] rock dude we're in [ __ ] miami hey hey like this and still his arm around still taking a whole. still trying to smoke the. soy the guys here the guys like this. oh [ __ ] [laughter] man i mean that's a good question though let's be honest that's a really good question that no one's asked before do you do you not like people celebrating your birthday. i had a whole bit on this. a man of fire. oh i don't remember uh remember you can recite it. but i don't i i don't like that. i don't like to. do it i don't like to. go to birthday. dinners i don't like my birthday. dinners you know and when you're in a relationship. you have to. do it because they want to. celebrate you and you say no. and then they say yeah. you got to do. it because it's going to. be so fun and they convince you. and then you don't have fun. you know what i mean. wow it's the deeper. you know i'll be honest. though i used to. not like it so i completely get it. and if that's how it is i totally understand. it wouldn't fall anybody but for some reason. the last couple years. three years maybe i've like enjoyed that and i want. presents and i want presents. and i want them now. you enjoy people celebrating the your birthday. yeah wow really yeah yeah for how many years. i just said so i'm not going. to say it again. a few you said i said two or three. oh i said couple. or three i said oh [ __ ] that's that's crazy. i would not have known. that about you i don't know. my brother he used to. be the opposite that's why. used to not be true. so i haven't paid attention for the past. three years i wasn't with you the last. birthday no you were i was in pittsburgh. we were together my oh. oh right a couple days yeah yeah yeah yeah the year. before we were here doing. this oh yeah that was cool. that i enjoyed see interesting. interesting um i don't want to. have a birthday dinner for me uh i can i'll keep that. in mind if it happens. i can have fun during it and i will have fun. during it course but that's because i'm a master of ceremonies. oh wow um but i don't i don't want to. because i feel like i don't know maybe it's an insecure. thing like i feel like i don't want people. to be put out i don't want to. have to do the thing. what what if i think the main thing is what if the night comes and i don't want. to do it just like any other plan. yeah i mean that's likely. probably right my reason for it. was i never liked to. look a lot of people love. me a lot of people want to. celebrate me so when it comes. time for my birthday i got a lot. of different kinds of pockets. of friends different kinds of people different. groups who want to. do it and i don't love i i've always been like this. even in high school i didn't it's not that i didn't like to. mix friend groups is that i felt super. responsible for them getting along oh. really and that just made me so anxious. i that's why i don't like to. do it wow i used to. not like to to. mix my friends and now i [ __ ] love to. make my friends yeah love it. this is him this is him. go [ __ ] see what happens and then they're weird together and i'm like i [ __ ] [ __ ] them guys you know such a [ __ ] starter uh such an instigator you know yeah well yeah you're like me with my birthdays yeah used to. not like it and then you yeah yeah yeah ar yeah. yeah yeah yeah arnold um uh okay well yeah that's good. that was good that guy. was great what a good. energy he jumped off after that you know. um he did he's also 4. foot five because his head. was as tall as the railing. on the we get it. jumped off he said it. you know i wanted to. be clear about it okay. okay me and you if we had hello. matt hello chris big fan of lifeline. and congratulations sasha um i don't have a question. i have um just something i want to. say and which is that a few. episodes ago you guys did a joke. about an italian court i. just think it's funny and uh oh yeah. that is simply one. of the funniest things i've ever. heard and most likely will hear in my life. um i will think about it. several times a week if not daily co. uh and that's a good thing. um i also just want to. say that it is that joke. is a truly unique. thought no one has ever never thought. of that scenario just the whole thing. yeah about the court and the guilty and the painting. with the pose and the finger. it's truly uh one of a kind wow. i mean so thank you dude. i love when people talk about jokes. like that i don't like it. but i you do well. i love when people are like here's the why. i laugh so hard. at that and they get like real. clinical with it i always ask. you that i guess so you hate. when i ask i don't like to. do it but when people do it. about other things i like it. when you make me do it. i want to. ring your neck until you. turn blue in the face. and are dead i mean. so descriptive i just i i don't like when people break. down jokes in like a let's talk about comedy. way you don't like how people break. down their own jokes. that's what you don't like that's what i was. thinking about no i don't like anytime. anyone dissects comedy that's what he was doing. though no he was it's different. if you get into. a why is this funny. kind of discussion i want. to i want to. poke my eyes out why does that. bother you so much. i agree that's not as inter as gu something. no it's not what he did. yeah it's you're taking something. that's fun and funny. and making it not but what's wrong. with actually getting that's so stupid. getting down into the specifics. of what makes a thing. funny that's interesting to. me yes you can if you're just doing. it and you're not like pontificating. sucks you know so but you're you're talking about. if someone's talkinging about their own. [ __ ] right or in a in conversation. about their own [ __ ] because if two people are sitting around talking about [ __ ] why bill. bird's jokes are so funny. and they're getting specific that's okay. okay yes but yeah i guess. i guess i don't know it's maybe it's a case. by casee basis i guess i don't know i remember that thing. came out it was like com. comedian round table thing. yeah right yeah like that. kind of [ __ ] i don't like that's what i'm talking about. it's their own [ __ ] okay yeah okay i don't it doesn't bother. me on any level but i think that's what it. is for you yeah maybe i guess. i'd have to. think about it a little more committ soan. comm well no because somebody was just asking me. about my jokes when i i got off. stage and then they were talking about it. and they were asking me questions. and i found it fine. because i was oh obviously because you were talking. about you but but also they genuinely wanted to. know stuff it wasn't like i nobody was bullshitting. but mainly because you were talking. about you let not like talk about me. yeah okay now that we're clear. on that i'm i'm all set. i would have been mad. if it was someone else. talking about it see. this is what i'm talking. about is there anything. you want to. know about my comedy no. if you think of something you can always write. me later great okay want to. do another one okay hey matt hey chris uh just looking uh for some advice. on uh social etiquette. i guess you can call it. um i live in a small town. in canada um very canadian. friendly people lots of small. talk uh i have twin eightmonthold. baby girls so i spend a lot. of time in town with them. um i get a lot of people coming. up to us looking at the girls. i'm totally okay with that. i'm from a big city. so i'm really embracing this. small town vibe i'm outgoing. and friendly myself so totally okay. with those interactions my only problem. is uh when people reach out and touch the girls. tou their hand or tickle. them i hate that who would do. that i don't like it. i don't think i need to. justify it they're strangers. i don't know how good their hand. hygiene is just not okay so what i have. been doing is saying oh hey you know. if you don't mind not touching the babies. um i think i'm coming across politely. i'm intentionally trying to. be polite and friendly. about it wow but i'm not getting. good responses people just kind of awkwardly. end the conversation and there's just weird. vibe uh in the space so i don't want to. be known in town. as the rude mom i guess. i don't like the way. it ruins that friendly. report we had um so if you have a good. way to say that so it. doesn't ruin again that the good. exchange that we're having um that. would be helpful thanks. damn this is probably that you're going. to have to. do uh i just when they reach for your baby. say no no no no no no no and when they stop make up. a thing that your child. your children both have some like rare. thing that if you touch them. you disappear they like get really they yeah. you the person doing it. disappears you don't want to. disappear do you uh that. they have some like sensitive skin. thing that they if they get touch. the their skin is actually. real sensitive be careful. don't touch them no not no. it has you have to. make up a condition. that sounds like you're flam. they have flamous yeah yeah they have flamous. tell them they have flamous. especially on whatever part they're about to. touch oh they have flamous. on their arm don't touch. it you don't want to. disappear listen listen listen. you touch them i swear. it's a weird rare conditioning you become blurry. you don't want to. become blurry to everyone yeah. um no but for real the the the second part. is that it's not going to. matter what you say there. are going to. be people that are like like even if your kids. and you had coid and you stopped someone from getting. close because you have coid they would be like okay. like they would just they're in the moment. they're like what do you. what do you call. it when you like stop someone from doing. something they're they're not rejected but whatever lack of a better. word they feel rejected uh so they're going to. act like that no matter matter what no matter. what you say it. sucks man cuz you're in the right. you are in the right yeah. yeah you are i agree. oh furthermore take one step. people touch people's pregnant. bellies that's crazy that is so crazy. to me i agree. but that is to. me less upsetting. you can't touch a kid. dude you cannot touch anyone's kid. that isn't yours period. like even if you know. them really well it's get in there. like that's not what people do. that's a [ __ ] terrible way. to be that's not okay. but it's okay if they're your family. right of course uncle aunt and related. and it's like everybody's all yeah yeah yeah okay yeah but like some [ __ ] stranger out and about yeah. yeah yeah no no. you can't touch a stranger. kid under any circumstance. in fact you could very well. get angry in those instances. and you'd still be in the right. yeah i agree i agree i agree not that. i'm saying you should don't but i agree. well she she doesn't have it. in her right yeah i mean. calling her out call yeah try i'd love to. see her try no she she couldn't but um she's too nice. she's too nice because she's even thinking about. it exactly and that is a canadian. and that's fine true. but right so um to. be like i don't want to. be known in in town. to as this person. a canadian so polite. right because i do want to. be known in town. oh that's crazy you didn't touch his. kids right well i don't know anything that you said cuz you just said it. as if you were throwing up. over and over again the words. came h sger so um i i think that that's crazy. i think it's crazy to. touch a pregnant lady's belly. i think it's crazy um to. touch someone's kid i was you say. that that's right the first one. yeah mhm ums do that. that would be a explain. what you just did though. but explain you you can't. just go and expect people to. know i don't understand what you're saying. explain what when someone's reaching. out to touch your kid. yes say oops oops. oops know what that is they know. what that is they do. because i said grandma. they know they know all right. um yeah i i i don't know. if um people are what james conway. that's that's uh dude people are [ __ ] crazy bro. yeah they don't get etiquette. they don't get a lot. of this episode has been about that. it is that it is that it. is that but um i don't understand. is there another one. there we go so happy. guys i'm my big fan. of the podcast chris i saw you in phoenix at the hon. fantastic so much i have a question. for you or i guess. uh more of input. uh it's about my girlfriend we've been together. 2 years she is just fantastic. to death u but she does have one habit. that she just can't seem to. break about you after i brush my teeth. i rinse it all tap. off you got to. go back what do you never seen. someone so mad in my in my life. dude oh god but she does. have one habit that. she cannot seem to. break dude this is the look at the face. look at the face look at the face. he's making dude cr crem so angry. wow so angry she hates. it this is the most oh my thank you. jesus for this he hates it. so much that he lays in bed. and when he thinks about it. he doesn't realize it but he's not breathing. when he thinks about it. he's just like he's holding his breath. for like 90 seconds he's so red. in the face and he's got the covers. and then and then and one time. he did it and he exhaled. and and the the girlfriend said you're breathing. too loud you woke me up. and he got so angry. that he started to. cry dud you ever get so angry. that you cried you ever. get so angry you cried. i one time one time. how is that possible. so i didn't know it. was a thing i got so angry. guess it i guess i i mean. i guess it makes sense. dude i got so angry. and i was laying in bed. and i just felt so angry. that tears started coming. out of my eyes and i thought wow i didn't know you could get this. angry so you weren't crying. you tears came out of your eyes. though when you were angry. there were no like no sadness. right right okay yeah how crazy is that i mean. maybe under under under it. it was s sense i guess. cuz anger is dude. yeah exactly a cover for sadness. right right right so poetry but but that's crazy. i've never heard of that never done. it i don't even know it. it might have been like a rare. i could be oh mak it. make it up okay. okay go back to. that part that is the absolute pinnacle. of everything chris i saw you in phoenix at the celebrity. theater on the round. was a fantastic show. fantastic show anyway look at this. uh i have a question. for you or i guess. uh more of input. that's about my girlfriend we've been together. for 2 years she is. just fantastic over to. death but she does have one. habit that she just can't seem. to break uh i don't know about you but after i brush my teeth. i rinse it off and i tap. off the excess water. and i put it in the ho. serious she rinses it off and sets it on the edge. of the sink jutting into. the sink about that much. so if i need water. i can't just bend down and get water. to rinse out my mouth. i need to grab the hers. and put it in there. for her i've asked her. about this quite a. few times but she just can't. seem to break the habit. how would you go about. [music] that she can't she didn't break. down the very did you see. the very last moment. yes i okay good cuz if you didn't and you watch. it now you'd pass. out you've got to. you've got to. play it again dude. thing what would you think. about that the very end is my favorite. thing ever dude dude uh i have a question. for you or i guess. more of input it's about. my girlfriend we've been together. for 2 years she is. just fantastic to. death but she does have one. habit that she just can't seem. to break uh i don't know about you after i brush my teeth. i i rinse it off. i tap off the excess. water and and i put it in the holder. she rinses it off and sets it. on the edge of the sink. jutting into. the sink about that so if i need water. i can't just bend down and get water. to rinse out my mouth. i need to grab the hers. and put it in there. for her and i've asked her. about this quite a. few times but she just can't. seem to break the hat. how would you go about. that dude honestly this guy this. guy i have a headache. i'm laughing so hard. honestly as far as like things that partners have. done that i find annoying. yeah that dude that isn't even that's not. even near the [ __ ] batters but it's not even in the ballpark. dude it's literally in the [ __ ] parking lot if if if that's if your relationship. is baseball that is a computer so far. it is so dude. i why why does that. bother you why does that. bother you dude i want. to oh want to. know so bad if that's where your relationship's. at you have the greatest. relationship in the [ __ ] world so there's one thing if that's the one thing dude you are 10 out of 10 living the best life in history yeah so good jutting has has measured it has measured every night measures it and the most it was was three inch you know sweetie can you measure it please and come back to. me and tell me what you did. wrong also such a specific problem like if i want to. end over to put water. in my mth brush your teeth. first you [ __ ] also you can do that how small is your sink right also pick it up and put it back. that's not a bad thing. he's like sometimes i even have. to take it off. and put it like that's this. that's this i that's that. i got to you do. you understand what i mean. when i say this i need that. guy to be my friend yeah. i do know you do know. that right i love guys. like this so [ __ ] much bro. yeah you do i i i i i mean. wow this is just fantastic. i i don't understand i don't understand. and i and and at the same. time i get it i want. this guy i want to. have fullon hours long conversations. with this guy yeah you do at a diner. yeah yeah bob's big boy. you know so he says to. her hey sweetie can. you yeah he's brought it up. cuz here go so here's the deal. so i'm in my bathroom. we got two sinks right. in the master bathroom all right. one's mine one's kristen's kristen. uses her sink about 15% of the time. why now there that's a great. impression of me no. but what's her reason. what dides she say when you there. her stuff is near. her is all on hers so she like her makeup. [ __ ] so she'll come over use mine. right okay and i always say to. her babe why don't you use. your sink but why does it. bother you if you're not also using it. at the same time right. because my sink when i get there. will have like her toothbrush jutting out. no because it'll be either. wet or like yeah there's water. everywhere or her she'll like there's be toothpaste in the sink. which is kind of gross. to me like wash it. wash it down interesting um now you're getting. into that guy territory but okay you don't think that's gross. no i don't think that's gross. okay it would bother. me because if it stayed there it. would get like hard that's right. okay that's what i'm saying. you said it's gross. i don't think it's gross. it's gross if it stays there. even then it's not gross. it's just dirty it's like not clean. what it want so so so um yeah and it bothers me. enough to be like babe. why don't you use your sink. and then she says oh i don't know i didn't i and i i forget. about it yeah i don't think about it. again except for if it happens. again right of course yeah this he's mad enough. to make a video on lifeline. yeah oh it's crazy i'm telling you. i think that that's the best. submission we've ever got well. for you yeah that's your favorite. for sure what's mine we've had some really. good ones in this. episode actually this was as far great. for submissions yeah this might this. is probably the best episode. submissions and me you were lacking. but i will say no man. that was so maybe it's charlie. charlie's here dude i don't even. understand man that one was so [ __ ] amazing i i i i he was in phoenix i'll tell you what when i'm in phoenix no [ __ ] i'm going to. be in phoenix again i'm playing it. again this year i think i'm doing it. in april or may or something i want to. meet you dude he's he'll come. to the show okay. yeah i want to. meet you yeah so bring your girlfriend. or wife whatever it is. yeah perfect dude yeah yeah yeah yeah all right. great wow dude honestly thank you. god for that well okay you know. i'm being serious if there's a god. that's why i said okay. i'm not sure if there's a god if there is thank you for that. that's so great dude. i'm going to think. about that you know. i'm going to think. about that all night. dude okay all right. you know what i mean. like we're getting so carried. away here but it's i i'm going. to in i'm going. to have that guy organize my funeral. when i die that's the level. you're going to what i'm saying. what i'm saying is well he's going. to die first with that level. of stress but i just want he seems so happy. maybe not i know but that's why. cuz he's not feeling it. you know he one day he's like god. what a beautiful yeah yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the brain. blood clot just yeah it's just going. to explode out of his skull. yeah yeah and and and he's going to. and and and his wife's going. to be like oh no. honey are you okay and he's just going to. go like this you [ __ ] [ __ ] [laughter] never ever been me in his life did the most unadultered just just like can't even breathe and like [ __ ] god damn [ __ ] you [ __ ] [ __ ] foaming [ __ ] he's never ever snapped at her or gotten mad at her once in their life together you know but he's been holding in he's going to. die so he's like got to. get it out you know. mother you son of a motherless. goat i'm crying bro charlie's so confused dude she's [ __ ] staring at me so scared it's okay hey it's okay oh [ __ ] man jesus all right well we got to. end the [ __ ] episode all all right. all right all right you do it. sign up sign up. for the patreon patreon dot com. life on luxury is so good. it's so fun we just talk we don't do. the submissions but man. we laugh have a good. time i'm on tour. i'll be in long beach. i'll be in philadelphia. he still he doesn't have the [ __ ] thing up the [ __ ] dude he'll be in florida. right the [ __ ] doesn't have the thing up in florida. he brought up a bunch of pictures. of jared let is what he brought up. uh uh richmond virginia fort meers. orlando uh bal more trenton philadelphia. reading and then ox nor california. thank you very much leave. a comment on what glasses. matt like what what to. wear um oh dude. go to the private dot com. i got a new podcast. coming that's right and guess what i want. you to be a guest. on it you got a good. story to tell want that guy. to be a guest. yeah dude yes you the last guy. from mr [ __ ] toothbrush in the sink submit. yourself as a potential guest. on the show go to. the privat record dot. com or email the privat. gmail dot com i want to. hear your craziest story your best. story whatever any crazy story you want. to tell me let's get in here come. on and then also a coach. uh watch lifeline dot com for the uh if you want to. do a thing uh gave up in the middle. of i'm so exhausted i'm laughing. you want to. do a oneonone session. with me go to. mata dot com you want the lifeline. merch the answer is yes you do you got to. go to lifeline merch dot com. to get the best [ __ ] cuz you know we got it if you buy it you love us if you don't buy it you don't love this you know how that goes and uh yeah oh yeah you already said that part okay great thank you love you hello. hello hello hello hello hello 