 [music] runk h. hello hello hello hello hello are you okay yeah i just getting nervous. all right well don't be nervous. this is big though i've been i've been i've watched. i have not missed. one lifeline really yeah i've watched every single one. or something all of them. more than once wa i know. it's really really that's a lot. it's like 100 hours i know. and and it's funny i know. that you strategically made your chair. higher and and yet. i don't mind right. yet i don't mind well. you're also shorter than me. right well yeah but but not my torso right. because it's height. is in the legs although you have a very long torso because okay i have also long legs. no if your legs were proportion your if your body. was in proportion to. your legs you'd be 5'7 5. well no that's no dude. what are you talking about. i'm good proportion man. no but i'm saying from your legs. or not my legs are doing. fine do you know i want you. to before we get into. this i'm really excited about giving advice. because i've lived a life. and a lot of people have said i've lived. a champion's life right. people have said you live a champions. life that's what i hear. that um okay like brian count lives. a champions life yeah okay um i want you i think people have said that. i want you to. dress differently no i so i can't. i've actually tried to. i know me too no. no i've tried to. dress differently but you look like the guy. who didn't make it in nascar. but you know what is that. fair but here's why i don't know. if that's fair d well. no it's like it's like it's like he would have done. it he would he would have had it. but he got all caught up. you know no dude listen no. you look like the guy he got caught. up that's the problem i tried. i heard he was amazing. yeah he had all the talent. he he would have been a superstar but he got caught. up with driving just other [ __ ] you know drugs. and stuff yeah all that. stuff you look like you did. all the drugs and all the booze. you went through your phase and and now you're out. of it but it's too like it's too late. but you never drank no no i never drank. dude you know that. yeah you suffer probably from the guy. lived on mustard turkey. and no sun you know. what dude what i don't suffer period. right we can agree okay. look yeah i am looking. and you know what i see. what careful okay cuz you see. somebody who's squared away and put together. i'll tell you what you see. and i'm going to. say this uhhuh i'm glad we're doing this. if you and i are walking down the street. separately uhhuh they're mugging the [ __ ] out. of you right no because you don't look. like you're squared away you look. like a whole bunch of different. moving parts everything about you is in shambles. it's unorganized that guy could have made it. in nascar but he didn't let they're not going. to say that nobody's saying i look like i could have made it in nascar but i didn't they might also say he's been on a boat. for too long dude. that's not true why why. you look like you've been on a boat. dished i'm organ my body's. unorganized yeah you look like you've been on a boat. i'm not saying you're a cast away. although you could be i'm saying you just been on a boat. for too long tearing up. in the dock you never even. got off the [ __ ] off the boat you stayed in the slip. and you drank until you guys got to. the next [ __ ] slip what's a slip. it's a it's where you put your boat. okay pay a slip fee. dock like a docking it. you're the [ __ ] you're the drun dude. i don't i the point. is this before you talk about my [ __ ] appearance if you're walking. down the street talking about your it's fine. if you're walking down the street. yeah i'm not getting predators predators see like. the wounded animal and you got a you got a you got a limp or something's. going on with your [ __ ] cuz your legs. are not everything i don't have a limp. dude and my legs are [ __ ] fine siiz okay but they're skinny a little bit but yes and but there's this right there's this you see me there's no wasted. space there are no errant parts. brian you see someone. who's squared away you're squared away. no no okay he's going. to give you the what. for and meet you halfway. if there's a problem don't step to. him cuz he's got eyes. everywhere and i'm [ __ ] cat quiick and i'll tell you something else what i'm on the balls of my feet. that doesn't matter dude. listen until it comes down no. your it comes down mini you're mini there. i said it you're mini i've always wanted. to tell you that no i'm not you're mini you're mini your head's. mini your shoulders are. mini you you're g. 170 dude you're you are. you are not 170 yes i am no. you're not and and you're five what. nine i'm five for real bro. be for real you're 911. i'm in flipflops right now. get a tape do we have a tape. measure no we don't have a [ __ ] tape. measure you f flops and i'm and i'm taller. than 5'11 you're not 511 and here's the other too am. you got one he's got one. come over here oh. he's got one [ __ ] he's got one we measure the height. yeah dude i'm look at that. look at how squared away. i am look at my shoulders. three inches there so so three inch. there go ahead go ahead. and measure me i'm in flipflops. i'm in my toe holds all right. ready all right what's it. say okay oh it says 5'11. there we go look. how i look at 511 look look. look 51's right here for me. no it's not no it's not. no you are taller. oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] i'm six i'm almost 6'3 okay hey dudey you got shoes on min no you got shoes on but let me just tell you something dude okay yeah so you're going to. probably where this weekend you're probably. going some dude that's not hold. you're fall i can hold that. for a half hour you're you're you're so we can we can agree. um that uh uh we can agree that. i'm taller okay okay and you're mini. you are mini so you're not mini so what's mini then well dude. that mini is is what you what. you would be if your torso was in proportion to. your legs i already said it. 5 that's not true my. torso is in proportion to. my legs and also dude. if my legs were in proportion to. my torso oopsy da right yeah wouldn't be an athlete because nothing moves. together i wouldn't be an athlete. cu it doesn't matter to. be an athlete for me. i got the gift. the gab i used it. to my [ __ ] i used it. to my advantage and now your boy. could talk the doors off. okay i could talk i could be in a room. and dude uh oh i'm in trouble. i see all these people closing. in i could talk the doors. off this place and i'll tell you what i'll tell you what these guys now. on my side these on my side. without lifting a finger a lot. of people come to. me for wisdom and that's why i'm here they don't. do that and and a lot. of that's because i've lived close. to the bone and what i say. what i say sticks to. your ribs now here's the thing. means nothing so you do have. the gift of gab. and you do talk well. thank you and i just convinced. you of that because of my yeah. but my my kung fu my kung. fu uh master used to. always say that a hollow tree. makes the loudest noise when you. bang it okay so one of the reasons. that you don't hear from me. a lot i hear from you. a lot no but when it when it comes. down to it so when there's no left. turn or right turn and you see. me go from my the balls. of my feet to. my heels yeah now it's time. for daddy to dig. down and dig deep. right it means nothing dude. when i when i root my my heels. in the american soil and i start and i start playing for keeps yeah. now you you're not going to. hear a [ __ ] peep okay. you're just going to. hear po so you going. to hear something that's going. to be my fists doing. their work all right dude. you're a stupid [ __ ] huh. or or or using open. hand slapping not slapping that it's that. redistributing the weight right well it's my chi. that goes from my root chakra and it goes into. your heart your heart stops and now you die. here's the good news there's no good. news there is good news. if i die okay. no i revive you. i know how to. revive right dude and that's a warning right i took you to. hades and i brought you. back all right all right listen. mania no no no dude no can. we just [ __ ] get to. the podcast dude let me just say. this i want to. establish a couple things yeah i i that's fine. dude that's all you ever established. you say you're close. to the bone you've got your bootstraps on and whatever the [ __ ] get the t get the tattoos out of here you're squired away i'll get more dude i'm going to be so tattooed up and you know why what cuz i'm different now and it's going to and and and and you know what i you know what i do have to do for real if i get more tattoos i said to the tattoo artist i was like dude i actually i want to get some more tattoos get i was like maybe a snake maybe a dagger i don't know i i know you did i know exactly how you got your tattoos you went to the tattoo artist and you held up a picture this is not true you did you said i know exactly what the how you got your tattoos you said to the tattoo artist you held up a picture of a stripper in portland that that is said i want to look exactly like this tur me into a human doodle pad a male stripper no a male stripper a g stripper you're saying i don't know how they identify i i you're saying i could dance around a if i had to dance around a pole if i had to dance a i can do it and and i can i can make women attracted to it you know how women are like no we don't like that [ __ ] we like a guy to be manly i can actually take it to the next level dance around a pole and the women go like this oh come on okay no i don't oh okay i guess i'm inv involved no i guess i just i'm involved d goes like this i didn't ever really think i would be involved with something like this but i guess i'm involved you know what i'm doing too what i got the towel and i'm holding it and i'm doing the thing and the crowd's over there and the woman's here and i'm like this i'm like you could you could if you want okay so after chanting after chanting tatum comes out this is i'm the mc at the male stp club and now ladies and gentlemen put it together he's got the gift of g he's got long stringy very oily hair so be careful and clean under your nails after you run your fingers through his hair he's white he's long he's covered in moles that's what i say no i'm. not covered in moles dude. and i come out looks like you a chair. dude someone wheels me. out just like this oh god dude. have you shaved or anything. no no it's it's really wiy what the it's really. wi but at least you cleaned up right. no no nope n dude. open anus out everybody's like oh god but the girl smells the haters do that but the girls. are like this i'm involved. and i'll tell you what too. um they don't it's not they're not trunk. and blinded by your light. dude yeah they are dude. but you're showing them your [ __ ] is at least. are you aroused or you. just all heavy and lazy down. there no i'm not and just hair yeah you know. what my penis looks like what. someone on the subway yeah. dude so someone on the sub. so it looks like the living dead. it looks like the living dead. if i put a a cup like a paper cup. like you know with the frayed edges next. to my penis people would be like oh poor guy. and put money into. it well you probably have your your your dick. hole is stretched just so so you can actually put small coins. in there yeah my that would be really. gross that would be really. gross and also and also if if wind can go. into it it go. yeah yeah and if you can make noise. go yeah but okay so so i go to. the tattoo artist and i'm like hey i need more tattoos and he goes. yeah okay i'm a little worried and i was like why. oh am i getting too. many too fast and he goes. absolutely not it's totally cool. yeah what i'm worried about is. he says first of all what is your he. say this yeah he said so he said this is exactly. what he said i said i want. to get more tattoos and he hit me. right away with this you're 40. i know i know that no no no. he didn't say that he said. i'm worried about your towel situation. i said what's this. mean he said how many big bags. from i like ikea siiz bags. do you have and i said what are you. talking about he says here's what i'm worried. about he goes like this. they gets real nice. to me he goes like here's what i'm worried. about i'm just going to. be straight for you like i know. you have you know obviously. you can get the tattoo you you have the money. and all that you have the space. on your right even. though your shoulders go on for days. he's we have the space. right yeah cuz we did. some we're going to. do some on my shoulders. yeah he goes like this. he goes like this what i'm a little worried. about is you start. getting more tattoos you walk around. say you're walking in your car. yeah okay and all of a sudden. a few women are walking. by yeah i'm worried for their if if they because it gets because they're because what they can. do is fall down and here's why. i know why why they fall. down is because when they see me. with all and i'm yaded up. right and you see stuff. peeking out right but you see. stuff peeking out right. and i've got clothes on i i've got enough. clothes on but you see. stuff peeking out right. so you know i got something under okay. which signifies you you live on the edge. yeah and i do and so if if if a bunch of women. see that now all of a sudden they're in jeopardy. for they can they can get they can get abrasions. they can get a bunch of strawberries. on their right by falling. they can they can hurt. their back why they falling. because this is i said he says he's worried that they'll. slip and i said because they're what and he they they're dripping on the floor. is that why is that why yeah yeah i asked. him i said so what the [ __ ] he says that's why i as about your towel situation. if you need more tattoos he looked at me. he said i'm going. to be very frank. with you yeah you need more towels yeah and i need to. bring around and i said and i was like all. right i guess so yeah i have a bunch of big. ikea bags that i keep with me. right five or six and each of them. have 12 towels in them. more yeah so um i pass. your shows you have to. pass them out so that. they can dab their vagines gross. yeah so they go like so like this. yeah i go i go. like this this it for you yeah. and now if you go to. jail yeah say you know. whatever you get you you. get put in jail for murder. right cuz you you're hard. yeah what gang are you in in jail. i uh i am you got. the i start my own. yeah you start your own. yeah i make everyone jealous. of the g of of my cool. new gang your cool new gang. is what what do you have. to do with be in your cool. new gang no no honestly we we uh there there's not really there's no you can just be if youing and [ __ ] you' be terrible you're going to. get trade it for. cigarettes no i go like this. you want to. [ __ ] my ass okay what do it but i you don't [ __ ] my ass i [ __ ] your dick with my ass they go like this oh i'm not all prepared for that here's what i would do if you were in jail i would say chris go like this with your finger now go like that okay now put that right in my belt loop. and stay close to. me dude first of all you don't have and then and then i'm going. to trade you for. contraband what why would i carry on. for that need back in a half. hour because cell block d. wow it's bored so listen. dude how much time. we it's okay look go. pull up my things here pull up my things. here all right so we're going to. so we're going to first. what we're going to. do is i i guess i'm on we got more dates. on sale okay so yeah i know crazy. right and you can open. for me if you want to. but i'm not opening for you. just saying so charlotte north carolina. knoxville look at all these dates. little rock arkansas nashville keep it. moving calgary ottawa edmonton montreal hamilton cleveland. detroit orlando fort myers now. dude hey he keeps the seats. warm right because they show up. he keeps him warm but not too. warm right because sometimes they stand. in the middle sometimes i stand. in the middle dude. you ever got a understanding ovation. middle people always like hey you got a standing ovation. oh really they yeah i would you ever. get one in the midle because what you're saying. in arizona before you you came in and and and sabotaged my show. yep you mean my show no my show. her made it mine no yeah. her made it mine no no. no listen listen i'm going. to be in portland uh the helium. comedy club i keep it. small i keep it tight. i keep it into. right right right right because that's because i keep it real. because i stick to. my roots okay. all right and then i'll be at the fani theater. in port charlotte florida making places. up okay yeah go to. dot com i went there. oh you went there okay. dot com still on your all. right i know i'm not good. with that comedy zone i'm not good. at that dude yeah i know all right. dude whatever just go to. brian dot com lot. of dates if you like to. laugh and i'm big i'm chris's biggest influence no you're not dude. one time i saw one time. i saw uh a a you know. how they would do like comedy. shows around town and [ __ ] like and they would have flyers for them when we were coming up to. instead one time one time. i saw a flyer and it said got no. money but still want still like to. laugh and it was like come on down. free show no i'm not even. making a joke about your thing. but it was like got no money and still like to. laugh and i was like a i almost wanted. to quit got no money but still like to. laugh for what for like something. in kenoga park like a [ __ ] you know what i mean. yeah i i i get that you do. those shows no i don't i don't um all right. so go to if you have a question. go to you know look at the f. [ __ ] uh watch lifeline dot com and then the new merch is out lifeline merch dot com uh now you're you're going to. give people advice in the show. yeah [ __ ] yeah dude we save people's lives i understand. but you don't live a normal. life so what are you going. to i can get down. and dirty with people cuz we live same. life look at my hands. my hands have been my hands have worked my hands bro. you're mini dude you're mini dude. how am i what would you. give to be uh 6'2 god. what are you yeah dude. got you crack them. a little bit yeah dude. everything saw i saw behind your face. yeah yeah yeah yeah to be. 6'2 210 oh. 21 who the everything i get all right. dude a no dude. you know what i walk around. like i'm 6 to. i'm 6 to. uh six here in my heart. okay i got the heart. of a lion all. right dude i do so uh they call. me lionart you know that. they don't do that aam movie. all right so let's go. to the first person here and we're going. to and this is what we do. and i know you've seen every episode. because you love it. your favorite podcast lot. of people favorite podcast. oh by the way matt couldn't be here because he's sick. that's why he can't be here. he's got a weak. constitution all right well don't say that. about my brother if you put me you and matt. in an elevator jesus christ. dude you know what you'd be doing pushing. buttons hey 47 please that's what you do. with a little stupid hat. on i would until until you heard that. that's the korean guy who comes. on and says uh he says you have one. minute to fight to. the death and i would in 30. seconds later i'd be going ding ding. opening the door and i'd have some scratches on. me but you'd both be dead. right because i could kill. both you with my bare. hands in an elevator i don't even. know that you need that. much room to. move it doesn't matter dude. you don't know so right. room or no room. cuz i would take your brother. and i love your brother. but if it came down to. squid games i would i would break. his neck i hate to. do that and then i would take him. by the ankles and i would beat you to. death with your own brother and that. sucks to say out. loud but that's how i would win. a fight you'd beat me. to death with my brother's ankles because no he's thin. i would pull one of his arms. off you can't you're not a [ __ ] ape i'm i'm [ __ ] stupid strong. when it comes down to. competition you know what find way. to win you know what's going to. happen to you one. day what you're going. to be you're gonna i'm gonna see you one. day and it's gonna be soon. dude and and and i'm gna. see one day i'm gonna be like oh it finally happened. you're actually you're too old. no yeah and it's and it's this. is what this is what age. is like this is what age. is like for you that's what it's doing. no it's not yeah it. is dude yeah it is no. it's not no it's not yeah i come. on age is going like this. i can't i can't find a way. in i don't know it's just it's something. different about him his dick. is always hard what well just i'm vital. i'm i'm viral i'm viral i have. vitality um all right so all right. let's go to. the first one here and then we're going to. do it oh look at that. well that's your brother yes it is what's up. everybody he sick uh sorry. i couldn't be there today uh i missed. being there i wanted to. be there but i couldn't because i got co. and i didn't want to. give everybody co so i'm being responsible. staying home and uh i miss it. i wouldn't tell anybody spread. it chris what's up. man uh haven't seen you since. the special uh which went. off amazingly and uh i miss you i love. you sorry i can't be there. today i heard you have a guest. host i heard you ask somebody. to fill in and uh i think you said. it was uh uh your friend ryan. uh ryan callum brian callum you know. my so thank you ryan for filling in for me. so dis you're available um fig you would be and you were so that's great. um my actually do have something i wanted. to seek your guys advice. about though okay um which is why. i'm making this video in the first. place uh chris it's mainly for you but also ryan you can chime. in brian if you got some ideas. as well uh the seat. that you're s sitting in right. now ryan is actually my seat. as as you know as everybody. knows and um i since now you're in it. um i'm a little i don't want to. say concerned or worried. but i i'm trying to. figure out what the best. way forward is whether i just like clean. it regular do i power. clean it do i bleach it. do i hire uh a commercial cleaning team. to come in and and and make sure that got to. wait till chairs uh the seat. and the whole area. that i'm sitting in that you're sitting in now that i usually sit in is clean. and up to enough. after you kind of yeah. muck it up get in that. whole area with your own whatever. stuff he's talking about talking about fact that i don't uh i would appreciate any any any and all advice. on the subject um yeah. all right love you chris. love you love you everybody. listening and uh thanks again. ryan uh big shout out to. ryan callums it's for me. he he said he said he knows. about sar says he knows. you don't wipe your ass. he knows you don't wipe your ass. i don't believe in wiping because i believe in being natural. that's disgusting all right. yeah i believe in i air. dry okay now listen what um we'll just get a new. chair yeah get a new chair. because also i or sell it. on ebay and make a fortune right. make a fortune if we sold brian. c's chair honestly how much you think we get for. it well it depends on if you want to. ovulate or not and if you want. a child what yeah what are you. talking about my scent. my scent actually causes women. to ovulate yeah that's a fact. that's a fact but told by who you went. to what a nutritionist yes that see i got you. there because that's not who would tell you that. okay well maybe i but i know i only go to. nutritionist for everything for all my advice. including my financial advice so broke i know. i know i invested in raw. milk and it doesn't last they [ __ ] going. to tell sh told me. into yogurt and i did a terrible. job i bought like i bought pallets of of raw. milk that's terrible people. say people say that. you shouldn't take advice from realtors but you're take advice. from a nutritionist milk futures they. told me to. buy milk futures because they said that. [ __ ] what is milk. futures you buy milk and you just you you. bet that the milk. is going to go. way up in value because because why would milk. go the guy told me. that cows are they they that. cows are not as plentiful as the media. is making milk that's not. what the media is like lying. about the media is lying. about everything else in the world. but not that dude the media. is lying about everything. else is going on in the government everything. else is happening with all. the different movements but it's not. that that they're lying about. he said invest in milk. cuz everybody's going to. want milk and it's going. to be short of milk. and they lie about trump. they lie about biden they lie. about black do matter. but they're not lying about that. dude at least at least at least i know that fouchy told the truth. no they're about fouch lying. about me too but they're not likeing. about that dude come on man. listen listen i have some advice for your brother. okay um matt no danzig just text. me from the 80s. he wants his [ __ ] earring. back stupid danzig wants his earring. back dud he's got a dangly earring. from mother he's got a dangly earring. but you know what he's got a dangly cross but you know. what i'm going to. get hey hey get that. dangly cross from the 80s. and give it back. to one of the singers. from wham okay to. the to not george michael but the other singer. from wham you i'm give that back. to him when i when you when you pass. away and i'm not whatever it is. i'm not i'm not saying it's going. to be soon i'm just whenever you. pass away just had a check up came. back immortal keep going all. right you're not came back immortal. all right you can still. get hit by bus so. here's the deal if you i'm when you pass. away i'm gonna get a dangly earring. i'm gonna get a dangle earring. it's gonna be very big very very big i'm gna. put you on it no no no. and just walk and drag you behind me. yeah yeah you no and get tattoos on you you. you'll be dead you can't. i'm gna get tattoos on. you i am not dude. now i'm notna i'm not going to. be turned into. a christ figure i appreciate it. appreciate it but i'm not going. to be turned into. a christ figure i'm not i refuse. that i there's there's only one jesus. and yes i give and yes i am an example. of of grace under pressure. whatever it might be and yes yes yes i'm a moral warrior but i'm not. goingon to let you turn me. into a christ figure obviously you're going. to die way before. me you already look older. and that's true dude. when you say that i feel like i lose. i lose i lose years. i know you're a creature of the night. creature of the night speaking. of creature of the night. i do sleep i do. go to sleep. late and i wake up. late and then and christen's like why. didn't you wake up early. so anyway let's go to. the next one so anyway. no she says why you wake up. and make eggs for the baby. so any let's go to. the next one no no i no no no no then i say hey baby. you know maybe calvin shouldn't eat muffins. maybe he should he should eat eggs. and then she says why don't you wake up. early and do it then i feel bad. get so anyway this one okay. now here's what i do. with my baby here's what i do. with my baby i put some more milk. in there okay in there in him. so i make him a protein. shake listen to. this because babies are finicky. so i take a banana i take strawberries. i take some oats. i take some some whole milk. some organic getting boring. get boring by listing a bunch of [ __ ] grocery items. okay so let's move on. from that you said a bunch of grocery. items let's move on i get it. and i put some spinach in there. whoops oh you got more boring. how do you [ __ ] go from the most boring list to. then say i'm trying to. teach you about nutrition all. right you can get your kid. to eat have a shake. it's sweet and it's delicious. all right all right cool. so anyway so keep going so you can't feed. feed your kids sugar. cubes that's not the way. to te are you how how are you feeding your kid. maybe i can help you. he wakes up sometimes we give him. muffins because it's like you know okay. muffins but what else muffins. dude all right what else do. you do i don't know man. what else just it's fine. i'm not going to. judge you on it. all right so a muffins okay muffins. then he plays on a pad. for a while plays on. a pad for a while okay. what other nutrition do you okay. all right um after that. maybe i don't know he'll maybe like see the dessert. i got last night from postmates. and i'll be like i that and i'll give him. some that's a lot of chocolate. they say chocolate's good okay. what else do you give him. then then then maybe i'll give him some turkey and mustard. and he mostly just eats some mustard. dude so he's living on mustard. cake and and more cake he's smart. so far though no he's not going to. grow with mustard. dude my special's going to. crush it's about your kid. oh yeah yeah i know. i know but i did it. and i was dialed in dude. i know the first one went great. didn't need the second one. did the second one. and i was dialed in dude. yeah was dude listen it's different. now it's different dude. he tells the story oh for [ __ ] sake he tells the story it's not just about comedy. anymore oh for [ __ ] sake he was forced on the leveling. up oh he was was he hey who'd you see last night. i'll give you a hint he was. dialed in oh it. was deah oh for [ __ ] sake he's got his story to. tell doesn't he he came out. to [ __ ] oh [ __ ] he's got a story to. tell dude on dude they're teaching man. tear my special on youtube. in school you don't hear me. [ __ ] talking about that it's chuck full of metaphor chuck. full of messages and you're going to. laugh so hard don't have the family. with you because it's just got to. be a personal experience you're going. to laugh you're going. to cry and you're going. to change and that's the difference and my next special. is called you're going to. change no that you can't. cu cuz you don't have a choice. are you working new no. before we get am i working. new material yeah am i working. new material brian you say that. and then i come see you and then sometimes. you're doing [ __ ] from mad tv some days. i decide i'm going to. i'm going to rehash some of the oldies because people go. give us the hits and it gets so. overwhelming i go i'll give you one. hit but for the most part. am i working on. something new yeah this obnoxious. i know but you saw chappelle. right chelle you seen rogan. you seen burr yes. come see me. that's not not a big deal. not a big deal you're saying you're putting yourself you seen. you've seen you seen bruce. yes you've seen prior yeah. i know them i i've seen them. you've seen carl seen them. you seen them okay. i'm see me so you're putting yourself. in the by by by saying that you're not directly saying it. but you are putting yourself saying anything. i'm not saying anything you can you can hear what. other people are saying all right. all right you can hear what. other people are say don't do that. but i'll tell you what all. right what and you're doing a great. job okay watch your special yeah. i would to call. m transcendence then and then watch man. tears all right dude. man tears dude russell peters gave me that. i'm not good at naming. i'm not good at branding and i'm not good. at merch i'm not good. at those things we know that. because i'm so deep in art i'm so ne. deep in art that i forget. about the commerce i'm put i'm calling mine. the american that went up a hill. but came down a mountain is. that bad i i never heard that. super literal and long. is there anything can you do. a better is there. a better title because that's a really that doesn't really roll off the tongue thought about it the american. who went up the hill. and do you guys see that. see watch watch i watched that. special the american that went up the hill. and then came down again. do you guys watch that came down. a mountain he went up. a hill the american. that went up a hill. but came down a mountain the american. that went up a hill. and then came down a mountain see. i don't even know what that. means so much well you will if you see the whole thing. dude you know why. i got a store to. tell dude here's the deal. my shit's going to. [ __ ] oh [ __ ] what my [ __ ] i to. say this but when is it. dropping yeah i don't know. i don't know yet. because i have to. make sure that the world. is ready the world is ready. why what do you mean. so they're ready they've seen man. tear they've seen complicated. all right so look let's do another. [ __ ] one here but anyway my my mine's i'm going. to call my gang busters. hey guys i want to. talk to you about something. called next evo all right. uh when it comes to. wellness okay wellness is very important. a lot of people think it's about nutrition and exercise. and it is but it's also about other things. that are at least equally. as important like physical mental. and emotional health uh so sleep. stress management and uh mindfulness are all. important aspects of wellness uh doing. your research before you buy means making better. informed choices especially when it comes. to stress or sleep. products like cbd a study. by an independent lab. confirmed some brands contain. up to 60% less. cbd than they claim on the label. all right but listen. here with next evo naturals you can. trust you're getting the best of the best. as the most clinically studied cbd. brand on the market that's this. right here next evo it takes research to. the next level great. to relieve stress um great. to pop and then get in bed. and have a great night's sleep. that kind of stuff wake up. feeling you feel refreshed. and well rested vegan gmo free glutenfree thc free capsules and gummies delivered from 100%. usg grown hemp upgrade your cbd go. to next evo dot com. lifeline to get 20% off your first. order of $40 or more that's 20% off $40 or more at nexxt. dot com lifeline here we go. this is a guy first of all shave that. mustach i have a question. okay i need a visce on and it's stupid. as [ __ ] he's buckled in cuz he is the correct way. to flip someone off i used to. do it like this with the thumb. out yeah like an l. that's kind of stupid then in high. school a guy told me. that's goofball [ __ ] you look. like a nerd so then for. like four years i switched to. this well let me do it. my dominant hand yeah or like this. but this feels weird. my fingers are all yeah. you know yeah i like this. but is this nerdy yeah it's nerdy like someone you were. like at the edge of fighting. someone what would be more. scary to see this or this. okay i i got i know what's the right. way you go you i don't know now. i feel stupid doing this. people this is not right. because you it you're distracting. right that's distracting you're. taking away the power of this. right right so this. is ridiculous so you what do. you do okay so well if i'm going. to fight yeah but if i'm going. to fight everything goes to. fighting i'm not i'm not giving you the finger. i'm just moving in right. all right dude yeah you're closing. the gap yeah okay. and then then it's not going to. matter because you're just going. to hear a loud. bang all right dude. cuz what you're going. to slip and fall and hit your head. no you're going to. take a nap oh wow. how amazing would that be bang. and you're yeah no i'm you're going. to take i'm stupid i've never said that. i don't say anything. i was stupid i don't say. anything that makes me weak. jordan peterson you guys have a minute. oh no dude no listen. i go like a lot of people say. go like this i don't like that. i put that [ __ ] thing i [ __ ] dude i strap it i strap the other fingers down. boom that's fine what i do. is this though i think it's something. i think there's something really powerful. about yeah about just so so you just look at the person. and you go like that and they think that you're going. to fight them you go. like that like you're going. to shake your fist son. of a [ __ ] wow dude so i'll just go like this i just go like that uhhuh. okay you' be knocked out by now. already and then i go like that. would be knocked out see how do you i don't. know do you see how slow. that was yeah but they would be already. [ __ ] knocking you so be yelling at me. hey hey screw you man. you're the worst i don't like you dude. what do you do. what is that man. who do you think you. are what is you what are you. do and then i go i play. the piano [ __ ] and then there's a story about me. learning how to. without this finger this finger. is permanently disfigured but i still crush it and at the end. you're l you're crying because i'm crushing. it i'm playing rock n. you're what rman all right. dude i love piano. man oh i love classical. piano you never played piano. i live for classical piano. my fingers bounce you. know the story no i don't know. the story bounce my father. my [ __ ] father used to. just i used to. be forced to. sit at a piano but i wasn't given a stool i had to. hold a squat my legs would burn and my fingers would dance. across the piano and my yes. and my papa my papa who. was a fierce military man. had a cruel smell he. smelled like gunmetal and tobacco and leather. and he would lord over. me with a retan cane. and he would bring it. down on my boy. back my naked boy back. again boy and i would say yes papa thank you. for not giving up. on me papa and he would place. the piano in front of the window. for home and i would watch the children. of the neighborhood play through my tears. dude brian what you're the worst. person how many times about you said you were going. to break my finger. yeah how how how when's the worst. what's the last time. you uh told that story that's just keep popped. out okay you're a lunatic you you you live in a fantasy world i don't know what you're talking about this i just recalled my father being abusive. all right and he used to. lord over me and i still have marks on my back. from his rattan his retan stop saying. retan dude learned retan today. lear learned retan king today. fine i can't i'm sorry. that i got personal. on this podcast sorry. let's let's bring it back. to stupid land. play the next video all. right next one what's up. guys chris i'll be seeing you in tulsa. oh i already i'm just going. to cut to brass tax. here nice um when i'm doing. the horizontal mambo sex. i'll be too quick. quick to spurting yeah. word up so how do i he wins. slow down so i'm not so quick. to bra a cat yep. yeah help me out okay. okay uh also side note. how sait is it. when you get out of the shower. and you're trying to. dry yourself off especially trying. to reach back and uh wash your back. dry your back off yep. thanks guy it actually. is dude to. be like this you're a [ __ ] if you do that but here's the deal yeah. you know it is when you got a back. that way film the lord. of the rings on but i'll tell you what dude. this guy uh about the haro dude. quick to splurt you. win you win yep oh dude cuz you know why why cuz you know when people say life's about the journey nah. no it's about the splurt. no i don't think so dude. come on i know. i win when i when i if i do if i'm with my wife. i go and i go i won. that one oh god and then i roll. over i lop over and i just go. and i turn on [ __ ] gross. yeah i turn on something. with uh what's his name. what's that guy's name uh [ __ ] god you lost a bit wait what's his name you know what i say what i say you're welcome. or this is for you. or god bless america oh that's not. good that's what i said i go. i go i win i go. like that and i i go. uhoh uhoh she said what i said. i'm about to. win and then i f and i f. and i lop over dude. and i'm not even dude. i lop over and i go. and and dude and my [ __ ] fcking beard. hairs all gross and nappy. and [ __ ] hold on if you if you don't want to. come think about that. just think about chris doing. that play chris talking about how he nuts. and you won't yeah or you know. how you stop from coming. too quickly think about your mom. no dude that's not that's not cool. food network are you. looking up the guy alton alton brown. that's dude i go oh no. i go oh no you know. what i do before. i honestly before i if i'm too quick. oh no i oh no i'm about to. be silly and then i don't do that. noise and don't go and then i flop over i go. and then i turn on something. with alt and brown so disrespectful. i won and i look over. say i won oh that's not attractive. and your tongue sticks out. you're so lazy you're too. lazy to even keep your tongue. in your mouth i go this. i go this sorry i was so silly. you know i'm i'm i'm 56. man i can't do this. anymore really i can't i want. to quit i don't want. to do this i don't want. this to be my life. like i want to. i want to. be taken seriously there. are people who have been presidents at my age. dealing with stuff and i'm doing this. hey i'm friends with you and you have friends that are doctors and here. you you are here look. watching me go like this. i do i have friends. who are mathematicians and like sorry. i was silly i don't. want to do this. anymore like i want to. quit everything i wish i had the money. to just go away. and like read books. and be adult i want. to be an adult. night still calling and we still. do these bits dude. [ __ ] sorry i was so silly h is my tongue out. again you know we have kids. and they're going to. look us up and go what did. your dad do my dad. my dad you know. created him up with a new app or a new way to. to do an operation what' your dad. do dude i [ __ ] he'll go never mind. no dude i sometimes people see me. and they go they go oh dude. did you have sex today. and i say why. i say your tongue's out and then they go. it's all brown and you go. coffee and muffins. my son didn't finish his muffin. and i don't brush or wipe i air. dry my mouth and my [ __ ] oh god. oh what now oh now. that's too much that's too. much much that's too much. dude [ __ ] man you're you're unhealthy looking. what dude the yeah so yeah [ __ ] i have a karate class in two hours i'll have time to. stretch all right keep going all. all right next one yeah hey guys it's j. so um i drive a lot. and i happen to. have to drive during the worst. possible times to dri um. i know y'all live in los. angeles i've dealt with southern california. traffic myself i live in sacramento. now but i swear it. is atrocious and i just get so mad. at nothing so like how do you what. do you guys do to. stay calm especially in your in your traffic. do y' all just hire drivers or brian. drives do you have to. like listen usually i'm listening. to lifeline is what i do. to chill out i have to. like make myself laugh but other than that. i and learn a lot. from my interviews angry [ __ ]. and i don't ever give out. road rage but i just hate. it i hate driving. now um because of traffic so what you guys. i'll let you know when i figure it out. how about that i get [ __ ] mad. at dumb [ __ ] i never do. i don't get mad at dude. i have an a i have to. like [ __ ] sometimes i get angry. bro i just got to. breathe you do yeah over what traffic little [ __ ] bro. you can't control that. oh dude oh hey you just cured. me man okay but i mean. oh oh i can't control it. oh dude i wish somebody just said that. okay well are you mad. at that the fact that there. just too many cars it's not. even about i get mad. about [ __ ] dude like what like [ __ ] dude like i don't want to. talk about it man. no you can tell me. i'll help you and i can i bet. i can provide a solution. so what do you get mad. about i'll have to. think about it okay. so let me let me can i make so. the next time you get mad. call me okay i'll come over. okay okay it take so long. and i'm going to. take this part of my hand that part. of my hand and i'm going. to paintbrush your stupid los angeles. face that's it right. because you're not new york. and you're not east coast. york i'll slap i'll slap it out of you. so then you have perspective. and you go man. it could be so much worse. dude that it could be worse. for anyone man okay this is not a fu not if you're on fire. the if you were on fire. that it can't get worse. so you have to. be more careful with how you talk. all right well i i'm assuming. nobody ever says to somebody who's on fire. could be worse cuz it can't. right all i'm saying is that yeah but i'm what i'm saying. is you're not really probably. talking to somebody who's on. fire because they're already going. to may okay but you said it. can always be worse and i said i said i corrected. you okay acc okay what if someone was on fire. like oh no i'm on fire. i'm on fire and then somebody literally came up. to him and said oh dude. i have news for you. your father never loved you. that's worse i don't i got you. dude oh no i'm on fire. and are you serious. oh no and then they die. i i guess technically yeah so i'm right. i don't i don't think you're right. though because i think when you're on fire. i don't think any of that. is heard and i don't think you're worried. about that and i don't think you're even. able to hear somebody when you're on. fire so i think your points. move hey dude now now i will say this. if you're on fire and then they go you think that's bad. and then they light your family. on fire that's probably when it gets worse. you know what's funny what. i was uh i i noticed i had this. like little sc sc. you see the scrape right. there that looks like it's uh gonna lead to. something just a little a little scrape right. there but that's how it starts. but you see it right. okay little red right. there yeah i'm i'm i'm i'm like i don't know. what the hell it. is but it's it's like this. and it's been like that. for a long time yeah it's a wound. that won't heal yeah. so i go to. the i was actually at the doctor for something else and i was like what is this. this won't get worse. she's like i don't know just keep tabs. tabs on it so like all right weeks later months later i'm back at the doctor for something else i ask you know i say what is this and he's like yeah it's there it's okay probably it's just a red thing you you figure it out and i'm like okay uh but i'm kind of worried about it because it's been so long that it's been there and so i really start to. think about like how what is it. why does this why. why is this here because it's not. there for no reason right. so i'm like all right. i'm trying to keep tags of what. i'm doing every day. that's keeping keep that's keeping it. like this so i notice the only thing. that i do when i keep it. like this is the only thing. i do is when i go. into my yep. jeans right so i'm like okay. it's got to. be something there so i start. to really pay attention. when i go to. my keys this and then i i i i noticed that. when i go for my keys. or whatever it is when i go. for my wallet whatever it is that's when i do feel something okay and i i'm so like i think it's this. one pair of jeans. so i take the jeans. off i look at the jeans. there's nothing there and then i put on other jees and then i keep noticing. it's happening with the other jees too so now. i'm like is something up. with my hand the way. it goes in on my jeans. or whatever like that every pair. of jeans i wear i'm doing. it like this so i i look at every pair. of jeans there's nothing there. and then it's nothing here i go. i try medicine nothing's really helping it. i wear jeans every day. so i'm finally like dude. i'm losing my mind. calvin has a little like um has a like a science. kit and i'm like maybe if i grab the magnifying glass i'm going. to look at the jeans. in that way cuz some something's got to. be up with these jeans. so i grab the mic. the the the what do you call. it the magn magnifying glass and i look at these jeans. and and i'm i'm looking at studying and i see. this very very very very very very extremely tiny. diving board and i'm like what. and then i realize oh it's cuz my pockets stay deep. right i got i got diving i got diving. boards on my jeans. right above my because my pockets. run deep you know that that's too. long a story to get to. that and i want my time. back i have i have to. be on a plane tonight. i can't i'm busy man. i can't i'm i want an adult. [laughter] conversation stupid timing. board yeah [ __ ] dude so all right. yeah i have to. carry my money run him. a backpack or something don't. use cash you know you want to. go to the next caller. yeah let's go to. the next caller man. god maddie from texas uh chris. you just recently. sent us a cameo. right before i had my son. dock and it was really. awesome so thank you for that. uh but since having our son. we've been drinking a lot. of coffee and the other day. my husband decided to. get the chr special which for shots. of espresso over ice uh is a little intense. and he was wigging out. super hard and we were wondering like how you got there has it. always been four shots you kill. your adrenal bowels okay. yeah you kill your adrenals what what. has your caffeine journey. looked like um yeah anyways. we love the podcast. love you guys see you hey yeah we your drenal yeah. yeah yeah that's why i drink. so much coffee who cares. how how much coffee. how many how many shots of espresso. do you have and you don't pay. attention to the taste either i've got no idea how many shots i have but the other day. i had four shots and it wasn't enough. and i got a headache and you needed more. a i would i had to. take advil cuz i i was at home. i was like i got to. go to sleep. i'm not now now you go now. you sleep uh do you sleep. 11 or 12 hours how how many hours oh bro. i i i dude i've been [ __ ] struggling sleeping now oh yeah i know that's because you get older. and you're just you're drinking. all the coffee no. no no no i've always been drinking. all the coffee yeah. but you get older. and you get older and it [ __ ] you up man. so now i wake up. are you eating before you go. to bed yeah i live the life. of a king okay but don't do that. yeah d whatever when when what. do you want to. you want to. eat i'm hungry yeah i don't. ever think about it okay. but you're not going to. you want to. order something i'm not hungry. now but i will be when the food. gets here that's me. you can toss and turn i toss. and turn dude i got a [ __ ] belly. full of pasta just wasing alton brown. just oh you want to. let me win babe oh god. so uncook i'm so jealous. of kristen wait what you're hot. oh you're hot christen what oh you're hot. oh his belly full. of pasta he's got a poo oh man. all right bad posture huh. like a jum i you know i have good posture. dude bad posture your your. your back is made of of rope. you're like a crustation no. hey dude i i have good posture. man what the [ __ ] there's something about me. huh you're a human seod. let's go to. the next one what is it. this is jack from chicago. so i was out to. dinner with some friends. the other night some of which i knew. better than others and you know. i ate my full meal. i'm like chris a hamburger. is just a snack. to me but then when the meal. was over and we were all just sitting there. i noticed that the girl sitting across from me. had not eaten all our food. and so i was like hey you mind. if i finish off that chicken. and she was like uh no you know. just kind of brushed me off. said no and so i was like okay. i pulled back right maybe she wants a box. maybe she wants to. take it home waiter comes clears the plate. she doesn't ask for a box. okay so nobody gets to. eat that food and now i'm sitting there. like hey yeah well am i the weirdo. in a friendly situation. asking to eat someone. else's food or is that. a little bit out of line. let me know what the not. this one guys it's one. of those things that's not out. of line but what are you doing. eat your food and then order. something else or like what. although that girl's weird because usually like if you say you want. can have your food. i go yeah yeah yeah you're not going to. eat it yeah go ahead. yeah but but why is this. guy who or i go. like this there you go. there you go you feed. him that guy yeah she should have done that. but what does he do. with his square head it's hot. to be cut a small piece oh yeah. dude these peanuts that's a dick. barf yeah yeah all right. dude so feeding that. thing peanuts it's weird. to be like it's weird. to be like hey can i have your food. to somebody yeah it's well. that's also weird like you gonna you going. to eat that you going. to eat that like she probably was like maybe yeah. right like she was like i don't know. yet maybe and and they came and she was probably. like no you can take it. what if that's the guy. that's just always like you going. to eat like he was like oh that's not in vitam. she might have been a kind of girl. that said thinks that's bad. manners and so she went. i was thinking about dating you. but you know what now that. you did that nah right. have you ever been on a date. with a girl she does one. thing and you go i can't. do it yeah like what um what. was your thing manners one. time uh she just threw all up. over the table and goes like this. let's get out of here. and i go no i can't why did she talk. that way um she was 95 yeah. that's an old lady huh. but she had work done. so you could no i i i uh yeah one. one there was one time where uh actually one. time where i was with a. um a woman that i was seeing kind of and she and we were eating. at bos noa you know. that place in on sunset anyway. it's a [ __ ] whatever but it's good we're ea from the laugh. factory right no no not even close. so um so it's not even close. there so um just guessing. so um you might as well not say anything. instead of that so um i was with her. and she was eating and i was eating. with her i'm like maybe i like this. girl i don't know she's cool. she's hot and then she was uh she was eating. and then she's just like going like this. like as she's eating she's and she goes. like and she literally says to. me i don't know i just love dancing. when i eat like and i i go. like this in my head. if she only knew i thought what am i doing. yeah and i didn't hang out. with her again yeah yeah yeah don't be that my friend was on a date. with a girl who didn't who who he she was. she talked fast she was aggressive she was pretty and um she ate. her whole meal mh without. taking her gum out of her. mouth oh come on i'm i'm dead. serious what bro she ate her whole meal. that's disgusting without taking her gum. out of her mouth and he kind of went i think she might be a little crazy but he couldn't tell yeah you could tell after that and then um and then she ran for president. out of her van she. got a van and it didn't she didn't. get elected did at least make the uh top eight. or whatever that called she didn't. even do that apparently no what they call. that again but she had a louds speaker. and he saw her like campaigning for president. vote for me and he went well that was see that's i that was good that i didn't go on a second date. with that person right yeah i guess. i wish she was our president. honestly huh i think right. now she would [ __ ] be killing. it over biden yeah probably i don't know. he's old he's very old yeah um next uh chris got a question. for you guys is that part. neckace a buddy that was on a work. trip recently and he had like an hourong flight. that he was about to. go on okay and he was hungry. so he got uh a tuna fish. sandwich in the terminal no um but he didn't eat. it in the terminal so he waited. until he got onto the. airplane no and uh i think that's wrong. yeah it is i think you should eat. your sandwich now yeah 100% thanks for the example. when you get it. that's the prop and then i just feel like that's wrong. to one have a tuna fish. sandwich that you buy at a terminal. and two to. wait until you're on the airplane. and he had time to. eat it before but uh i think it's wrong. to wait because one tuna fish. is stinky and two. that's just gross. so well it's just stinky. it's the stinky thing that's bad. yeah yeah you don't dudea yeah. chinese food there was somebody who brought out [ __ ] chinese. food once y uh even but honestly. even like anything dude if it's if it's too smell. then no if it's too much. of a smell then no you got pe. jelly even jerky can smell. like but if it's hot. food or tuna or eggs. bro dude that's why for me. it's i always bring some salted game. meat that i've killed myself. and if i've earned it. some sliced yams if i've earned it. all right so this is like if you're going. to for me to. earn for me to. earn a starch yeah is i mean. this is becoming something that it's not. well i punish myself right. so right so if if my body is screaming. for mercy and i go we're going to. we're going to do. a couple more sets we're going to. run a couple more hills right. when i get to. the wall uhhuh i climb the wall. okay right right i climb. the wall yeah okay most people go. like a guy like goes there's a wall i can't. okay i climb the wall. all right right okay then i'll let myself eat some yams. take it easy this guy's talking. about a tuna fish. sandwich on an airplane. with salt doesn't smell. keep it natural get your [ __ ] hand out of my face. keep it natural okay. right yeah so when i do this. you're fine when i do. that yeah we're about to. go to battle. and the next thing you're going. to see is i'm going. to blink and it's going. to be that bang. again all right listen. dude the guy's talking about bringing smelly. food on an airplane. and you're talking about [ __ ] running hills bor with that. you're bored with that yeah i think that you should not bring smelly. food on the airplane. period especially if it's an hourlong flight. you're a piece of [ __ ] eat it. before or after right right but what do you snack. on on the plane nuts. um i eat maybe i'll have like some maybe like chocolates. i might eat uh the person. next to me might snack. on their hair that's kind of yeah. yeah just don't i don't even. like it it's disgusting. for me but it [ __ ] with them and it's like i'm so alpha when i do it what see you just got you they normally. don't say something sometimes. they'll be like what are you doing. and i'll be like how can you stop me. yeah i'll say go. ahead and try and stop me yeah. and then they just go yeah it's not worth. it cuz usually like you know. an older lady or something. i don't care okay. yeah good mh dude i was on a plane. the other day yeah and uh i told this. on my congratulations podcast but some [ __ ] this alarm went off. this lady went to. go to the bathroom. to the alarm went off yeah. and uh and her alarm went off in the se and she wasn't there. and i was like so that nobody touching it it. was 3 minutes the lady. next to me goes like this. to looks at me. i'm on my phone i'm like this. next to me she goes. like this is that your phone. and i was like do you know i couldn't even tell you how angry. i got what i said what. my phone i would turn it. off dude that that you ask me. what makes me angry. that kind of [ __ ] makes me angry. but you should have gone like this. this is what makes me. angry the story that you're telling cu. i want to. go back and i want to. go back and i want to. go hey you go like that to. her phone but you didn't want to. touch her phone yeah yeah because i don't want to. touch people's property i don't. like to touch people's property. that's worth it watch this. i know i know and it would have been fine. if mine was going off. and someone did that but like you know. get it together when she came back. she go oh sorry. yeah yeah she was like oh my god i'm so sorry. she was cool about it. yeah i it was so loud. i even know phones. going and you you put her her hair back in your mouth. yeah she's sitting in front of me. so i just i waited. for her to recline and then i go. like this actually when people to. recline i i just get i bring shampoo and i just i do. their hair yeah you know. what i did there was a woman. in front of me. and she was talking to. her friend and they were freezing. she was freezing i always bring stuff. but she was freezing she had. like shorts and like and i i and it was a cold. flight it was a threehour. flight and um and after i was done. you know kind of taking pictures. and stuff i uh i uh i just couldn't take it. anymore and i took out my fleece and i gave it to. her oh and she goes she goes. like this she goes thanks. that she goes thanks. you're kidding me puts. it on and now it's done. she goes oh after it she goes. thanks and hands it. back but kind of like a thanks. i was like you got to. be kidding me yeah. like hey say more say more. yeah say more i saved. you cuz i know it. was freezing like say more. she goes do you have a blankets. no nothing then she goes back. to talking to her. friend i was like and her friend felt bad. her friend goes thank you. dude what's up with pieces. of [ __ ] oh god you open a door to. somebody they walk in they don't say. [ __ ] my friend found somebody's wallet the woman. goes yeah i can't pick. it up then um yeah she goes yeah. all right maybe can you meet me. that's not going to work. for me yes he was like unbelievable. i have your [ __ ] wallet she's like no that won't work for me um let me think when when i can pick it up. yeah can you do it like how about like how's tuesday. he was like are you out. of your f come. get it that's crazy. you don't come now i made money. i made money yeah wow. that's insane awful all right. well uh that's it that's the last. one thanks for listening. um i got so many places. going on sale uh they're all on sale. now go to hamilton go to. uh kn knoxville and [ __ ] ohio and all sorts of places. in know florida i got montreal. edmonton asheville charlotte colorado springs go peruse chrystal. lea dot com new dates. all live now um and uh you want to. plug anything or what look guys. i did my special man. tier just dropped check out. his special it's [ __ ] hilarious. hilarious and um and i'll be at uh in portland. go to brian dot com. i got may i'm busy in may. i got uh the fani theater. may 4th five and 6. i got a bunch of stuff. the next weekend the next weekend. the next week i think i'm doing something. every weekend in may you know. what i'm saying bro yeah man. all right all right dude. hey i brought i pumped. this thing up huh. all right it's fine. dude it's going to. do well cu people like us. together but uh t all right. new tune in next time. that'll be better and we'll have the same. program that we usually do sorry. about this [ __ ] bump in the road but thanks for coming dude. honestly than welcome buddy. one of your last podcasts. right we getting up there. so uh if you have a question. go to watch lifeline. dot com and get the new merch. lifeline merch dot com. brian did you pass. brian brian brian okay sh. god anyway uh we appre appreciate you and like and subscribe. and leave a comment pump the algorithm. and also who's better me. or brian me hey come on hey guys that's how you do it that's how it's done. hello hello [music] hello hello hello hello. 