 [music] runk all new material. duth minnesota thunderbay ontario lexington kentucky. birmingham alabama montgomery alabama. toronto bismar north dakota sou falls. uh we're doing it all crystalia. dcom it's all new material unless you've seen. me in the past month. uh cuz i just started this. tour straight out of the multiverse. it's all new material go. get tickets chia dot com. people just eating them up. right now and uh go get some merch. and wear it there. crystal dot com uh and i will be introducing now 4002 episode. 4002 of [music] congratulations. conratulations [music] they're eating the dogs. uh they're eating the dogs. and i believe it dude. i think that honestly how trump said that. they're eating dogs i by the way. is he talking about who's he talking. about haitians right i don't even know uh this is how out of the loop. i am but um i i just feel like if i was the pres if i was the president. or if i was running. for president i would immediately find somebody. who did one thing. one time and used that on my platform. and i think think that you can win. that way it doesn't matter. also you could just lie you could lie. or not lie it doesn't matter. every politician lies yes dude everyone has ever lied. ever been in office yes dude. so it's all good talk tua. is a podcast see you um all good. and so i don't know uh what is really uh going. on in the world anymore. you know i just don't i don't know. i don't know i i don't know i don't ever. believe any activism i don't ever believe. any uh movements i don't believe anything. ever because i just think that people are. doing it to. gain power and also gain uh eyeballs. on themselves yes dude and that's it. like even this actor the def pharaoh. w atai how he put the the red uh hand over. his face to to. make the statement the emmys that are that because what is it. the indigenous women are missing or something. it's like dude you just did. that cuz you want it. to look cool with blood on your face. okay and that's what i feel. and it's okay and i'm not saying there. aren't missing indigenous women there. are but hey why don't you just go. on the red carpet and talk. about it all right. and also wipe it off. go look for him um hey wipe it. off go f wipe it. off find them you know it's like just imagine him. just with the red paint and then all right. i'm ready i get it. i get it dude. i know the pictures and all that. that's what's going to. spread the word but you know. it's just like i just i'm i don't even. believe in activism anymore. i don't believe it i don't believe. that people don't have ulterior motives. i don't i don't believe it. there we go great. great i said it. i don't believe it um i uh i i don't know. i think that don't i mean. should we they're eating if they're eating our pets. the dogs and the cats. then ah there's look man. i really feel bad for dogs. and cats if they're getting eaten but like we eat pigs. and stuff you know. we eat we eat all. we eat chickens i know. nobody has chickens as pets. really i mean some people do but it's like you're going. to stop what are you just going. to stop because they're cute. or what you're going. to stop why cuz it tastes. gy i don't know i don't. know if they do or not i never had cat. [music] um oh this video is the funniest i i found this video and i i think honestly i win. because i found this video. i win this is so great. again that figures that's what mad about. has to pe so bad. this is the part that i love. that's why a mag. the guy okay it's a liberal. guy who is now this. is out of we don't know. what happened before this. we don't know we don't know. what happened before this. so this is one. of those videos where a guy. looks bad this this liberal. dude looks like terrible. but we don't know what. happened before this and you never know. what happened before this. but what this looks like is the liberal. guy well no he definitely snapped and lost. his mind here for a little bit and uh let's also stop pretending like there's not. absolutely same people on both sides now uh that's the whole. thing in in politics. it's like when that happens. the other side will use that. single instant to. push their agenda so i don't trust nobody yes so um but this happened. because it's on video. and ai isn't that advanced yet. uh and it's obviously joe koy yeah. you're a mag i'm happy. you're a mag you're a mag. you're man you're touching don't touch. me hey you know dude. it's okay let's just keep going. don't touch me you touch. me walked up to him. bumped his belly into. him and said the guy said don't touch. him he said you don't touch. me get away from me you get away. from me dude when people you get away. from me when people get when they when when the thing happens. it's one of my favorite. things when the thing happens when the switch happens. where you know you went. too far but there's there's no backing. up and you just have to. kind of keep at that. level to prove to. the person that you mean. what you say even. though you know you don't mean. it at this point right. because you know you jumped too. far i'll i'll tell you my favorite part. too about it get away. from me you get away. from me the musical. you're in my personal the movie. musical c the musical you are following me. around you are following me. i will call the police. on you a musical. dude i will call the police. on you guy i will call the police. on you you freak. follow me around some more this's my favorite. part right here he says follow. me around some more now. of course it's annoying. if the guy is following him around. and recording him and and and stuff. like that that's awful. right that's annoying you get it. you know not that this. guy should react like this. period is still a looney tune. but but we get it. we don't know what happened. before before this something must have happened. before this you don't just unless you're an abs. look you can be a crazy. person but you're you're probably not this. crazy for no reason. if you're walking the dog. eating if you're eating the dog. and you're putting it and you're walking. into your apartment complex that. you pay rent at right. you you maybe you're a homeless person. but this person obviously snapped for. some reason who knows he's still an [ __ ] right and it looks like joo so here we go this. is my favorite part though. right here so it's all it's because i'm wearing a maga hat. it's because you're a freak. and you want some action that's my favorite. part dude so because i'm a wear it's because i'm wearing a maga hat. and he starts the sentence. so obviously not knowing where it's ending. and that my friends. is the most mad you can be is starting. a sentence and not knowing where it's going. and it's because you're a freak. and you want some action dude. letting the sentence dictate itself. we love it when someone gets that. mad it's because you're a freak. and you want some action dude. that's so great a musical. got it follow me. around some more i'm going. to the management this morning. no idea what he's going. to say telling him. what the hell is. going on with this. guy musical dude my favorite also my other favorite or the first three seconds. of the video has to. pee so bad look. right make america great again. that figures this is this. is the part that i [laughter]. love he has no idea. what he's saying this is the part. that i love what watching. full metal jacket dude. what is he doing this. is the part that i love. dude about what the day. an argument talking to. someone walking your dog i love. it dude this is the part. that i love also doesn't love it. um absolutely hates it. absolutely abor it and uh wow. just great just a great. great great great uh clip. and and the guy's jo koy so we figured it out. so uh guys [ __ ] nine netflix specials and it's fine so yeah um uh oh you're a m um it's just wonderful i here's what i think guys who go viral. like this or not that. even this guy's going that viral. uh those are the kind of guys. that are should be guests. on these people who have. podcasts that shouldn't have podcasts that's it. people just decide to. have a you if hey i don't like when you can just get a job. by all of a sudden getting equipment and then you're just an entity you're not. pack it up don't hey stop buying podcast equipment okay. so people would just well hey what the [ __ ] do you have to. say oh you're oh so all of a that's my favorite is. that every podcast now is an interview podcast. hey dude who are you talk. who are you talking to. and what are you talking. about i don't you know. what dude i didn't even watch howard stern i didn't listen. to her stern even way. back when the [ __ ] was when when when it was like there were seven interviewers who [ __ ] cares dude and i've done those i've done dak shepard. i've done them all i've done. you know i just and every time. i i do them. too i'm just like who cares. about what i grew up. in new jersey you know. um but yeah so uh anyway i just don't it's just too. many anything where you can bu it's like those. comedians that can just people who who all of a sudden. decide to do comedy. and go to. an open mic and they're like now. i'm a comedian that's basically what's i do. the two things basically be a comedian. and a podcaster i'm the two. things that you can just decide to. be the day of that. you are yay dude. i have it might you know. what i mean i'm doing the most [ __ ] jobs people who have podcasts and then they just keep having 300 listens. for 9 years get up. um sell the equipment um whatever. i don't you know. or don't there has to. be those people i guess i was in uh uh where was i peterboro. ontario and then also uh london ontario. london london dude hey the there's already a a london. okay don't have your place. it's so annoying if you live there. in canada you live in london. where you from when you're not there. where you from london. oh london no no. no london it's like no. you got to do. that every time that sucks. that utterly stinks okay. so um obviously change it. and that's fine but i was in uh peterboro is. i i w you know. god i can't believe sometime. some of these people live in places. like this you know. like what do you just. like i i i i got to. the i got to. the place on thursday night. woke up friday went to. get a coffee i you know. there was just tim. hortons which by the way the tim. horton's cold brew ain't bad dude. it ain't bad it puts star. tim hortons is their starbucks and it i heard that that's the joke. in canada is tim hortons not starbucks. and the joke is starbucks. here but dude tim horton put starbucks. they beat the [ __ ] out of starbucks. dude you want to. wear my sto. you're going to get it. that's that's tim horton to. starbucks and um the cold brew. is good i drank a few of them. and uh but so i went to. go do that at peter in peterboro and then i go. like this i drink a little bit of it. then i got tacos from the place. next door don't have any mexican. food in canada period. don't ever don't have it. it's too far and too white. okay just just america. okay in the south of of america. uh uh the southern states. a lot of it and then in the northern states. you can have a restaurant. or two per capita of however. many people in canada. just don't even allow. it the second you bring a fajita. across the border they go. no no no no no no no no no no hey stay back. it's just they shouldn't it's just gonna be bad. you know hey mexican food. in canada it's gonna be bad. nice to meet you in mexican. food in canada oh you got clamy hands. that's mexican food in canada. so uh i ordered it cuz it was the only place. that i could go to. that looked like i could get something. quick got it the tacos. were fine they were fine. dude they had no business. being a taco place but it was a taco place. got them and it was fine. so i drank the tim. hortons got the tacos not such a killer combo. went back to my hotel. room and go like this. okay i guess i'm gna. sleep all day and i slept. all day dude oh what a loser. and then i did the show. it was great and then i went to. london and it was fine. but it was like man. you know what i was i was in london. ontario i went to. this place this burger spot and i ate there late. at night and some dude. for no actually let me start. let me back the story up. it was a fine. b burger place i don't know what it. was called i was with den denny. and sam my camera guy then denny. love look him up. he's hilarious [music] um and they were playing hey dude do you listen. to do you guys actually you know. i'm you know i'm i'm i'm i'm upset. with kind of society let me. tell you why they all just decide that somebody's corny and then it's like not cool. to like them okay. when's the last time you listened. to creed dude. when i when creed was really really bopping. right like let's look when creed was. really like what was it. 2006 2002 what was it. creed heyday let's just google. what's creed heyday. um when was it like when did that. one come out where the were the were the guys. coming out of the the lake. the the cover of the 99. 999 dude when that when that [ __ ] and down and i'm six feet because you think you im you know what you immediately think of is can you take me [applause] higher. to the place right. and uh we just kind of all. decided that creed was a joke. of itself right and it was mostly due. to scott step's hair back. then but like and his tank. tops right but like everyone was kind of doing that. back then with the hair and tank. top tos all right now for the younger audience that listen to. congratulations cu congratulations is hip all across the board. whatever generation it is. right you listen to. congratulations for the younger audience creed was basically. what is it what they are now. uh uh uh honestly drake kind of you. know like everyone just kind of agreed. drake is corny now even though. they bang oh no. no no you know who they are. the chain smokers chain. smokers are the [ __ ] okay and people just uh nickelback right this they do this with bands drake kind of uh creed they do this with bands that they just decide that one day you know john cougar melan cam do you know what it's not cool to. like him anymore and they still pack it. out they still pack it out. soix a lot they still pack it. out right i wonder what they doing it. in classical music when they did like oh yeah b you listen. to bach you are a mag. um but so so i kind of just like was like whenever i would hear. scott step follows me. on instagram i go like this. oh that's that's funny yeah okay. why is it funny. why because everyone knows creed. as like this band that's like this. silly band dude i'm mad at myself i'm mad at myself and i'm mad at society because i was tricked i was duped by society to. think that creed was cy. dude creed came on while. i was eating a burger. first of all it came on louder. than the song before it. okay and it was that. song it was the song higher. okay and i go damn. i'm eating the burger. and i'm and i and i'm thinking damn. that's just like a true. uh unadulterated damn just in my head. it just flies in my head. like a serious like like my senses. of the burger is good okay. i eat the burger it. basically disrupts my mouth. okay it's good enough. to disrupt my mouth into. a pleasure zone okay it's not the best. burger i've ever had but it's it's it's way. better than fine it's way. better than the tacos in peterboro i'm in london. and i'm eating a burger. all right now higher comes. on and i don't know if it was the burger. and the atmosphere and the music. was louder and what i had my preconceived. notions of creed i'm just hit with a pure. unadultered unadulterated damn right it. hits me it hits my. whiteness whatever you want to. call it and i go we're not talking. we're eating burgers i go. like this yo you know. what this song uh is awesome. huh i say to. denny and uh and sam and den den denny. denzel his name is. he's black of course his name. is denzel but he says uh uh oh your white. is showing and i said yeah. yeah yeah sure it is yeah. this song is [ __ ] awesome and i'm eating. this burger and i'm just listening. to creed and i'm just like hold. me down and i'm sick no. that was the [ __ ] other one can you take so i'm and i'm [ __ ] eating this burger and i'm eating it higher. and higher i'm eating it. higher and higher right. where a blind man. see so [ __ ] trite but it's so so i'm eating it that song. ends dude that song. ends and i'm like [ __ ] yeah dude i'm like i like show denny this. [ __ ] like i'm like i'm letting my whitness show. right after that that other song. comes on that one. that i was singing. uh everyone always thinks of higher. as the one yeah okay. all right but i re but we all. know but we don't we may not all. know but the dark horse. the dark horse though. is that [ __ ] down and [music]. i'm right that's the dark. horse okay and i know. it was a huge hit i. get it i know. it was a huge hit and i get it. but that's what comes on. next and i go wait. a second and i'm eating a burger. i finish my burger while i'm eating. this burger while i'm listen. to this song always wish i could play it and not. get den demonetized but i'm like. this is a great song. and i love creed. period go on to. my instagram immediately follow. scott stap okay because you know. why because that's what he deserves. he deserves that and much. more and i'm pissed off. that society made me think creed. is corny when it's like [ __ ] you society dude i was i fell victim. to to the mob. mentality trap dude creed. is awesome nickelback is awesome. i've always said chainsmokers is awesome. and drake is awesome. and anyone else who says otherwise can eat [ __ ] dicks. dude i'll put a spotify playlist. that just has sir mixalot creed nickelback chain. smokers and drake on it. and i'll bop to. it and i'll invite people over. and they play the whole time. people go you got anything. else and i look at them. and i say nope by. to the burger because dude. it pisses me off. that all of a sudden people decide people are corny. it's [ __ ] and i'm sorry and i'm sorry to. no one i'm sorry to. just like in my head. about what i thought about. creed because i just let society. dictate that when it [ __ ] my sacrifice dude. and it's great hit after hit after. hit after hit after hit and dude. i'll tell you this i went to. the essentials whoopsy daisy i went to. the [ __ ] apple itunes essentials. whoopsy daisy and i played it and i went straight through i didn't shuffle hey he went from 1 to. 18 or whatever it was. and i felt that [ __ ] now let me tell you something dude after i followed scap scap on instagram and that name is just how is it a mouthful and two syllables scott sta who i am. a fan of he cut his hair. and he looks fantastic. by the way i follow. him on instagram i finished my burger. some kid comes up. to me and now i say kid. this was a college town. london ontario is a college. town i didn't know that but it. is okay he's maybe 19. who knows 18 maybe 20. i don't know he's in college. he comes up and he says hey man. i didn't want to. bother you when you were. eating but now that you're done. with your burger can i have a picture. with you and i go of course herit. down and i'm six feet. from the and i'm maybe feet is. not so deep or whatever. the [ __ ] of the song is you know and then the kid walks away down. i'm [music] sex and he says hey turns his head around. and i go yeah is not so far. or whatever the [ __ ] and i say and he says congratulations. on your comeback and i go what and i say oh thanks. he's like yeah you killed. it i said oh thanks. and he says see you turns. around turn it down and i'm six nice. rings and he turns back around. and i'm all good i got a mouthful of burger. and a headful of creed right. i can't let me tell you right. now the guy just gave me a great. compliment congratulations on your comeback. you're killing it hey hey. dude he can't take much. more and by he i mean. me like i'm an outsider. of myself right now because this was already a moment. that was special okay. i had so many realizations dude. the burger was better. than mid creed was i mean. i was living a lie. that creed was corny okay. and this kid comes up. to me and says congratulations. to come back you killed. it while cre is still playing. i'm at my limit dude. and the and then the kid. leaves then he turns back around. and i go woh and he says you deserve it. dude hold me down. and i'm six feet from the and i'm dude. i am crying in this. burger shop because of some 19yearold well dude i am such a scott stap fan now. i followed him on instagram. he deserves it go. follow scott stap on instagram. honestly what's it matter he's so rich. um yeah i really like that. band dude and i'm gonna start listening to. nickelback more too now. i always listen to. chain smoker so [ __ ] you and drake i you know i listen to. um god when you can sing. good that's so dope. huh sometimes look i don't like music. i don't but sometime i just music. is mostly just like turn it. off man can't we just think in peace. right like i'm an old man. but every now and then i do get this. hankering where i was just like dude. i bet i wish i could [ __ ] just pierce through the air. you know just [ __ ] pierce through. it um but i can't i sing fine. i'm 44 i don't sing that. good i sing fine. my mom thinks i sing. good and that's not enough. and i didn't work on it. i worked on comedy. whoopsy daisy and i'm glad i did because i like comedy. um but i don't know taylor swift's. corny right ah she kills it. ah she kills it though. yeah she can't dance but uh she kills it. yeah she dance she looks like a co. hanger but yeah you. know fine okay she kills it right. yeah she when she dances i. don't know if she's dancing or if i dropped a coat. hanger right but her singing. it's fine poppy is [ __ ] she's great. okay i don't care i don't. care you know trump said. i hate taylor swift. uh that's that's wild. it's weird because you're you're really. powerful and you're uh you were a president. and you might be the next president. and you're spewing hate like literally and she's now. her probably like how many people think i guess. kamla harris doesn't have that i don't. know who would have that well. i nobody's no president. has had twitter and used it. unabashedly like like he has because it just hasn't happened. yet it will happen again. right but uh he's just say i hate and then that's got to. how many people immediately think how many people immediately. think after that gotta kill. taylor swift got to. do it got to. do it for him right. definitely people at least think that. so if it doesn't happen. i'll be shocked and yeah i don't know. that's wild uh they make oh dude. you know what they're doing. too much they're doing too. much because i watched i saw unsolved mysteries okay it's on netflix. and it's i i i i i have to. be honest i never really knew what unsolved mystery. was beyond they're not they're mysteries. that haven't been solved yet. right now i love mysteries nobody. doesn't like mysteries everybody always loves thinking. wait a minute that's like the number. one feeling people like right. now especially nowadays with all the the crime. junkie podcast and all that wait a second. hold on something's not people. love to go like this. something's not adding up i think they're in for a bigger. surprise that's what they love. thinking that's why tv was so dope. until they figured out it. was all going to. be true crime [ __ ] and now they're even the tv. they make is all about crime. [ __ ] and so unsolved mysteries they're like wait a minute we were the og [ __ ] let's redo it so they redid it they redid it they made some for netflix so i go all right i never really knew what unsolved mysteries was all about so let's give it a shot didn't know what creed was all about didn't know what al so maybe unsolved mysteries is like this [ __ ] right so i turn on unsolved mysteries and i'm watching unsolved mysteries and what was it about dude it was about uh the one of one of the episodes was about some beast. that uh comes to. like steal people or kill. people uh around certain catastrophic. events or something like i i almost this i almost forgot. okay it was something. like that if if you've seen all that. you know which episode i'm talking about. i think and like i'm like okay. so i'll watch this documentary. and and and i start watching because like they do it. they know how to. do it they interview the people. they play the music. they got the lighting nice you know. they got the voice over. and and and i'm like all right. they're drawing me in. is what they're doing. they're sucking me they're sucking. me off right um so i'm i'm i'm i'm starting. to watch i go like this. okay so all right so the so the so let's go like the beast. right they start interviewing some lady. and she's like i never thought that. you know i would be saying this. but you know i just think that you know. and there's no way. to explain it and then if there's a beast and then it happens. and it just adds and then they knew. and then the it all adds up. to and i go all right. well immediately this lady's crazy. right because you know. why do you know. why because there's no beast. plain and simp right. just like just like there's no bigfoot plain and simp. and look there's no bigfoot so there's definitely no. something that's like bigfoot that's not that's not bigfoot. you know like i if where where is. he everyone's got a cell phone. so at this point where's. bigfoot right so there's definitely not another beast. see what is it what is it. what was it was like a you looking. it up it's unsolved mystery. it's like a [ __ ] i don't know what it was but it was like anyway so i'm like oh this lady's crazy so so then they go to. another lady and she's like they're two ladies. together and they start interviewing them. and they're like so this is what. happened and i can't explain. it and it's and i go like this. oh huh that's crazy. these two ladies have talked it. into each other that's crazy. right so now these three ladies are crazy. then they go to. a guy who is a specialist. right and he's like this. has been happening all you know. where they can't unaccounted for and can't but and he can't. explain and this and that and it's real. unsolved mystery or whatever and i think wellow that. that actually sucks that this. guy's job is not a job right like he's a not a thing historian he's a a nothing historian like he is he is basically he's got a job that isn't a job how are you making money guy. hey you know when they like they'll flash. to like you know they do and ancient. aliens all the time. they're like ancient aliens you. know professor specialist and you're like who's paying this. [ __ ] so it's like it's like hitch. the movie hitch like will. smith plays a a guy who hooks dudes up with their soulmate women and and we just go to. see the movie because will smith. is in it we're like ah yeah. that's not a job it literally might as well be like make lord of the rings elves. don't exist either at least that's more interesting. so uh um i'm watching this. thing and then i'm like and then they cut to. another guy and he's talking about and i'm like and then i'm like all right. this is in my head i'm thinking like this. is i'm watching this. and it's kind of cool. but then immediately i'm hit with hold. on hold on. a second all these people are crazy. all these people are wrong. there is definitely not an entity that's stealing. people in the forest around. major disasters know why cuz cuz we'. know all right it it it isn't happening. it is not happening and you know. it and we all know it. except for crazy people and these crazy. people are on this documentary. so now i'm halfway. through this [ __ ] documentary and i'm like [ __ ] man they interview like 10 crazy people and i say they're crazy because they all believe this right now i'm i realize i'm watching a bunch of [ __ ] morons talk and i'm doing it for 45 minutes and now i'm like hey you know what [ __ ] these people and [ __ ] who made this [ __ ] for wasting my i'm basically watching nothing just because there's a cool announcer good music and nice liting in it and crazy people and they're trying to. drill home a point that there's some. entity out there stealing [ __ ] and then i think about all of these documentaries. how many documentaries interview. crazy people half so now i'm like oh [ __ ] man. i guess i got to. hate documentaries i guess. i got to hate because this is so annoying. dude it's so annoying and to. watch it ironically is okay but still you're still watching it feeding into. it and [ __ ] out there going to. believe this [ __ ] so then i watch it watch the whole thing. turn off and pissed off. watch whole thing they got me. and um then i see on on youtube. this this documentary uh what is it. uh here okay i i cannot. i can't i can't stand. this kind of stuff right. here this is the pinnac it's up. there it's not the pinnacle. but it's up there of i i don't care. in history who was gay. i don't care in history if if you know. harriet tubman scissored a bunch of women. you know hey i don't care. i don't care if jay. edgar hoover i i don't care. i don't care if a tilla the hun i i dude. i don't was just you know. ravaging villages and also having sex with men. i don't i don't care it. it it's i don't even. care a little bit right. it's not interesting to. me most it's like this. oh but there's a documentary. that came out about abraham lincoln being gay. and the fact that how could you how could you care. that much and to. make up you're setting up cameras and [ __ ] you know you got this guy with the microphone. and and and someone talking about you know. some historian that's just like you know. he actually slept in a bed. multiple times with another man. and you know we know. that to just be friends. but it does raise. questions to this is a this. is a person you're you're you're you're listening. to about abraham lincoln and then you got the other you got some people being like no it wasn't how the [ __ ] do you know dude you're going to. go your whole life your whole life. without being gay your whole. life i mean dude. well abraham lincoln probably died too early. honestly he died he got shot in the head. so he probably wasn't gay. he maybe he got to. gay who knows but i'm just saying. if you live 990 90. years old as a man. and you don't even think about like kind of one. time you know that's gay. then that's you know you made 90. years without that i mean. in prison people [ __ ] each other in eight days. so it's like but they made a documentary. uh here here we go. uh new documentary claims abraham lincoln was gay. lover of men it's called. ah you know how about don't call. it that dude the fact that the documentary. on if lincoln is gay. or not is called lover. of men is like hey the guy. freed the slaves hey. dude he's already known. for the best thing you're just going. to make a documentary about how maybe he sucked. a guy off that's so shitty. that's so the guy signed the emancipation. proclamation and you want to. interview people 200 300 years later. to find out if he gave somebody and otphj or whatever. the [ __ ] that's so that is so disrespectful. and i don't and i'm not coming at this. like a whole oh he ain't. gay i won't stand. for it i don't dude. hey maybe he porked a dude. maybe four score and seven. years ago he sucked. a man off you know what i'm saying. it's so disrespectful to. talk about the dude. to make a d and i'm sure it's a g. it's i don't even know. maybe it's a gay. activist a gay documentarian. that's like this is going. to bring you know awareness. to gays that gays were i don't dude. he freed hey he freed. all of black people he was assassinated. it's insane dude it's absolutely insane. and people will watch it. i guess i'm i'm going. to watch it i'm going. to watch it my teeth. are going to. be shorter after i watch it. because i'm going to. be so grinding them all right we just got this is funny wow i mean you know what's funny is i i went to. bat for this woman who did it. at who did this uh uh it. was something about the lakers and she said that. she it sounded like she said the nword. she didn't i was saying on on this. podcast i was like dude. she didn't do that you you. got be a [ __ ] you know you're not you're not you don't do that. right and uh and everyone was just you know. killing her online and she was. sweet she wrote she wrote to. me afterwards and this one is way. worse rich lowry i i still. here here that's hilarious. too it's on um what's her. name megan kelly. sayes by drawing attention to. what's happening on the ground. it's just right as this blind. goes online you don't hate the med. enough go ahead you remember alternative. facts with kellyanne they did the same. thing she wasn't saying you you make up. fictions and pretend they're facts. you you bring other facts. to bear in the debate. that are being ignored. and that's what he was saying. and i loved i think it. was in in that interview where dana. bash says you know the police have gone through 11 months of recordings of calls and they've only found two springfield residents calling to. complain about haitian mig migrants taking geese. from ponds only two calls and i think one. lesson of this whole story people don't. care about geese. people really hate wow. congratulations on him for just plowing. right through it dude. his face didn't tick even like he just he proba even know i love the comments. that are just like when they hide it. it still comes out that's my like dude. he he obviously slipped. up and didn't mean you what i don't. understand is these people so all right. there's people who think okay. he said it he meant. to say it and that's crazy. right there nobody would mean. to say it on national. tv you know your life's. over after that okay number two there. are people who think think oh he says it. all the time and that's why. it rolled off his tongue. so easily and that's what dude. there's zero evidence of that. this guy is just a guy. that almost said like what were the two. words he was going. to say immigrant and here let's go. back here and what by drawing. attention to what's happening. on the ground it's just right. as this line goes. enough go ahead you remember alternative. facts with kellyan they did the same. thing the lead up is incredible. make up fictions how long it is you bring other you what's to. happ are being ignored. and that's what he was saying. and i loved i think it. was in in that interview where dana. bash says you the police have gone. through 11 months of recordings of calls. and they've only found two springfield. residents calling to complain about haitian mig migrants migrants he was trying. to say dude and he just said instead. of mig he said mig and then stopped and then uh plot right. to i don't even know if he meant. if he knew he did it. um wow but that's really kind of what. are people saying andy mccarthy. who i i don't know. who anybody is in politics. he said ridiculous rich. lowry not tagged here. obviously got crossed up between. oh immigrants short eye look at this guy trying to. do the english lesson. and migrants long eye. started mispronouncing migrants with short. eye look this guy with the an english. teacher instantly corrected himself. with no embarrassment because it was patently. a mispronunciation jes yes that. is what happened i think 100%. um and look at this. guy this other guy. mike nellis wow rich. lowry called haitian migrants the nword. at the 42 second mark here while defending. trump and vance making up. the story about springfield ohio. listen for yourself it's people. who just want to. be outraged look at look. at this look at this. oh wow this is cal. bell now you know exactly. what you did you misspoke. you didn't mispronounce we just got a window. into who you really are because since when does it's so h. how could you say this. when you don't know you don't know. what's going on in the guy's head. god that sucks a slip of a tongue. look at it having a hard. time coming out coming to. any conclusion like i just misspoke. does that mean i'm gay. cuz i said coming out. that means i suck. a lot of i suck. guys that means i suck. guys i just misspoke. oh chris a he sucks. guys having a hard time. coming to any conclusion besides the obvious. one about what rich. lowry catches himself bluring. out here i don't know. man you know a lot. of times the guys the guys probably not even. thinking about it you know. who he is though sometimes. black people are waiting for that [ __ ] like oh i remember i turned on a a uh uh uh uh an instagram and it and it first thing that happened was it whoever the thing was it blurred out the nword dude there was a black dude next to. me and he looks over. first first of all dude. you know like you know that. it's just you can look at anything. on your phone and and and it's not even. like you could argue that my algorithm. is only dude saying n word you know like just i'm so racist. and then did black dude. said he looked at me. he said you all right. over there dude and i was like bro. it's instagram i don't watch this. [ __ ] and uh you know he was obviously well not obviously but he was just being silly but dude if i was somebody who got like all choked up with [ __ ] like that that would have like you know god yeah yeah that's me i was recording videos on my phone and that's me like what what do you you know because some people would be like oh so it's your phone dude it's just like everybody's everybody's not racist all the time you know people don't actually people don't actually think about it that much you know like sometimes people are just hanging out and and i know there's a lot of racism in the world and i know you get uh uh uh uh uh the short end of the stick a lot of the times but this just isn't one of those moments right wi chris and i don't even mean to. be that way i don't even. mean to be that way. two right wings but it's just people. aren't here's the here's the truth. here's the truth and not this. doesn't have to. do with racism doesn't have to. do with it has to. do with all of it. everything everything people think their their world. is over because this happened. that happened people are not thinking of you. you you aren't on their radar you know. it's just i i mean it's just so weird. man is that funny you almost say it. and then it could cause this. uproar what about thinking. it pretty soon there's going to. be a thing we could read people's minds. and you're thinking the nword and people. are people with intrusive thoughts. are just going to. you know people intrusive thoughts. be canceled every other day. every three hours dude. my intrusive thoughts are crazy hey they're crazy hey i think about stabbing a guy at sweet. greens you know just for no. what if i stabbed him. and then how sad. would his family be oh um i'll have the uh the miso. salmon that's me at sweet. greens ooh the i love the seasonal bowls. let me yeah what if i stab them. it's whole family be so sad. st him like up. in his neck like this. and it was glocking out glocking was all. red uh oh what's that yeah. no let me get the miso. salmon please thank you let me. get the the harvest beef. bowl thank you i love the seasonal dishes. and that's what i'm thinking. is ending this guy's family. and his life ordering. a harvest beef bowl like it. doesn't mean i'm a serial killer. and you have these thoughts too you [ __ ] yeah mine are worse cuz i have ocd and mine are more. often because i have ocd but you have them. too what if i just pissed. on this guy's lemonade what if i just walked up. pissed on his lemonade what if i just walked up. pissed right in his [ __ ] chipotle bowl what if i just did that it'd be so weird my dick. limp and just pissing in it. and then i you know. i go get in line. it's just normal [ __ ] um anyway all right. well that's good chris dot com. i'll be in uh d duth is it. called soon on on uh and then uh thunderbay. lexington a bunch of alabama. and um toronto and uh what's the other one. go to chris dot com. sou falls i don't know. brea california 2o is coming. up here so go to. chris dot com thank you very. much uh that's it for the youtube. show if you want to. get the rest of the show. to unedited the extra go to. our patreon patreon dot com. christalia and that also will get you that. will unlock the episode the extra episode. we do each month. and there's a lot of them. back there so go it's just six bucks. plus you help support the show. you keep the show going. patreon dot com thank you [music]. 