 did i talk about my mri. yet here no i did. my mri and this is just like one of those [ __ ] honestly doing the mri was a was an eye openening experience for me i did from my shoulder. the doctor goes okay so you're going. to be in there putting these headphones. uh it's loud i said how long do i have to. be in there for he said 15. minutes i say all right. i lay on the thing. an mri is something that checks you know takes a bunch of imaging of your body. so i get put into. this mri machine whatever it's a million. dollars i looked it up. it's a milliondollar machine i'm in a tube i i it's so tight the mri is so tight around my body that my hands are at my my side i couldn't i don't think i could bring them up like this that's how tight it is and i'm okay with enclosed spaces but i'm like when you go in i'm like should i close my eyes or open my eyes i'm close my eyes cuz so i it's just better. i won't even really know. where how close it. is so of course i close. my eyes get in soon. as i get in open. my eyes because i can't help. it open my eyes and then i see how like i can almost to. the top of it. go and kiss it and my hands are there. and i got the secret pump to. put to squeeze if i need the emergency to. get out um and i'm like all right. i'm really good at time. i'm really good at counting. time i'm really good at like knowing how many minutes. or how however many minutes because it's all. i do when i'm on stage. i'm like all right this. if i want me to. do 10 minutes set i can do. 10 minutes set you want. me to do 20. minutes set i do 20. minutes set i can do. an hour if i want to. do an hour i do an hour. and i'm like i'm really close. to 59 minutes you know. so i'm like i know what 10. minutes is i know what 15. minutes is i'm going. to be able to. count it out you know i'll lose. my place counting but i'll still be able. to do it so i'm in there. and i'm like wow good thing. i'm not you know one. minute passes and i'm like good. thing i'm not the kind of guy. who comes here into. an mri good thing i'm not the kind of guy. that is that gets [ __ ] fed up. in enclosed spaces good thing. i can do this and then i think immediately after what. if i wasn't and then i say that. would be crazy i probably feel really. stressed out you'd have to. take a pill these. are all the things i'm thinking you take a pill. you take a xanax. or an alprazolam and they come in and they'll. be fine but i didn't take one. but that's okay because i'm not one. of those guys and then now i'm thinking okay. and i go i mean it. is pretty close the ceiling is pretty. close i can't move my arms. that is weird and then you get an itch. i got an itch right. here and i go well. i can't itch that that's fine. if that's the only thing that happens. in the next now i'm thinking at about. nine things okay and i know nothing's going to. happen but my heart starts. beating a little faster than normal. and i'm like okay so this. is how an anxiety. attack happens this is what happens. when people are claustrophobic good thing. i'm not hearts beg to. differ so i'm like well it's good. just relax cuz you know. nothing's wrong so it's okay. you know nothing's wrong. so it's okay so i had to. keep reminding myself nothing is wrong. it's okay and then my heart would beat back. to normal and then i would just you know. the mri is just it's so loud and i counted about 10. minutes you know i didn't count. it but i felt 10. minutes and then i got pulled. out and i said oh you sure that was 15. he said yeah something like 15. i was i felt more. like 10 he said yeah. it's 15 so whatever unless he was. lying but i'm like everything is in your mind. and that is so insane. because you can go into. the same space i was just in. and either wig out or just do smooth. sailing and nothing is different. nothing is different it's like way. back when uh this is mindblowing. but when bill clinton uh uh had sex with the oval. office monica lewinsky thing. 30 years ago and everyone was like wow bill. clinton did that and he didn't get uh and he still well. can't believe bill clinton did. that but he still got to. be president and then also everyone was like shaming. monica lunsky calling her like a [ __ ] and a [ __ ] and how everybody in public. opinion was like she sucks. she's terrible she wanted to. commit suicide because of it and then 30 years later now. she's got a book. like this is called something like what bill. did and like everyone's like [ __ ] bill. clinton for doing that monica lewinsky you're a hero. and straight up no new info. came out the only thing. that changed is time and opinion. that's insane that's insane nothing. has changed nothing has changed nothing different. has happened it's all in your [ __ ] sucking mind. dude you go in an mri. it's in your mind you go. to the you get your your dick. sucked by the oval office. lady in your mind doesn't matter you. go to uh travis scott's michael rubin's. party whether you have fun. or not it's all in your mind. so you might as well just have [ __ ] fun dude. don't have a sour. puss [music] 