 foreign [music] hey guys what's up. welcome to this show. congratulations [music] i have a special announcement. i have a special announcement. for all of you that want. to come sit in the tall. grass april 1st in minneapolis. crystalia dot com i will be filming. my fifth special i will be doing it. in minneapolis uh my next. special is announced and that. is when i will be doing it. april 1st the first show. is already sold out. the second show uh there are tickets. left and they will sell out this. is my special that i am shooting um and that is what's happening. so there's my special announcement. i will also be in uh austin. yeah uh uh no uh november. i mean not even. close to november. uh march 25th and i will. be in uh different places. kansas city and tulsa uh springfield. so go to chrisley dot com. and check it out uh where i will. be uh on the don't push me tour. i gotta say man. it's been really really great. chicago was awesome new york. was awesome i'll be in midland. texas i always forget that. one because what is it. um it's from where it's where woody. harrelson was born um columbus ohio. cincinnati woody harrelson was born. in midland texas the only reason. why i know that is because my wife. was watching a documentary. about serial killers and the guy. on it sounded like [ __ ] what's his name uh woody. harrelson so just like um and he was from. south carolina and i thought i bet. woody harrelson is from south. carolina because it sounds just like him. i looked up where videos. from midland texas dead wrong. um but it's all good. the south is the south and although it's not all. the same you got that. draw you know what i mean. and that's me boy. ding that's me boy. um and uh i am very excited to. be shooting my special i want. to do it uh i i you know. it's it's it's tricky because i'm gonna do it. now and then i guess i'll probably release it. a few months after that. i already have tour. dates lined up for the fall. of this year they're not. out yet not sure when i'm gonna be releasing them. or uh announcing them but uh i will be the don't push me. tour but i don't know when i'm gonna release this. especially when i release a special. i want the don't push me tour. to be kind of not over. but i want to. have new materials. so i got to. incorporate some new material. on the dopest resort so we'll see what. it is dude but um you know the link. below is where you get tickets. to this special uh where are the special. taping i was in new york. i was in rhode island. first of all played the vets which was awesome. uh haven't been to. rhode island before don't know why. it's not memorable but boy. was it this time. um and uh yeah so i was in rhode island. and it was very fun. then i went to. new york starts where i actually started spreading the news. and dude it was so cute. because i was taking i took calvin and my wife and calvin kept on saying. we're going to new york. to visit pop pop and we went to. popup is what he calls grandpa. you know my my dad and uh so he we went to. new york and we saw pop. and it was absolutely beautiful. because february 18th. was my show in new york. and february 18th was. my my uh son's birthday. he turned three and february 18th. my dad came to. the show and it was very sweet. every time i'd look my dad. is the most sentimental person in the world. so like honestly he cr i mean he he just it's where i get my sentiment. from my babies it's working. my sentiment from but uh and uh my sentimentality i guess. is what we call it. not my sentiment i don't know i'm dumb. but um but he is basically the most sentimental. person in the world and he um came to. the show did 20. people in my family come. to the show as well. yes did they all ask for tickets. yes is that thousand dollars. out of my pocket. yes is it okay no but did we do it. anyway yes why because if i did my dad. would be mad and i'm italian. you know dude my dad is so my dad. will be like you drove by you. drove by la canada and and you didn't say. hi to your mother. and i'm just like dad i was on the two. freeway you know you didn't exit. you didn't exit hillard and drive up. and visit your mom for an hour. and a half your mother's pissed. well why isn't she calling me. i gotta you know if my mom's pissed. the way i know my mom's pissed. is if my dad calls me. that's how i know if my mom's pissed. i know if my dad's pissed. my dad's calls me. if my mom's pissed my dad. calls me now that's the italian. way that's the new jersey. way and you know so that's what we do. so you didn't you didn't uh you didn't visit your mother. no no i didn't but i were you were you. on a 210. at all yeah you didn't visit your mother. well but i was in the 210. it was really far i was in pasadena. that's not an excuse that's 12. minutes away but then if i drive 12 minutes i drive towards back then it's 24. minutes i stay there. for an hour it's like oh you don't love. your mother she birthed you my dad. doesn't sound like that but it's still funny. to make him sound like that. and so uh my dad's so sentimental. that uh i believed in santa. claus for way way too late and that was part. of me being like [ __ ] this [ __ ] i'm gonna believe in santa. claus as much as i want to. dude kids in the school. were telling me you know. he's not real and i was like nah. he's real i don't care i don't. even care if he's not real. i do i'm talking well into. like i mean 13. yeah you figure out. there's no santa when you're six bro. i was 13 like maybe not the 12. reindeers but someone's santa he probably has a reindeer or two. they don't fly i get it. but you know what i mean. like like i was living in my uh like if santa. like if like like uh christopher nolan directed a santa. claus movie where it's like well the reindeers don't fly but he is. a real person he's got guns. um we don't live in the north. pole lives in alaska you know uh so so yeah and then my mom said to. me uh when i was 11. you know there's no there's no santa. claus right i mean let's i mean. there there maybe is a santa. claus but mom and dad are the ones that put the president. under the tree and i remember i was at my desk in new jersey. and i was doing my homework and i was yeah. yeah yeah yeah i know. and i just knew the next time. i talked to my mom. that she got in trouble. for my dad because my dad was like you're gonna you're gonna tell him. there's no santa claus like he's only 11. like i was so old at that. point i had armpit hair and um then the next uh christmas. we're in la i must have been 12. or 13. i can't remember and uh when when when i knew there. was no santa claus and then by the way. if you're sorry for spoiling it. but if you're in the cult. here you know that for sure. there's no santa claus because you got to. be old enough to. get in the cult right. so and we got to. sit in the high your tall. grass we're gonna start. christmas but ah oh my son's crying. here is he all right. he's all right um maybe my wife. just told him there's no santa. so uh so the next christmas. i went down and there were things. in the down under the tree. that i wanted that i didn't necessarily say i wanted. and my dad's like hey look and i said yeah. he said look at that. there santa brought that did. you want that i said yeah. he said did you let santa. know did you tell anybody that. you wanted that i said no. he said oh so there. must be a santa. huh and he's like trying. to backtrack i'm like the damage. is already done you can't. you know the the milk. spilled already you can't put it back. in the bottle so um anyway uh uh my dad. sentimental is [ __ ] so i here's how sentimental my dad. is he goes to. my grandfather had ah dude. my grandfather had a news. stand on 33rd and 7th. and in new york and that's how we made his money. they were growing up they were poor. you know speaking of christmas. one christmas they had had gifts. and they had to. return on the next day. really sad but um so the uh we went to. uh so my dad every time. he's in new york. he goes to 33rd and seventh to. feel his debt which is absolutely. [ __ ] adorable dude my dad's cute. as [ __ ] man what do you think i get it from so he does that and one time there was a billboard of me while he was standing there uh where his newsstand used to. be and my dad just water. works what a moment right. what a moment it's great. cool i don't remember what the billboard. was for you is there. for a dumb show i was. on or when i was a model. for hugo boss but um just like this. aqua di giorgio just like this. coming out of a pool. like this um just cascade just water. just cascading over the and so um so uh i i know. he does that and i was texting. him this time he was in new york. he was there and i had my shows. at the beacon theater. two of them he came to. see someone but not for too. long because he stand. up at the end and so um i did. the show it's calvin's birthday. at the end i said to. my dad hey calvin i think wants to. come out on the stage. with you do you want. to do that he said of course. i'll do anything calvin wants didn't even. ask kevin about it just know my dad. would do it if kevin would want to. do it i did what hollywood. asians do i was like yeah. he he he wants to. do it so you should want. to do it they go. all right and all of a sudden you you got [ __ ] mark wahlberg and jeremy renner in a project. where they both thought they wanted. to do it but really it. was they would only do it. if each other did it and there was no. checking involved and now they both. said yes because they thought and now you got a blockbuster. hit right so um so i get uh so i'm on stage. i said good night everybody. and then it come they come. out with balloons my dad. brought the balloons with calvin. because his birthday and it was so sweet. i'm hugging my dad and i'm holding calvin and then um and then you know. i say i i we leave and i don't know. i on the stage i'm like yeah my this. is crazy it's three generations of delia. and my grandfather's not with us. anymore but it's all on the tour. report that i put up. on my channel but um but i was like uh you um my grandfather. would think this is a trip. you know i used to. sell newspapers whatever. i'd say all that stuff then the next day. i go and i get i know i meet my dad. for dinner the next day. so i go get a tattoo at this. place bang bang in new york. city and uh it's the the you can see. it right here but the street. sign west 33rd and 7th. and 7th avenue dude. not only am i sentimental i'm shoot. as [ __ ] isn't that sweet so now i'm yet. it up i'm crazy at it. up and yeah it's you know. it's absolutely sexy but also it's very sentimental. right yeah yeah yeah i gotta pass. out towels because you know i'm like like dude. you think i got more tattoos but you don't even. know about i got some that are half. done i haven't even exposed to. you yet so yeah i'm gonna have to. get a bunch of i gotta get ikea. bags of towels i gotta dull them. out because women are going to. be falling down breaking their [ __ ] necks when you see the kid. you add it up. like this right okay sorry. i need to get insurance. and towels okay so there's that but also oh he gets ones. that mean stuff so i showed it. to my dad at dinner. and he teared up dude. my dad's so sentimental. and that's where i get it. from man so sentimental that's it. once i let the walls down. and did too much. therapy now he cries a lot. too yeah his brother. talked about him i bet. he never talks about his feelings. yeah and he said yeah. you're right but then one who said because they particularly. knows this right yeah yeah and then my brother. decided the only time i ever had a real conversation. with my mom was after two. and a half years ago. in all chef and yeah and i thought i did. but i really didn't but that's me. being delusional and compartmentalizing yeah okay but it's all good dude. so now he gets tattoos that means something that's why. i said grow or die. you know what i mean. um so yeah we did. that and we did the uh the new york. show then we went to. we stayed in new york. city and my my [ __ ] do it first of all it was so cool seeing kevin walk around the city. like city boy dude. it was so cute. man i'm not gonna talk about my son. the whole time look i get it. i'm a first time dad and sometimes. people are like bro. does this guy like he's got a kid. so what dude how about this. my heart explodes for him. so i'm not going to. talk about it too much. but it's just you know. my family and just the warmth and the you know the niceness. and dude [ __ ] you for being shitty about what i love. how about that don't listen. dude as a matter of fact. i want to. whittle down my fans and to. really really drive home the point. that if you're listening to. this podcast or watching this. podcast you're a hardcore [ __ ] dude i don't want passive listeners like huh. i want [ __ ] that are sitting indian. style on the grass helping. to build this log cabin. so anyway dude i digress. but uh uh yeah did the chicago. theater i guess i'm going. back to the chicago. theater later on this. year because it was just so freaking great. so what do we talk. about dude that was just me catching. up to catching you guys. up to what's been going. on in my life because dude. i haven't been doing the podcast. for 10 10 days i was in new york. city do it and i went to. get a car by the way. this coffee shop. is really good i forget. what it's called um but i went in to. get the coffee shop. to get the coffee. to get my four shots over. ice first of all i need to. get four stars over the ice. winning with danny love the guy. who opens for me comedian. he's really great um and he was like they he asked. them for for he was like dude. he wants coffee he doesn't know. coffee but he's like i'm trying. to get into coffee. and he'll go and he'll get like the [ __ ] red frilly drink like the strawberry. supreme or whatever but like the coffee. version i'm so not not. strawberry but like the vanilla [ __ ] and also mocha. ends with syrup in it. and also pancakes coffee the latte. right and he'll be drinking. it'll be like he'll be drinking. it and there's like a like there's literally like like a cinnamon. stick coming out of it. and some plants and dominoes. you know like just so like just full of [ __ ] and he'll drink. it and be like i'm not and so every time. i see it i'm always like oh dude. you're meeting up with a chick. i go like that and we have a laugh. you know i say oh dude. who's the girl you're meeting up. with like you know what i mean. so uh so we go in there. and he's like could i get it. with vanilla and they were like we don't have. flavor dude just straight up the coffee. shop that just goes like this. we don't have flavor. like the most [ __ ] my when when i say it's my dream. to open up a shop. where you that where you taste. stuff and then you got the balls. to be like we don't have. flavor is the most unbelievable. [ __ ] that's so gangster oh you came here for taste and stuff. great this is gonna be overpriced. by the way don't ask for flavor. cause we got none so then i get my four. shots over ice but i go. like this now this is this. is how hardcore of a coffee. drinker i am we're at a hardcore. coffee place so hardcore. doesn't have flavor i asked for four. shots over ice and the lady. says you want one. shot and i say no no. no and she says do you want. two double i said no no four. and she says do you wanna. die that's dude she says you want to. die and now i'm realizing. when i say that she said. that because of how strong. their coffee is because they were like a hardcore. place with no flavor and i drank it was very strong now that i think about it. but yeah i drank that [ __ ] still alive but bro it was so funny man you wanna die. the best place i've ever been to. i can't even remember what. it's called i'll flash. it on the screen because i'll remember later. and i'll have uh i even get rid of put it up. there congratulations for that um but yeah i got this. new tattoo and it's [ __ ] cool. man it's appealing right. now i went to. this place in chicago called. elski it's a restaurant and we went because it's a michelin star restaurant. and i didn't know about this. but like there's like how many people how many places. in america that have like a threestar michelin like not that. many and then there's two and then there's one and like a city. like chicago has like 31 stars. like it's not many you know. maybe not even 30 maybe like 20. and krista. was like let's go to. this place so i was like all right. cool so we go the the [ __ ] like the absolute balls that you talk about like hardcore copy the blows. these place these places have honestly. every one or two star. at least two or or three. star restaurants michelin star restaurants. should only legally be able. to be called balls. they should be called balls. restaurant or my big balls. my big bald cafe because this [ __ ] first of all they'll do eight courses. so my balls are big that's basically what. they're saying he's like ah a course dude. here's how many courses a meal should be one all right. and you might be like what about. appetizer no you know what appetizer. for to wet the appetite for the real meal. nope just give me the real. meal at best maybe dessert. so maybe two but one okay appetizer. nope bring it with the meal. on the same plate. make it one okay. so we go to. this place that has like 11 courses. and i'm like well these courses are probably small so let me add you could either get the set. menu which is go honestly. blow yourself i get it. i get it a chef. is a an artist. and yeah yeah no substitutions and i get it. but also name your place. balls cafe okay so so the first uh uh uh what do. you call it uh of course is is too. little [ __ ] ass blocks like i'm talking that big of go like it's like goat cheese and egg yolk. and like a crepey kind of. thing on it and i i i i actually you know. what you know what it. is you know what they brought out. first i i don't know cause it's balls. cafe i mean you got the chef. in there sitting on them. like like it's like at the toy store. when they're bouncing on. the [ __ ] thing you know what i'm talking about with the handle. and it look just he's like randy marsh wagging. in his balls hey what what hey. everybody did the lamb come in. did the rabbit ears come in hey uh chef. balls so so the and by the way two little [ __ ] ass things. and dude they got a plate. this big the two [ __ ] ass block things are on the side of the plate. dude like hey you missed. they act like dude like well yo no go. negative sp take your negatives. you know what else there's negative. spec up your ass dude hey dude you missed. the place first i guess guess how quickly i ate the first course 0.001 seconds. dude and kristen's laughing. she's like man you don't do. mindful eatings which is something that i did in rehab but then dude people were like you got to. do mindful eating you got to. really taste the food. i don't know why this. is part of the plan rehab. but like you know don't just eat the food. so much product because we're an addict. and a lot of food. addicts there probably don't look over. eaters you know and don't forget. you know you gotta really taste. the food and put the fork. down and think about it. and taste the food. and i'm like dude mindful eating. [ __ ] all this and people were trying to. do the mindful eating and i i did it. but i learned how to. do it real well so i just [ __ ] did it really quickly. i'm mindful eat it real. quick crazy crazy hey guys i want. to talk to. you about mood and listen. whether you're new to. cannabis or an old pro. there's no denying that. many of the products on the market. seem iffy honestly at best and when you want. to relax if fee is the last thing. you want to. feel okay uh mood puts an end. to guessing games it's a hundred percent. federally legal delta 8 and delta. 9 thc you can. have shipped straight to. you no doctors no waiting all right. just affordable legal thc um i gave it to. my brother and uh one fire. and one fire swears by. it he said it helps. with his stress and uh keeps him. calm and he actually sleeps easier. i just think that this. is a a great product. because one thing's for sure. one fire ain't lion uh. it's a really neat. way to shop. for thc you shop by mood. like focus euphoric or creative. uh and um it's priced great. and uh one far use the euphoric. gummies and fruity crispy treats. and the thc moon rocks. mood offers federally legal forms of thc extracted from hemp. plants look man great. tasting gummies classic flower convenient prerolls and so much more um so if you like thc mood has you covered great. for both beginner and veteran users. by the way ready for a good time. without the guesswork order your thc. products from mood today and for 20. off your first order and free. gummies go to hellomood dot com. and use promo code. congrats that's specific to. my listeners so that's 20. off your first order that is hello. mood dot com promo code. congrats for 20 off your order and free gummies crazy. [music] so anyway the second course comes. man what the [ __ ] was it dude. i took pictures of all of them. actually i'm gonna i got i took pictures of all. of them um i took pictures of all. of them and i'm gonna go get them. and you're gonna wait here while i scroll. through it because dude. i'm gonna describe these pictures. and i'm actually going to. put them on the thing. i'm going to have ivan. get rid of put them on the thing. um i don't know when this. was let's see so i'm going. to be really respectful. and just scroll through my phone. as you guys are listening. and you guys are going to. stay here okay because you're about it. because you're about it. because honestly about it now i was just looking. through videos so that pisses me. off i was looking at the videos. uh because i i was not even. looking through pictures now that. makes me really mad but you know. what you stayed anyway. do you know why you bout. it okay here it is. found it it was way. quicker which isn't from the videos. first all right um so that was the thing. two [ __ ] ass so here's what the thing oh yeah oh two [ __ ] ass things and then two more [ __ ] ass things on the side of it on a different plate that we're center in the center of the thing this is me being this is me right in the menu so first course two [ __ ] ass things on the side of the plate in parentheses sorry we missed. the plate and also two [ __ ] ass. things that tasted like donuts but were really small. and should have been for dessert. and also a drink that. we pretend is a meal. and it has i don't even know. what was in it. a tastes smokey as [ __ ] all right. so that was the first meal. second meal was they bring it's a bowl. and the guy's like so it's in bro. and then you know they'll do the whole thing. where they explain it. they're just like so here we have and i'm already. done with the course by the time. it gets to the word. half so here we have um so they're dumplings they're the chef's. uh take anytime a chef. does a take you know. it's not the thing so it's the chef's. take on a dumpling. and i'm looking no dumpling. there's pork inside it. didn't taste the pork flaps the little like flap over. it like little beads of pork and in broth i guess. but it was more like froth and they were like literally i asked. the guy do you eat it. with a fork or a spoon. he's gonna eat it. with the spoon and i tried it. with the spoon and then it would have been working i took it. with the fork because dude. they tricked me there's. no real broth so it was like pork. dumplings that weren't pork dumplings so that. was the second meal and the third. meal the third course was. oh yeah um sable fish. with chamomile flakes and shrimp under it. now that was banging look. by the way it was all very good i'm not all very good but also more okay. i also because the the the the the what do you call. the courses we're gonna be little i knew to. order more so i also ordered the halibut and also they're called nudies which is like gnocchi didn't know what it. was but it tasted it was. so banging the nudie and the whatever. dude i'm a food. critic but this is that place. else you was great. so then we got to. have didn't like the chamomile in it. in the [ __ ] you know then got the halibut and the nudie and boy those were tens. man just tens god. the hell a bit in the in the nudity. and then dude then it was the only course i did not like liver. pate and like dude they they brought it in the shape. of a pie and it's like i thought it. was dessert and i ate it dude. and i just not a liver. fan duck liver okay. you know it's like and it was in the shape. of a pie ada i said. where's the utensils they say you eat it with your hands i ate all my hands it was cold it was disgusting not a fan of liver and then it was duck breast or some [ __ ] a duck it was all right and then dude they gave us two charcoal pieces to. cleanse the palate before dessert. and then i ate it and i pretended like it was dessert. to kristen and she i was like man. that's a crazy dessert. and she didn't listen because she doesn't listen. a lot sometimes and then she was like i was like yeah that was good. and she's like oh that's interesting. and i was like ah your jokes. on you it was just a palette cleanser. then the real dessert came. and it was ice. cream and it was good. you know but like dude. these places man oh and the bill. was 550. [music] oh so all good but um just absolutely absolutely [ __ ] crazy. absolutely crazy i have to. do this but a good place. dude when you go to. how about this man. people always talk about new york. his hot take new york. i haven't been in new york. since before the pandemic. don't like 80 of the restaurants. now close at like midnight it. used to be 24. hours you got to. like travel far if you want to. get some at 1am or 2. a.m it sucks all right. now i'm mr new york. now i believe new york. right now my soul rests easy in new york. right like when i'm in l.a a piece. of me is missing and it's a piece. of you know it's my my soul is in new york. right and we all know. that i am new york. so so i you can't get food. late at night unless you go far. right unless you live next to. one of these spots. now people are in the comments. crying you you did you should. have went they should have went to. this or that or the stardust. diner whatever the [ __ ] you know all right so how about this living in new york. i cannot imagine living in new york. your whole life that would suck. donkey balls now here's that's the hot. take the hot take and here's why. people say la in traffic. is the worst thing in the world. dude at least in la. you have to. drive to get to. the traffic okay in la you're at least. at your house and then you drive. a few blocks and then you go ah [ __ ] this la traffic in new york. you walk out your door. and there's traffic already by the way. on the sidewalk you get your oh. oh and you get to. the car baby you're sitting got. this guy pulling out god. damn [ __ ] [ __ ] god [ __ ] ass [ __ ] god damn [ __ ] someone hits the roof and the other guy hey they don't care no one cares let me get shot you know it's so annoying. dude the traffic in new york. [ __ ] sucks this is what you say you're gonna be like yo um so uh how far away. is it and they this. is always the answer in new york. it's only like six blocks but it. takes 25 minutes really because of traffic yeah and also you got to. turn around and do the [ __ ] thing and it's a oneway street oh dude. blow me new york it's not. it anymore you know. what's it brooklyn but then you go. to brooklyn you see all. the people with the twisty mustaches you. go wipe my [ __ ] dude. get out of here man. no so there's no place. to live it's either hipster city or traffic central. and that sucks what about. the regular day killer i want. to be regular regular you can't. new york city dude so that's what's up. man so that's what's up. and that sucks so la you know. i look i get it. la's well it's uh you know i guess i want to. say la was great the pandemic. ruined everything man. which is why i want to. you know we're building a house. now outside of the [ __ ] la because i want some regular daggler dude. the traffic in new york. is way worse now dude. pretty soon new york's just going. to be a place. where you go to. they're oh it's going to. be everything in new york. is gonna be a either a hotel. or a dwayne reed and maybe like there'll be some pizza shops but it'll everything. will be a chain like nobody no who the [ __ ] lives in new york. anymore you're just [ __ ] dwayne read after dwayne reed starbucks. after dwayne reed and then like you can go see aladdin. and the lion king i get it. dude it's you know and there's still those. die hard yeah but nah you just don't know. where to go uh well. how about how five years. ago you just stepped outside. and everything was a [ __ ] party five years. ago you could stay at 33rd. and [ __ ] and walk out and still have a great. time [ __ ] beard is on there and now dude everything is a duane read. it just sucks um so yeah. i don't know how about this. [ __ ] [ __ ] tiger woods this is great first of all love it tiger woods women's. group rips tampon gag misogynistic. tone deaf salaries this. even [ __ ] news i mean it's not news but it's news. you know i mean it's not news. but and uh so he this is so funny. he did this by the way. now i'm a huge tiger woods. fan i don't care about. golf but this guy tiger woods. is being called out by a woman's. empowerment group for his. tampon prank at a pga. tour event saying how dare he especially with a daughter. at home the ceo of women's. global empowerment fund tells tmz tiger stand. upon a moment was not only misogynistic but also tone deaf and straight. up disrespectful to. women and girls all over the world. sugar ripped the golfing legend. so here's what he did. he won up to. this golfer like. this golfer did a shot. and he did a shot and it was much. better and then he walked over. and handed him a tampon dude. which by the way is so [ __ ] funny because of how just so frat. guy and shitty it is. you know also tiger woods. either two things happened here tiger woods. either went to go. get a tampon to. do this or got his assistant to. pick up tampons too like that's unbelievable. that's unbelievable that that he was. like i'm gonna do this. and i'm gonna [ __ ] do a crazy cool. shot which i do because i'm targeting. ones i'm gonna go [ __ ] get him in the tampon so funny. okay and now this woman of the woman. head of the women's group. is saying how it's tone. deaf sugar ripped golfing legend. wondering if he's intimidating periods oh intimating periods. are embarrassing or shameful or a sign of weakness. okay so here's the deal. uh uh men are uh uh more more uh manly i guess. and what is manly i guess. so that doesn't make sense you can't say matter. here i go get in trouble. but um the the the the the the the how do i not skate. around this how do i go right. through the [ __ ] bowling pins but um sports male sports if you want to. say they're toxic fine. uh i don't like that word. there's a very if manly is. a thing then on manly. is a thing and in sports. being manly is equated with being good. in men's sports okay. so saying hey guy i know you value this. in yourself but check this out. you got a [ __ ] is a [ __ ] funny thing to. do right and if having a look having a period. isn't a sign of weakness. but being weaker is a sign. of weakness and women genuinely when it comes to. physical strength generally the weaker. okay and that's okay you're different. you're better at other things you're better. at other things and that's [ __ ] awesome. dude but dude this is absolutely. hilarious that he did this. the women's group says it's sad. to see if i could do this. because he's a grown man. with a daughter and they feel the joke. distraction the serious issues involving mental. health and period. mental health [ __ ] mental health have to. do with this which women girls. are about to. go he gave an apology. nonapology saying it was supposed. to be all fun and games obviously. hasn't turned out that way if anyway nah don't say that if i offended anybody anyway i'm sorry yeah that's not a real apology. but also just don't do it. yeah women can speak and compete in sports. in all areas of life. while handling their periods so tampons are no. joke is what they wrote. dude yeah women can be in sports. yeah yeah not with guys. because they're not as good. dude they're not you're not gonna see [ __ ] even brittany greiner. who's like will sell out. she's not gonna be sitting there with lebron dude. i don't know it's not it's like dude. oh so insane though like the dilbert. guy how about how the dilbert. guy just goes i'm cashing. in ah you know. what [ __ ] it i'm cashing. in to make i accept. like 70 million dollars. he's been drawing this. dog [ __ ] cartoon since 1980 you know and i'm not i'm not look dude. speak your mind free your [ __ ] mind the cartoon dilbert stock [ __ ] okay it's all good do what you do make that stack those racks fine stock [ __ ] okay bilbert will walk in and be like where's my brain and the guy's like and then double's like and it's on a hundred newspapers across the world dog [ __ ] okay it's fine but dilbert your whole. life's works dog [ __ ] and it's fine. and i don't care and i like when someone frees their mind. and speaks their mind now we are not racist. here at the congratulations. studios okay at the super good. studios we're not racist but this. dilbert guy dude i actually want to. play the [ __ ] video because holy [ __ ] dude the guy the guy just doubled down he goes dilbert. here let me you looking. for headphones yeah they're in my backpack. dude sorry i took them. um now of course we're gonna get through. all the shins [music]. you don't have another pair. there yeah here let me play. some of this dude. this is so ridiculous how he did it. also it looks like cal. ripken jr cal races junior. come on let's play it. here we go and it's in dude. you heard about this right. you know about this right. yeah dude so if if you know nearly half. of all blacks are not okay. with white people according to. this poll he put out a poll. in twitter where he was like where he was like wow. he's got this spiderman uh headphones. like from because there's a calvin's. i don't even fit his head. he's gonna have to. listen in one ear um so he basically put out a poll. is it oh is it. okay to be white. or not and 53 of the people. i said like yeah it's okay. to be white which means there. were like 40 some people that says yeah. it's not okay to. be right and he was saying that. it's racist now is that racist. okay now do i want to. die on that hill. who cares doesn't matter but my point. is if you do adoption cartoon in 100. publications across america can't be saying stuff. like that all right so he did it. he tweeted that obviously he wanted. to be incendiary guys we're 70. mil all right so the guy wants to. cash out so then he put he puts this video up. so if if you know nearly half of all. blacks first of all calling them. blacks whoa are not okay. with white people according to. this poll not according to. me according to. this poll that's a hate group. this man just said blacks all. right all right hate group. not he didn't even say some blacks. which which would still be like whoa. buddy the guy just goes blacks. are are a hate crew huh. that's the [ __ ] awards that's a hate. group that's double downtown i won't. have anything to. do with them um i don't have anything. to do with uh meaning blacks. and i would say you know. based on the current way. things work it can't. get much worse that's the advice. i would give to. at least people can't get much worse. is to get the hell. away from black people the fact. that not only he said white. people should get away from black. people but the fact that he said white. people should get the hell away. from black people is like you feel the vitriol. under his speaking right uh uh why people and the fact that he's doing this. the whole time uh white people. should uh get the hell away. from black people just get the [ __ ] away wherever you have to. go just get away. like like they're everywhere you know. where we have to. go just like you're just in well. this is better than being around. them blacks in the in the in the atlantic. in the potomac you know. they don't swim so scared. of water just racist. [ __ ] out there so that is uh scott adams dude it's so funny that a cartoonist can even be racist you know i draw so everybody was just like done done with them and i'm just like wow and i looked in the comments and dude some people are just all for it it's crazy. how like my favorite are the black. dudes that are come out and are like yeah. it's up to. our kind to. do better and we don't know. god damn dude what did ben stiller. do one fire sent me this. oh oh did these are getting canceled. or no no he said i make no. apologies for tropic thunder. oh wait somebody said what is this. so benny s wrote to. ben stiller please stop apologizing for doing. this movie it wasn't still as funny. as [ __ ] even funnier now. with cancer culture that the way it is it's a movie. y'all can just get over it. i was dying level when i saw first back in the day. and so is everyone else i noticed how in twitter however. okay yeah yeah and then the guy says i noticed how twitter i. notice my twitter how liberals. have been trying to. cancel call to. the movie tropic thunder now. people like ben stiller are actually. apologizing for what it's a classic. movie funny as [ __ ] if you haven't seen it it's a satirical movie. he does it in blackface. whatever well his whole body's. black whatever stop a positive for this. stuff and then ben stiller. writes i make no apologies for tropic. thunder don't know who told you that. it's always been a controversial. movie since we opened this is when we open proud of it. and the work everyone did on it. nice um [music] i guess. this is a tweet he did. actually tropic thunder was booked. out of 10 years. ago when it came out and i apologize then it was always meant. to make fun of actors trying. to do anything to. win awards yeah of course i stand. my biomology in the movie. i stand by my. apology in the movie sean white and the great people that work in there oh so he did apologize for it. then why is sean white. hmm that was 2018. yeah dude. it's it's it's it's like that's the thing. about this is that they don't. even go to the fact. that they're making fun of a guy. who would do this. but whatever hey nobody gives a [ __ ] um how about this andrew tate tweet sup. what does he mean. sup he writes i was awoken. last night by an icy. chill poetry and then he writes and identified a ghost in my prison. cell oops you had it. for a minute there dude. andrew tate that's the thing. man once you reach escape. velocity you can say anything. and people were just like okay. there were ghosts then. i believe you i've invested too. much of myself to. follow you i was working last. night by an icy. chill and identified a ghost in my prison. cell he was terrified and begged me. not to annihilate him. the most [ __ ] wow dude to. have it like that to. have it like that why. would go hey dude first of all i'm finding flaws. in this tweet why is the ghost. even showing up be it. another area at least be an interesting kitchen. where he's not sleeping oh. he's in he's in jail. yeah and just tell uh he was terrified. and beg me not denial. him i sent him. back to hell with a message. for the demons i am always ready whoa. dude look this guy writes gotta respect a man. that never stops growing andrew. take social media phenomenon. kickboxing champion internet. pimp business coach and ghostbuster that's cool. dude free your mind. dude free your [ __ ] mind andrew tate free andrew tate right isn't that what they say i have no idea they're they're sure shot of betting. this video but i'm saying andrew. tate too much um yeah he dm me. a long time ago. uh and was talking about uh how everyone was mad. at him and we were having a laugh. and that's it he said let me. come on your podcast. and i was like um he did he said let me. come on your podcast. let me know when you want to. do the best podcast. of all time and i wrote uh okay but i don't have guests. on my podcast and uh that's that. it was a while ago. so how's that for how's that. for some insider biz dude. how's that for some bts. i guess tommy fury beat jake. paul in decision all. right i guess it was a split. decision every time i hear split. decision i think of ace ventura. saying quick decision and then throwing her. into the water um wow that's so funny. quick decision like so dumb. and funny wow jim. carrey's awesome so um yeah you beat him. i like you know what i like about. jake paul dude. he'll talk so much. [ __ ] and then afterwards he'll be like fair. play dude you won congrats. to you and your family. that's so [ __ ] awesome that means he's playing a game. of boxing and he's doing it. well did the guys in marketing. genius right and so am i so we have something in common. um what else did i do. this week i [ __ ] i did a um i'm [ __ ] tired man. i may need more of that. coffee where she said you. want to die shout out. to my friggin homies um let's look. at some of these here i like doing these let's do look. at some of these um what do. you call it uh gpt chat gpt crystallia jokes this is a new section we do here. on the show chat gpt crystallia jokes on. caviar hey what's the deal. with caviar it's like let me get this. straight we're paying top dollar for. fish eggs i mean come on people if we really wanted to. eat fish eggs we could just go. fishing and squeeze them. out ourselves so not a joke. also something i would say because i don't do jokes. um i mean come on people. to sew something i've never said i mean. come on people i've literally never said that. my life except for chad. gbd uh reciting chat gpt jokes here's one on cruise. ships well this is actually a hilarious line hey you ever been on a cruise it's like a floating. hotel but with a lot more diarrhea. i mean you're basically trapped. on a boat with a bunch. of strangers all trying to. avoid the same overcooked. buffet food i mean the first sign of that is hilarious. oh crush on stage gonna do it and let's not forget. about the entertainment there's always some cheesy. magician or washed up comedian me nah i didn't say that. part i'm trying to. make you laugh yeah good. luck with that buddy i'm too busy trying. not to get seasick wow. so bad but you know what the best. part of the cruise is. get off the damn thing i mean. you've been stuck in a boat. for a week you only kiss. the ground when you finally dock. so yeah you want to. spend your time vacation feeling like you're on a floating. petri dish go ahead and book. that cruise no so bad first. line was funny here's burger. king chad gpd jokes. chrisley burger king huh well i like that. already burger king huh. more like burger prince am i right. did i do this already they're all. the same you just did this now. wow burger am i right. i mean who are they trying. to fool with that crown. logo i didn't do this. already did you do it. wow did i even get rid of do. the same thing no maybe not. but it just feels so am. i having a [ __ ] what do you call it. deja vu yeah no. i didn't do this but no amount. of slow motion shots is gonna make me forget. that time i've got food. poisoning from your whopper hey guess if you're gonna guess if you're into. hey i guess if you're in a soggy buns and wilted. lettuce burger king is the ways. for you just make sure to. bring your own crown because you definitely won't. be feeling like a king after eating. their wow so bad dude. you would that would so be a joke. that somebody would do in an open. mic in a hostel um wow. oh man guess what joke's on. you guys i've been nauseous. the whole time i've been doing. this this um podcast and it's been okay so [music]. still did it got through. it three times didn't work. yes dude awesome times didn't work. yes dude absolutely freaking awesome. but uh congratulations today brought. to you by me. brought to you by me. so like and subscribe to. [ __ ] my other channel has been [ __ ] pumping though and getting followers got like 30 000 followers in the past few days uh crystal lee channel that's what's up. dude uh let's do some tinder. some some dessert let's. do some tender nah let's do some tinder. or deserved scale let's do some deserved. scale here we go. i was trying to. jump over the leak pipe with tremendous. water pressure well we know how that ends. up who's a woman or man. oh oh i mean oh my god dude. first of all bitched out. completely because it only kind of put the side. of his leg over it and still flipped. all the way around dude. that's unbelievable oh my god broke. his [ __ ] neck wow somebody wrote public enema number one. that's pretty funny uh that. is just so bad you could die. like that so that's an eight. because it was very funny. but also you can die. like that so let's not let's not have that. happen anymore huh. here's another one running and flipping. oh the music is so bad. so running oh running and flipping. off is what it is you gave. the guy their finger. and then ate [ __ ] oh this is a bus oh hit a pole oof. oh oh the guy behind him. is doing a naruto. run naruto run literally wow those guys are all darks everything's everybody's. such a dork in there. um yeah that's a n8 as well but there was some pain. in that so i feel bad. about that oh if you ever. hit that [ __ ] that happened to. me once not running but walking. it hurts so bad walking. it hurts so bad i must passed out. so running i can't even [ __ ] imagine oh there's another one here you put the [ __ ] driving a bike off a ramp into. water oh have we not seen. this one dude there's so many videos like this. i can't even i'm having deja. vu create it's crazy. oh flipped around hit the water. i hope they didn't die. okay that is an eight. eight where there's land of the eights. because this is not so funny. man i like when they go like no no. no no no no or like whoa. whoa whoa or like they're like now. watch it and then that's the end of the show. for youtube if you want to. catch the uncut episode the uh with no ads. uh and uh the raw. uncut episode go to uh patreon. dot com crystalia and uh you can all. get that and for six bucks. and also you can get the rest of the episodes. we've done like 24 every month. there's a episode for patreon you. can go get them if you go subscribe. to the patreon for six. bucks patreon dot com chrisley thanks. very much guys [music]. thank you [music] 