 [music] runk sacramento. i'll be there january. 13th added show we just added. another show in sacramento. because the first one sold out. then it'll be and brea california. phoenix arizona el paso texas albuquerque new mexico colona bc. uh and we just also added. another show in uh vancouver get your tickets. chris lea dot com the first one. sold out um check out. grow or die. my new special my fifth. comedy special chris lea dot com. i'm very proud of it. would appreciate it if you go. and uh check it out. go get it at chris. dot com and uh other than that. dude let's get into. the episode this is [music]. congratulations [music] congratulations my gosh man it was one of those days where let me tell you something man one of those days where i woke up uh i don't even understand what the what happened. honestly the day i don't really. get how it got away. from me it just kind of like i woke. up at when did i wake up. like this is the thing. i don't even understand we have kids. all right the kids woke. up i genuinely have no memory of waking up. this morning that's how out of it. i was um i must have got up. with the kids kristen must have got up. too no i got up. with billy oh that's what happened. i remember yay i got up got billy out. of the crib put him in a little jumper. you know one of those things. where he's jumping he's going. crazy with these things now. you know just like he's like jumping. up and down fell asleep. on the couch billy didn't. make a peep you know. he was just playing in the jumper. calvin was up playing with stuff. and then all of a sudden it. was 1:30 i guess i fell asleep. on the couch for so long. because kristen was up. and dude i don't know what happened. man and then i just went back. into bed a little look i did. shows this weekend in oxar california and they were really fun i did a lot of new stuff i even did new stuff on the new stuff. like i have a new hour. that i'm doing and i didn't do. some of it because i wanted to. do other new stuff anyway. i now i'm 43. i'm exhausted after i do my my shows. the next the sunday i'm exhausted. dude i woke up then at 6 i and it's and now it's 8 and i'm like i went to. go i took calvin to. go get hot chocolate yeah i got uh uh regular coffee. and i i was i'm like so out of it. dude and i'm and i guess i'm like okay. well the day is over so just go to. bed after this so i i lost. today or or did i win. are those days awesome or you because i don't feel you. know i go to the the the john lenin. quote where it's like every day. where you don't i don't know. the quote really but it's something about how if you're have if you're if you're having a good. time then it's not time. wasted and and i guess i was having a bonker's good time. sleeping and you know so i but i also feel guilty but then it's like okay. i did the shows what should i i feel like that. i i i i don't know man. um i do want to. talk about this um the uh the sh the movie the the leave the world. alone what is it called. the world the one. that you're typing right. now leave the world behind everyone's roasting. julie roberts about her dancing. in it dude i i i don't here's the deal. okay i was watching le. leave the world behind first of all i don't like the movie okay i said it. the acting is phenomenal i said. it don't like the movie and i'm not even. a guy who doesn't like a movie. because of how the ending is. but dude saw the movie the ending. was it just i didn't like the movie. everyone's talking about this movie. it's number one on netflix. number two on netflix julie julia roberts. there she is so awesome. at acting she is the crem de la. creme of actors okay there is a movie. there's a scene where she dances. with a guy marshala mahala. what is it mah. maha ali i mean that's you know there's an extra allah in there that i don't you know mah. mah and dude she's dancing. and she is so weirdly dancing. and everyone's roasting her. online for it you put the video here but let me tell you something about this. i didn't know that people were roasting. her and i saw the movie right. when it came out so they probably weren't roasting. her yet so i saw this. movie okay we can't so first of all. she's dancing to that [ __ ] baby. you're not drying you get so excited. oh how i like it i try. but i can't find it. oh you're dancing real slow. but i get real you're making it. hard for me wow i guess. i know that whole song. i had no idea wow baby. wait go you excited ohing real. slow get real making it. hard for me like we sex. then oh yeah oh yeah whatever anyway um that. song by next is it why. do i know it i i why. do i know this dude. i don't know but that song. gave me eargasms when i was younger. i never liked that song. honestly but anyway it's dope that they put that in this. movie in the in an end of the world. movie you know what i'm saying. like they like the producer the director was like yo. i know the perfect song oh we're dancing. real slow and you're making it hard. for me that means penis by. the way um he does. not talking about difficult. i mean he is talking about difficult. but it's an inuendo and he's talking about hard. he's talking about his penis. you you know is that the one. that feels a little poke coming. through on you so fraking. to the point so um uh anyway i'm watching this. movie and i and now julia roberts. is dancing now look if you think of a great. white actress dancing you. probably think bad you know. just like has so much money. what is her life like she doesn't dance. you know like you know how like gangsters. don't dance they boogie. how m 10 said that. and then it's like well dude. nobody doesn't dance more. than a gangster okay. but then it's like a really really really really rich. white woman and i don't mean. a housewife when the when the when the husband leaves. and she's got the kitchen. to herself in her twobedroom house. i'm talking about someone with houses. that has people do [ __ ] for them day. and night they don't dance. dude they they get people to. dance for them they're kings and queens they're. just you know they'll put on necks and they'll. be like i feel like dancing. i need someone to. fulfill that dance for me. and then someone comes out. oh they're dancing real slow. you're making it hard. for me and they don't move. [ __ ] so julia roberts. is an actress though. and this scene calls upon. her to dance so we get to. see either how this character. julia roberts is playing is dancing. and how she decides his character. is dancing or how the real. julia robert dances we don't know we don't know so roasting her. is pretty much silly because it's the character. okay and there's this thing on tik tok. where it's like and the acting award. goes to maha la. laa for keeping a straight face. while watching julie roberts. trying to dance now. we don't like that kind of roasting. hero on congratulations because this is the character. dude if i'm in a movie. and it for me. to dance unless i play a dancer. i'm doing it silly. okay why because it adds. to the movie you see me. dancing on tv i'm having a a silly. time now if i'm in magic. mic and i gotta do p. p and i gotta be real. sexy i got to. take dance classes okay. i got to actually try. but this here she's dancing. a a little poke coming through. on you so she's doing it. like the character either way i was watching this. movie and i was in by the way the first half. of this movie and the dancing. happens in the first half. of the movie or like maybe into. the it's into the movie. now mah la mah. la la la la la la of course is good. at dancing he's better. at dancing than he is. at smiling when mahala la. d smiles he knows that that. gets the penties wet and i just go it. gets the penties wet it kind of it. kind of even gets my panties. wet and i'm not not in a gay. way i'm just like i'll give it to. him i'll piss a little bit. uh you know what i'll let it. out a little bit you know. when a guy's really goodlooking. as a man if you're really comfortable. with your heterosexuality you you got to. get wet too and piss a little bit. just give it to. him you know what i'm talking. about right so julia roberts. starts dancing and dude. i'm first of all i'm in the i'm in it. i'm in the movie okay. fine that's cool julia roberts. starts dancing and she dances. very weird actually no even worse. than that she dances kind. of weird and it's very subtle. and kind of weird and i'm going. to just go ahead and say she did. it as a character. cuz she is just top. notot jaing but when i saw her dancing. in that here i'll play it. a little bit i'm not going. to do the music. because we'll get demonetized but god. she's a great actress dude. i mean she's dancing. like she's you know in like westside story the blind. version but she's just got no and and and next to. a black guy who's obviously good. at dancing because he's black but man. he she is just like god she's so good dude. when i saw this scene i was like julia roberts. i actually texted the group chat. when i saw this dancing. i texted my my friends i go man. julia roberts is on another level. of acting and she really. is dude i love julie. roberts and i always have and she is doing it like a lane from seinfeld's. a little bit but you know. it's okay but that movie. boy i i didn't i'm not wasn't in it. you know but she was also like playing you know a kind of like a karen. role so that's how they dance uh she killed it. dude hats off to. julie roberts i think she should win an oscar just for that dancing best. dance with mash la la. al ii um yeah there's something i don't get about marshal. laa ali i guess they're doing um blade the movie with him. and because everything is so woke. his part is getting smaller and smaller. and they're just getting more and more like transgender. and women people in it. that's what i heard that's word. on the streets dude. but i'm just vibing. you know what i mean. word on the street is i'm you know. i'm just saying i'm trying to. become a conspiracy theorist. because i just think that those. kind of at least i would have [ __ ] to. do all the time you know. what i'm saying like if you're con. you're if you're a conspiracy. theorist think about how never how you're never bored. ever ever ever ever bored you just go. like this you start to. get bored you you know. like you you you get home. and you're like oh my next thing. isn't until 4:30 and then you go but the government's corrupt. and why well there was no. plane that hit the pentagon. i mean show me the proof. and then you just start going into. a rabbit hole you. don't even need the internet. you could just do it. in your own head if you've seen. loose change if youve seen ze guys you're good you know what i'm saying. like that's the kind of stuff. that i'm trying to. get to and i can't. dude i can't i'm just too logical. now i don't mean that the government isn't lying. to us like my mom. said to me today she was. like you know cuz calvin. had a fever uh 2. 3 days ago but it was for like 8 hours. it was like one of those kids. fevers where they get a fever. but then they're like psych. um and he fell asleep. and he was having fever. dreams and uh i heard him. crying and i ran up. and he was having a hard. time he was like standing up. in bed i didn't know. if he was awake. or not and he kept going. like this he kept going. and i'm like buddy are you sleeping. or not he kept going. uh and i was like oh my gosh. buddy are you okay and then he was trying. to explain to. me what happened anyway the dream. was later on he explained. it to me when he woke. up he was like i had a dream. that i was eating. paint and became paint and i was like oh wow. that's actually terrifying. for a three and a halfyearold but so we were supposed. to have family dinner today i obviously slept. through today but my mom and dad. were texting hey you guys coming over. because we have family. time sundays and we were like you know. calin's been sick really sick. really the [ __ ] just kind of lay in bed. and uh and my mom said oh if cevin was sick did. you guys get your flu. shots and i just texted back. the government lies to. us you know nice mothers son kind of texting. and my my mom writes let me look look. here uh did you get your flu. shots he's okay i said mom. says true did you get the flu. shot did you all. get a guys did you guys. get a flu shot i said. no the government lies. to us so it so it. should be okay and my mom. writes yeah it does but it's good. not to get the flu. and then my brother writes the government in quotes. anyway dude i want to. be i want to. be that guy you know. and i'm not saying because so my point. is dude i know the government lies. to us dude. i live that lifestyle so don't come. to me and like oh chris is acting like it. on the podcast and he's not really bad. about it but dude. he is he is he walks. with the metal when he's [ __ ] texting like he's real he's real you know what i'm saying. don't act like i don't walk with the metal. i walk with the metal. h so it's like tread lightly. when you're talking to. me about conspiracy theorist. stuff all right and that's okay. but i know about this. stuff and i don't believe in all of that. i believe in very very few. conspiracy theories but i'm working on it. i'm trying to get there. i would love to. believe joe biden is a lizard. or donald trump is a hologram. are you kidding me. dude i would love it. i'd never get bored i you can make up. conspiracy theories you can make them up if you don't even if they're not enough make more up and have more people follow. them [ __ ] qanon zanon i want to. have a new anon anyway. um lbgtq anon right. have that well that'd be a great. title if they didn't that would for sure. flag it i said flag. it by the way um how about how about tekashi. 69 actually his name is truly tekashi. 6699 really is what his name. is that's interesting cuz 66. is already on the way. to six and 99. is already on the way. you can use the last part. of nine to. trail into the next nine. anyway i'm a linguist um bro. i don't here's the thing. all right i don't know how much money tekashi. 69 has i i don't i i don't i know. how much money comedians make i i you know. i'm assuming brands probably. don't [ __ ] with tekashi 69. because of how he's uh poison. but i guess two years. ago um he was sued. because he was swinging. a bottle around cuz somebody called him a rat which by the way. you are you know what i'm saying. like how could you be mad. it's like chris your shoulders. go on for days uh i'm not mad i know right. chris you're size 13 can't. imagine what you got in. the downstairs area what am. i going to do. get mad at that now i get it. dude it's facts you. know chris your hairline only went. back a little bit and it'll probably stay. there for the rest of your life. you're all good so don't worry about. it dude i'm not going. to get i'm not going. to i know that you know. hey chris it's a little it's a little tough for. you to lose the the the you know. the body fat in in behind your back. above your ass you know. technically love handles dude. i'm not going to. go swinging a bottle around. right yeah but i i start. thinking about focus on my chest. then okay well i got my chest. peeking out though right. maybe i work my chest harder. the skin will gravitate towards my chest. it'll pull the skin back. from the you know. what i mean i don't know and that's a conspiracy. theory that i'm thinking of that that that i could actually spend time on but anyway let's go back to. that tekashi 6699 thing. what you're a rat all good. you do what rats. do right probably got a little cheese. in your pocket you go tell. on people so you get a reduced you know. he didn't go to. jail sarat all good so now. you're at a strip club. which is by the way. derel city you're not going to. be you're not going to. meet savory individuals there. right i'm not saying there's not savory individuals. there but there are also non savory individuals there. right you ever been to. the strip club in the daytime. i have you know who's there. alone guys you know who what they are. probably not savory you know. how i know i went alone. once okay i wasn't in the savory. business back then right. so so he's in the strip. club somebody calls him a rat and he starts. swinging a bottle by the way don't swing. the bottle because you go like this. well that's what i you know. what i mean it's like cake. doesn't get mad it's cake. swings a bottle hits a stripper big big. mistake all right now. she w 9.8 $25 million on by. the way this is crazy. that she won that much. you know you should never be able. to sue someone more money. than they would have taken for sure. if the thing happened beforehand you know. what like like like if beforehand you're asked. hey would you take a bottle to. the nogget for $9.8 million and if somebody would go are you [ __ ] kidding. me yes that's too much. you know what i'm saying you. she should have got like a million cuz then or i don't know. she probably would have taken. [ __ ] what 20 grand to. take a bottle to. the noggin but nine 10. million that's crazy dude. you know because then you get hit and then you got to. be like wait got to. take care of my medical. bills but then also the trauma and it's like all right. dude you know it sucks. he hit you in the noggin. but how much would you get you know. what i mean what would i get for somebody. to smash me in a in in in the head. with a bottle of cryistal well. if you know if it changed her. life if she can't walk right. or something or she's dumber. uh not that she's a [ __ ] you know doctor she's a dancer but um you know then yeah then you know what she does deserve 10. million so [ __ ] it actually but whatever we don't know the ins. and outs of it she got her. money he didn't pay for. two years and now they're like the judge is like now. they can the the people whoever the power. thatb can come in take what they need to. and sell it off. to give to to. get the money so this. guy's going to. be out $10 million um damn the they can break. locks necessary to gain access. to any real property wow. that's crazy dude that's look at the oh look at the gash. actually that's rough man this god. bless god bless look. at this uh her attorney told us he tried. hitting someone else for calling him. a rat but he missed. and clocked alexis instead is that her. real name or a stripper name um so here. it says the injuries resulted in a trip. to the er and she got several staples to. close the wound well then that's it. i mean that's bad oh there's actually footage. of the fight well let's get involved. let's get into it. it's a different thing it's not it. oh oh she was arrested. his girlfriend on a felony charge assaulting himh oh man. this this is that's these people are. good people what's she hitting him. with what is that a [ __ ] wacky i that that's not a 2x4 dude. bro this is crazy oh i like how he stepped in into. it look at dude. his cars you know his green ass. car with the pink wow. she got arrested wild um anyway they recalled 2. million uh teslas so what is it. like to be elon musk. dude i they i mean to. h for how many teslas are there by the way. in the in the world and this. guy had to recall two m oh i would i tell you what. if i was a a a car guy not a car. guy an owner of a car. i know he does more than that. but dude say i'm say. you're the head of uh mitsubishi or uh. mercedes whatever the hell right. alpha romeo you go. they go hey they i'm mr. romeo okay that's me. hello hello president romeo yeah that's me president. of alfa romeo hey so we have to. recall 2 million um of cars. oh yeah ah i give up. dude i i i i i'm done. i lost like i that's it. i take it i take the money. i got from being mr. romeo and then i go from being the alpha romeo. and then i [ __ ] leave dude i'm done do you know what i'm saying i don't know how you you it it was like the guy from the alaska airlines was it alaska airlines where the plane. crashed and he resigned he's like i'm the president. of alaska airlines i i i i i okay. it crashed i'm done. i failed i'm gone dude. i leave that's it. that's it if i'm doing standup. and all of a sudden you know. people are just zero laughing. and then start shooting each other oh i i'm oh that's it. that was my last show. that's it yo hey every that. was my last show thank thanks. everyone sorry you didn't enjoy. it and sorry you started murdering. each other but i you know. go see tom sagui he's here next month. i i don't understand elon. musk i'm dude you recall two million teslas i'm done bro also the kill switch and the car that they're going to. implement in 2026 yo they're going to. f oh man you know you know they're just going. to they're going to. abuse that hey dude i'm a consp. iracy theorist that's one i i got it. i i'm never bored. never bored uh are you kidding. me there's doritos liquor why is everybody. getting into the hard. liquor game what the [ __ ] hey doritos you're disgusting doritos you're [ __ ] absolutely disgusting dude i've the last time i ate doritos was oh my god decades ago hey doritos to. release nacho cheese flavored alcoholic. drink that tastes like crisps hey. disgusting hey you lose. resign oh my god it's called empirical. that's the company they're using. okay look at it's got a it's got a in the ad. it's got a a drink on the rocks. with a dorito chip over it. like a to. lime like on the thing just disgusting. dude doritos are you ever eat. a dorito and you're just like do you ever. eat a dorito and not think oh this. is killing me right. now i don't i don't eat doritos but and that's not to. say i don't i did. eat a brownie last night. and ice cream and fries. and that's why my love handles. aren't going away but no i ate those a few nights. ago sweetie you're not part of. this when i have you on as a guest. be a guest but don't be chiming in saying. i ate six reese's peanut. butter cups when that was three nights. before this not last night. she says and the reese's she made them dude. so she made reese's peanut. butter cups which is they were really good she dude. she put dark chocolate on. him which i was like ah nah but then i ate another one. and i was like yeah actually. okay dude milk chocolate [ __ ]. dark chocolate in the [ __ ] milk. when someone looks at me. and they say i like dark. chocolate better i go. okay communist milk chocolate is. the [ __ ] that's it it was it was milk. chocolate tasted like dark. chocolate that's why it was good the second. time anyway dude doritos liquor why. is everybody got to. having a liquor thing why does why. like i'm just going to. throw names out there. i guarantee they have liquor. companies mario lopez there's [ __ ] no way in hell that. he doesn't have a liquor. company or you know. what i mean there's [ __ ] no way in hell i bet. gary oldman i bet he has. a [ __ ] liquor and it's sold in like france and and and you know mary mary lopez and oscar de la hoya have a tequila together there you go there you go i i knew i knew without knowing because obviously they do why does how much [ __ ] drinking needs to. happen i don't even mean. drinking alcohol how many things do people need to. drink i'm [ __ ] satiated dude. i drink water and coffee. that's all i drink i love. how mario lopez came out. with trump and they were trying. to drag him mario lopez came out with trump. on the ufc with trump. and uh uh what do you call. it um uh uh dana white. and it's like oh people trying. to drag mary lopez [ __ ] that i love mar. lopez dude how about this man. of course mary lopez voted for trump. he's mario lopez if you got money you. voting for trump if you got money you're voting for trump. period unless you know you feel really guilty for some reason. right like a lot of white. women are like well we still got to. do the right thing that's what they think the right. thing is i just want darth vader to. be president um how about the movie um that. came out maestro maestro with um bradley uh wills bradley uh cooper and he has a b big. jewish nose on it and that's um bro. look at this bradley cooper. caught some flack for revealing. that he doesn't allow. chairs on his movie. sets but it turns out he ain't. alone whether it's rules. for sitting or other bands. you might have heard about this. did an interview with somebody. did an interview with spike. lee uh not a big. chair guy um who else. oh dude okay so this is um come to. find out he's far from. the only filmmaker who enforces stringent guidelines. on set and even for the chair. issue he's in good company with christopher noan and zach. sneider that's not true i worked with zack. sneider he had chairs i sat down. wrong there you go. whistleblower hell yeah i'm a whistleblower. dude i'm a chair whistleblower. i'm a director's i'm a chair on. set whistleblower that's awesome. um look at this an hathway and rdj. rep claim chris nolan doesn't do chairs and snider himself. says there are no chairs allowed. in the sets hey whistleblower yes he does i sat. on his set a lot. i was in the movie until i got cut out. and dude i sat a lot. actually a lot of downtime and it was [ __ ] 1550 degrees in albuquerque i'll be in albuquerque soon. come see me. chris dot com um yeah by the way. whistleblower i love you. know that's just snitch. ass [ __ ] why do people call it whistleblower like it's some some noble. thing dude you snitched um what is this. not safe for work content. let's absolutely click it bring. the cam something oh boy. let me just tell you something. right now anybody with that. voice where it you know. what i mean where it's like the voice. forgot to wake up. for the day that's a dude. that is not to. be trifled with you know. what i'm saying nobody with that. voice is timid no way nobody with that. voice is is [ __ ] timid come on dude i already accepted that i'm i it's okay to. watch this here we go. bring the camera bring the camera. like he's so confident [ __ ] bring the camera. bring the camera all the young. girls who want to. make life with [ __ ] your [ __ ] will perish with you in hell oh my god. doing may your [ __ ] perish with you. may your smooth [ __ ] oh likes it. though you know what i mean. [ __ ] and [ __ ] parish. oh my god why is he describing. it like he likes it. [ __ ] kia [ __ ] and [ __ ] parish dude the worst wwf speech promo that he cut dude when he goes you're will perish dude that was awesome this guy is my favorite wwe. uh guy oh dude. somebody yeah where are the rappers dude. let's go let's get this. sampled you're pussyy bring the camera. oh dude i love how he takes i need the camera. the camera bring the camera. here dude this guy's controls so wow. he controls that's amazing. all right i went potty. here we go um i actually had a thing. i wanted to talk about you know. the year's coming to. an end and it's going. to be christmas i put together five shows. that i thought were gangster. all right i wrote it. down where the hell are. they here we go. these are the shows when it comes to. watchability dude the five shows. i liked in 2023. when it comes to. watchability now look you know. me dude i won't sit there and watch like certain types. of shows so if comedy. is out the you know. i'm not going to. sit and watch you know. i don't know how the the latest episode. of uh i don't even know. what a comedy what what. show what a comedy show. is uh what's the one. with the modern family. i don't know is that on even. still no clue okay well i don't. know what these shows are like so i take those out. of the list all right uh i like thrillers. i like mindbenders i like you know. sultry sexual shows i like shows. where got action shows i got the five. shows that i think you should watch when it comes to. watchability not necessarily fantastic. art okay these are the shows. number one the watcher. that show was good it. was goofy but good watchability who done. it the whole time didn't understand. couldn't figure it out. wanted to know what was happening. couldn't thank you for that. show number two silo what the these are. no particular order ah that. chick is a great actress. and also what they're going. up and down and [ __ ] in that thing why is a silo out there. dude and now what at the end. there's more silos they're not. the only one oh what the [ __ ] that's a little bit of a spoiler alert but not really dude. um but it's like so you know they're all in this. like compound everything is brown. in it there's no color. on the show um and what's going on. dude that you watch. that show you're like a what's going. on there you go. that's the number one thing. about shows that i need to. i need to watch i if i watch it. and i'm going what's going. on here that's that's it. dude okay another show i loved watching. hijack an action how they going get off this plane. what the [ __ ] how they gonna how's he gonna do this. right i'm in in a confined. space what the f. all right i'll watch it. okay every show can't be seance i'll watch it. seance was fantastic but that was 20122 another show. i that was apple. tv that was id. ela ed elba is the [ __ ] of course we all know. that mah la ali is [ __ ] gunning for idis. elba right the next one. that i liked watching gen. v so silly so good with the superhero. thing a take on superhero. thing absolutely loved watching it. [ __ ] patrick schwarzenegger's good actor who knew the son. of arnold schwarzenegger patrick. schwarzenegger better actor than arnold. schwarzenegger not that reneger deserves an. oscar for anything but killing it. um and it was funny too gen v. that was the offshoot of the boys. the boys is a good. show great show gen v great. show number five this show. called obsession k k. dude so sexual this. show what was going. on so wild lot. of sultry stuff going on. good acting bro i'm a i'm a [ __ ] tv reviewer. these are the five watchable. shows watched them straight through loved them. now now other shows i watched. straight through didn't like them. i'll watch a whole show. and not like it the tutors six seasons zipped right. through it this year didn't necessarily like it okay watch the whole thing. the consultant with that dude. that's the actor um such a great. actor show is not good watch. the whole thing uh that apple. tv show with jennifer garner the last. thing he told me. bad show watch the whole thing. monarch watching it on episode. five got bad gonna watch the whole. thing committing it's fine. love that dur got his andre. home got his [ __ ] that that's awesome. he's good in it. there's some fine stuff in it. show's not for me. dude and i love monsters. [ __ ] can't wait to. see godzilla minus one. dude can't wait to. see godzilla minus one. that's a the movie though. it is christmas so let's go through. with this this is jonathan. i'm delivering your order. from br's pizza palace. i just got caught by a roadblock or something. there's just a bunch of cars. on the road [ __ ] they're shooting all right. this is a light show that this guy put up for christmas. of like a green cartoon type thing and he synced it with this. audio right so this. is what the christmas. light display is saying let me get down. underneath my feet and get my gun you. pulled up on the wrong. got an automatic down here somewhere you he's got a grenade is this. uh south park this can't. be a real actual call but this. is is this guy's christmas. decoration hey see cee fire. cee fire i got a delivery. that's going to be free. if i'm not there in 13. minutes okay and if you don't move. i'm going to take you. out fine me. your wedding he like a will feral. thing i got him. okay i'm almost there i'll see you in a few. minutes pizza's still fresh this is. like a jerky boys. album thing that's hilarious. that that's the [ __ ] christmas. dec why can't christen decorate. stuff like that dude. i mean so annoying for the neighbors. just constantly just have ptsd. what is this uh uh is that what is that. i'm trying to look in the comments. of what well whatever. um that's probably illegal right there's no way. they can have that going. there's no way they can. have that that going in the neighborhood. wow that's amazing that they did. that good job let's look at some of deserv it. scales these i love these i love. um all right here we go. running through oh no oh he died. right i mean that's yo how about weird. big rooms like this with nothing in it. and this guy just ran head. on into something he thought. was open that is so obviously. not open and this guy's so drunk. though swinging his towel around. this looks like a rehab center. oh my god dude he died. he's out dude that that hurt. too much for it. to be a 10 that. can't be a deserved scale. 10 that is so bad. oh my god the outfit all gray. takes a that is rough bro. that is a six that's too. too much pain for a deserve. it okay let's see this. other one girl uh this is from girls. got a graham she's trying to. crawl up on the beam. let me guess she falls she deser well. oo [music] ooh that's her l1. is gone dude just how did she fall that bad oh you found some violent. ones dude this is just uh that's a four that. if that's your mom you go. mom's dead yeah she did. do it to. herself yeah yeah she did do it. to herself that is more of a deserv it than the last. one is what you're saying. cuz the guy just made a mistake. this one did it. for herself she definitely did it. to herself but this this probably isn't as hurtful as the one. that the guy did too too. unless it looked like her. neck could have snapped in which case. she doesn't deserve that but the deserves a. scale i'd say this is a six the last. one is a four i i a a all right. let's see what this one. is uh this girl's. got a graham uh one is good the coffee room. my day she says now that is a 10. that is such a quick. t dude this coffee r. my day coffee went out. with one she threw dude. she threw a coffee out. of the window she was. going to litter and the window. was closed and it went. all over her car and that. my friends is a 10. deserved scale you were going. to litter you know. what if i did that which i would throw i would probably litter something. like that if i was in the right. mood and if that happened. to me i go like this. yeah i you know what. charge it to. the game 100% charge to. the game thanks jesus christ. now i believe in you. because i got what i deserved. immediately that is a 10. a 10 i would go like that. i would go like this you know. what i don't want this. coffee i'm going to. throw it out boom i go that's a 10. 10 in the deserv it scale. i wish it was filmed. it on my podcast. that is great let's see. another deserv it scale here oh this. girl's just trying to. do crit bro she's just trying. to do crossfit man. she's trying to do do. better and and get a good. get her you know her tendon's. all strong oh [ __ ] she was trying. to do one of those pullups. that were like why do they do. those those jerky ones i don't know crossfit is so violent. bro the cameraman oh just couldn't help. himself i hope she's okay uh ah i guess. i would say someone said so zero. she did zero those those are that's the pullups. she's trying to do what. are they called again i don't know. the swinging pullups bro. that's a uh that's a f. four she you know. what just do regular pullups. i would say that's a six cuz just do regular pullups. and and you won't smash. your back like that okay. wow dude let's do one more oh i can already tell i'm g. to love this one. i dude this is the absolute oh you know. what how i've never seen. more of from the first clip. from the first frame here the makings. of a 10 deserv it. scale the guy is on a single trampoline one. of those little indoor trampolines and he's in front of he's on his tv. room right bouncing he's overweight. okay that's high on already the deser. it scale he's got big basketball. shorts on high on. the deserved scale to. you know what i mean. and then and then a [ __ ] oversized uh um uh tank top and he's over 50. and he has a dragon. tattoo on his shoulder so this guy is absolutely asking. for it so let's see what's up. oh oh oh oh oh oh and he's acting silly. on it he's not actually doing it. this if this isn't a 10 this. guy has to die. for it to not be a 10. he deserves so much. oh dude i paused it. so funny he's falling. already okay here we [laughter]. go that's a 10 that is an absolute 10. the thump and oh is so good. look at him what a piece. of [ __ ] doing like that like he's too good for it. oh the dragon tattoo dude. the [ __ ] dragon tattoo dunce with a dragon. tattoo oh that's a good [laughter]. one [laughter] like like what is he doing. dude who is he [laughter]. towy that groan is top notch. dude oh [ __ ] this is funny. this is so good this. is a 10 i got to. send it to. all my friends this is just fantastic. oh this is fantastic. sending it to some friends. right now disrespectful don't give a [ __ ] sending to. some friends right now disrespectful. don't give a [ __ ] uh there we go h. yeah and he wasn't even. that hurt all good man. 100% of 10 on the deserv it. scale love it jesus. let's look at some tenders here we haven't. seen some tenders okay. thanks but i'm not just wait. hold on what is this. thanks but i'm not just got some drama. with my step brother that started friday. and it has me feeling. stuck on what to. do and like i want to. talk to my mom about it. but i'm nervous and embarrassed. so then other person says well that's so fun. family drama always sucks if you'd like any advice. from a guy who you just met. on a dating app with no. judgments feel free haha no guarantees what i'll say will. be helpful though so then the person. says well it's a little personal. but it's cuz friday night i had plans. with my step brother as we were meeting. for a modeling interview and the thing. is that during the interview. we had sex well like it's been bothering me. lately oh my is that it. is there is oh my god dude. yeah that that had bother. me lately although it's not blood right. so that can't be real though. that the that can't be real. you know what he's trying. to do scam them. there you go figured it out. i know stuff dude look at this. here we go here's another. one uh totally what about. you you can't be just a boring. traditor this chick in her bra is. saying on tinder part of me. likes partying live music. standup comedy another part just wants to. read a book on a rainy day and fall asleep watching old movies wow. i hate this guy. who says [ __ ] like that like it's 2001. um oh my god this person says says liking. standup comedy is a pretty big. big red flag are you. aware of that oh my. god this guy says first i hear that. how is that a red. flag she says standup. comedy is 90% racist and sexist. jokes oh my god i agree. i agree dude that's what a f. see dude this the best. thing about tinder and [ __ ] and this online stuff you it out. before you even meet up. i mean dude remember when you had to. go on dates with people and you'd find out. that like you know one. time i was on a date. with it with someone and she was like yeah. i had really bad postpartum. i tried to kill. my son and i was like check please. and i don't even by the way. postpartum is real my mom. had that [ __ ] like i'm but like dude. hey if you want the choice. for a killer to. be in your life or not. i choose no went out. with her a second time honestly. i did smashed it it was fun. dude but it was like dude. dude i didn't take her to. dinner again wow so many problems in the world. huh i keep trying. to do [ __ ] meetings and [ __ ] on zoom i do meetings on zoom i did one yesterday i did one the day before to. do my recovery work and it's just like man. i did 14 in a row. in a day and then i didn't on. the 15th day i felt like [ __ ] dude i want to. do 90 days you're supposed. to do 90 and 90. days i [ __ ] haven't gotten to. 90 yet i keep trying and that's what we do. dude i'll tell you what man. today you know what today. is a wash i woke up. at 6 p.m. like i'm in high. school and it was homecoming last night like dude. you know i have kids but i had a good. show i had good shows. man i sure did [ __ ] ice i sure did [ __ ] i think that's it for the episode you know what you guys i had a great time uh thanks for chilling with me uh merry christmas. i'll see you next week. i think we're going to. do a christmas episode. there's a chance we may just skip. the week but uh may not i don't. know we'll see uh appreciate you. and uh i will be in albuquerque. and el paso and phoenix and brea go. get tickets at chris le dot com. and then also go watch my special. grow or die. chris dot com appreciate you that's it. for the youtube episode if you want to. see the rest of the episode. the raw the uncut the uh episode. where you uh get to. see everything and no ads. go to uh patreon dot com/crashcourse. [music] problem [music] [ __ ] 