 runk hello hello hello hello hello are we starting. is everything going nice scared. great great episode 94 it's sunday. january 28th isn't that beautiful ah nice you're doing it. a little bit different okay. yeah okay it's beautiful. isn't it wow a robot a robot. oh it's so you know what's so awesome. before we even talk about the things. how much when i eat i got to. clear my throat all the time. for an hour afterwards yes dude what's going on. what is it mo mucusy. man come on the show. just started gross. is that gross. yeah i mean no not really it's only a little bit. though it's not a lot. it's just like it gets. my fluids going i mean. now we're talking gross. stuff now we're talking gross. city look uh you guys this. podcast is not possible. unless people uh sign up. for the lifeline luxury a lot of you guys. are on lifeline luxury. and we appreciate you guys. so much thank you so much. we love you and you want. to uh join lifeline luxury. you can it's patreon dot com. lifeline luxury it's just really really now. tell me if i'm wrong it's just really. really popping off over there it's popping. off yeah we do episodes. where there's no submissions where it's just. my brother and i messing around. and we have a good time. we have actually it's we have we really laugh. hard but whatever anyway uh also matt's new podcast best. private record is out now so go check it. out on youtube or wherever you get your podcast. check it out and stuff. yeah um and and then i'm going. to be on tour. i'm gonna be on uh in um what do. you call it uh vancouver and uh can you pull it. up h 100% and that's 100% obvious. uh vancouver colona um that chick. dude that's hilarious it. was a vancouver kala um uh uh rochester kitner. sheveport louisiana houston corpus christie durham. and north folk virginia learning. how to speak learning how to. speak the way you said nor. beautiful that's a beautiful thing. uh so yeah so now obviously click out. of it right so what we would do. is would be click out of it. and then we go back. to the other thing right. there we go isn't that. interesting i don't want to. have to talk to. people like a school teacher. you got a question you want to. be on this show go. to watch lifefine decom you need some advice. you go to watch. lifeline dot com and you ask for advice. and we give it to. you unless you're boring. uh you want one one. one one one one advice sessions with. me mata dot com you do it. you go there you get advice. your life's better and everything's great. and world peace happens. after that uh you want the merch. go to life on merch. dot com yay yay kind of gave me the short. end of the stick. but as he mentioned my podcast. private record is out in its own. and popping and and popping so i wanted to. do that i wanted to. do dj quick hold on. but what do you mean. i gave you the short. end of the stick. you didn't i just wanted. to do it so i had to. come up with a way. to say it again. and i said you give me the short. end of the stick. you said i gave you the short. end of the stick. gunna absolutely terrorize me no i don't. understand why you said that. can you please explain it. it's okay well i didn't really get to. expand on it because you ran into. your tour dates but but i gave i did it. up front for you. which is a nice thing. i was nice and i just wanted to. say a little bit more. i i said it slow. and nice thank you i really. did i i don't yeah. i did i didn't i wasn't like oh damn. he gave me sh. in the stick but you did. in actuality because we're making jokes. and what we do is make jokes. right well but they need to. have a little bit of truth. in it right you don't. just say not really not when they're like that. when they have truth in them. and they're like actually like real. that's not good okay. right i cuz it's like i i think when someone's like why would you say i look. fat in this and they're like well. i'm kidding and it's like. well cuz i only said it because there's a little bit of truth. in it and then you got a problem. no that's not true you know. if i say you look fatn just obviously silly. but you said i gave you the short. end of the stick. wow okay but what i want to. know is why you said that. cuz i just wanted to. say bring it up. again in a real short. way and that's the thing. that i chose to. say i was unexamined just wanted to. get it done but look at us. now i'm just curious would you just look at us. so get the long end. of the stick yeah now it's the longest. possible the longest end. i don't know there was a short. end we didn't get it. is there even such a thing. as a long end. if it's a long end. of a stick it's just a big. stick mhm a giant. a giant when you drink. it magic mind that's how i always sore. my magic mind bottle cool. man it's cool um you want to. talk about magic mine no. we don't have to. but uh also um what were you saying. about the long end. of the stick wow why cuz that was just not great. it wasn't great to. see you know i'm i'm i'm more. organic wow i'm more just kind of whatever. whatever happens happen do something. so dick like that ruin the aesthetic. of the show and say i'm just more organic. so wait so uh yeah dude. um my son will go like that. we were talking about that. earlier earlier on ear before the show. he'll be like hey dad are you ready. first of all he always says are you ready. watch watch this and then i'll say what and he'll go. like this and like he'll look around. and do something you should turn it. around and with a real stern look. in your eyes and with a real stern voice. say are you ready. cuz he's not even ready. so turn the tables on him. make him understand that. life is not uh uh walk in the park. this not some kind of cake. walk well calvin like are you ready. well calvin um are you ready i don't know. if you yes in your mind. right now understand what it. is you want to. show me so what is it. you want to. show me say real quick right. yeah get them get them. get catch him catch him. in the act uhuh we're both. wearing kind of like sweatshirts that. are like nice down syndrome. come on yeah but you have down. syndrome for saying that you can't. i don't like that why. i don't know no it's you know. what it's all right people. rule and they bring up. cool stuff yeah you're right. you're right you're right okay. take it back hey take it hey so you're trying. to you were you were a little bit acting. a little bit too like i just you're virtual. sign virtual no i'm i i'm taking it. back so there's no signal but no for real. look at us look. at our we have sweatshirts. on but i'm saying they're like nice ones. well where's that from well where's that from rubber outfitters so competitive no i mean oh dogging me dude dogging me dude. no it's from le ti. what is it lean. well i don't know what that. is me neither it's just the brand. it's a nice it's a nice brand. it's from the cotton from portugal. or whatever and making it. up how do you know. it's nice because i i this. i get a lot of their stuff. got it okay and it's the only kind of like designer. thing that i like yeah. really yeah it's you always care. about labels don't you want. i do i've heard of len. before i'm like don't you want to. don't you want to. it len yeah okay it's nice yeah. i see website so look. at that guy chilling. dude he's chilling um. it's very like very comfortable. clothing in fact people that don't know what's up. i'll wear it and they'll be like oh well you didn't have to. dress up for this oh that. and i and i grab him by the collar i. pull him close and i said if you only knew how much this cost. me i don't like if you only knew i don't like i don't when people do that kind of stuff. you didn't have to. get dress somebody said that. to me the other day. and i i actually thought i had something nice on. you probably did and they said that. and i was so confused. and if it was you we would have a half. hour conversation about why you said that. yeah i wanted to ask. him so badly i didn't. understand what it was who was it. that's so not like you to. not ask how nice all the clothing. is i think i just wanted to. get out of the situation. i also just copped a lot. of stuff from there. cuz they had a sale okay so you're going to. be seeing qu you're going. to be seeing quite a. bit okay of these things. that's fine it is kind of weird. to be uh wearing sweatpants during the day. the whole time but i do that. it's a whole suit. baby i do that. and i have the hoodie version of this. okay if you were a if you were a chick. would you be on only fans. and i don't even mean. would you show everything i have a really really quick. and readymade answer for you but i wanted. before i even answered i wanted. you to know yeah the rarely. is there such a definitive answer. yeah the answer is no. no the answer is 100%. yes oh 100% absolutely yes. yeah cuz you don't even. have to show anything. you can you show feet just collect. so much money is that crazy. we actually talk about this. the other day but like it's not. life for a hot chick. is so easy it can. be right if you're not so [ __ ] up in the head cuz sometimes i don't i actually have to. say i don't know why every hot. woman isn't absolutely crazy because wait. wait wait because the world can you say. that again i'm sorry. i i want to. make sure i understand. to be a hot woman. could you imagine but but no. say the thing you said i want. to i want to. understand make sure sure i understand what you said. i can't believe every hot. woman isn't absolutely insane you. can't believe they're not okay. yeah okay yeah got because of the way. people treat them i agree. right yeah so it's like it's like you don't expect you meet uh brad. pit you don't expect him. to be normal right. well no but but for a lot. of reasons right right yeah but that's the male version of it. right but even brad. pit who wouldn't be successful. he still looks like that. no i'm talking about the fame. stuff you are talking yes. i yes i'm talking about the fame. stuff okay yeah um like you don't expect you know. shy labuff to be normal. he's been famous since he was 14. you know yeah he's completely crazy. i mean whatever so it's like when you see. a really beautiful woman who's already. at this point 35 you're like oh well she's got to. be insane right and you're saying when they're not it's astounding is. that saying yeah okay yeah yeah. because because of what you presume. their life experience to. have been right yeah yes the the power. that they hold that they either. realize they have or they don't realize they have well it's also on the way. men treat beautiful women so skewed yeah it's crazy. so they're it's like you got no. chance if you it's both. sides yeah it's not yeah it's not just women. but isn't that what you're saying. is why they have that. skewed sense cuz they're treated so differently. than most people yeah yeah okay i'm just making sure. yeah yeah yeah yeah and so uh so but what they don't. what some don't understand. understand is how easy life can be for you. if you are that and they and they and they and they and why and why oh wow. dude cutting room floor. brian gumble you know. and why and why why oh dude. why remember because like if you're a hot. woman and you're 26 and you're somewhere. you don't have to. do anything everyone else will do it for you. and then all also you can just be a millionaire. you well that's the last thing. you said is the thing. that you can be a millionaire. right dude if you're beautiful. and a woman and you're not a millionaire. what's wrong with you dude. and you want to. be a millionaire. well right right right and you want to. be a millionaire. yeah then then if you yeah exactly. if you're like oh i wish i had more money like there's there's a very that's all. i'm saying there's a couple very clear. paths for you to. do such and and you by the way. you don't even have to. show your your naked body. you have you don't have to. do that you that you can simply. just be can we talk about feet. though what is the feet. then what is the foot fish. i don't know i don't have it. some of my friends have it they do. yeah one one friend i don't think i know i'm sure. i know people that have it. but nobody i know has ever said said. it to to. me that i know like i don't i don't have it. at all feet and i guess. this is part of it. but they like touch the ground. they get dirty i don't think that. is part of it it's not part. of the dominance thing no i don't. think so oh really i don't think so i think a feet. f a foot fetish. is just a a a body part. that like yeah like me and arms yeah. interesting or me and [ __ ] oops. stup all right you want to. go into a submission. or what let's do it. it's like me and balls. and& [ __ ] oh [ __ ] this the [ __ ] what's up chris what's up matt lee here g absolutely love. you guys you're hilarious. always making me and my girlfriend. um laugh all the time. always watch on lifeline. and if not lifeline we're on congratulations. so thank you guys you're amazing. quick question for you so i work in a luxury. market i sell luxury. cars land rover and jaguar. and i work with this. guy and he is absolutely. and most utterly not funny. his joke delivery is terrible. but he always makes the same. joke that he doesn't like me usually if somebody would make that joke. more than two to. three times it starts to. feel personal sure so i'm not really sure what i should do. obviously if this were to. be in the street or something. i would tell him to. do something about it. but because i'm at work and i have to. keep a professional approach and not like a weird. tension in the air um is there. something funny i could say to. him to just absolutely shut him. up or you know. do you guys think i should get serious. with him but then again i don't want to. make it weird so uh i would just love to. know what you guys think. u but other than that. keep doing what you're doing. love you guys thank you. so much thanks bro dude. that guy's cool dude. yeah cool look at him. he looks so cool he's cool. dude yeah and he's bet he's so good. at his job sometimes guys are cool. huh yeah well you look at a guy. like that though and you're like oh you get why. uh like it i always think it's so interesting. like that guy could be successful. probably in a lot of different. areas yeah i know that and it's like. you know who i always think about that. is our our friend jeff we have a friend. jeff got it yeah yeah i know him right yeah for sure um yeah and it's like and and some people are just born to. do like me i could not. be success i could be successful. in some things but very few yeah. one comedy no there. are my mind is crazy. what else could you you're so. lucky that's a thing oh you don't think that. saying saying oh so dumb. you don't you don't think that. i think that about you i always thought about you like if that. didn't exist oh you'd be a straight hobo. oh riding the rails. you know oh the dharma bumps saying. oh is honestly saying oh about anything. is so dumb sounding. dude just oh oh yeah dude. i i don't know but you're amaz. you're like a savant that's what i mean. though like understand not amazing. at the one thing and then it's like they're inept at other. things that's you is it. kind of that way yeah. yeah yeah um yeah no maybe but i know. what you're saying about guys who are like you. could be anything yeah yeah yeah true. no i'm not like that. but anyway because sales is across like generally that's for sales. sales right right and that's so many different. businesses making a livings making livings in. livings color so um all right. so i don't think you should try. to make a joke. about it cuz then you sound passive aggressive and it'll get lost. and it'll get messy. and it'll be weird anyway dude. i did the most passive aggressive thing. the other day oh my god. go ahead bro and i think i'll i think i'll i it this. is the definition. of passive aggressive and i didn't realize it. until i got called out and guess what i'm going. to keep doing it. cuz it's so dope oh okay. okay so there we go but what is it. but but that's why i wanted to. start the the the story i understand. okay and we then we'll get back. to the guy yes i understand. okay yeah the gta. character so um hey man. want to buy a car. yeah that's it just slowly. walking in a circle half. circle away from you yeah come on man. let me show you i think i got the right. thing for you hey watch out. he says right after that connected. to nothing you did okay. um so i we were in arizona. me and uh and kristen i think it. was uh i think it was just us. in the car yeah it. was and i was like how do you get there. so we have a thing. in our relationship when i when whoever drives the other person. will look up the directions. on the phone and when i say that. i'm realizing in the middle of me. talking about it that's wrong. and not true okay it. seemed like something tripped you up. okay now i get it. uh because she's always the one. that looks up the directions. no matter what even if she's driving and i always want. to be the one that is i'll i'll do it. you drive she says no. i like to use my [ __ ] oh okay all right. fine but she's always the one that looks up. the thing no matter what cuz i always want. to use the car. one she doesn't want this. she's like you're an old guy. i want to. use my phone that's such an old. guy thing who uses their actual. cars you know why i like to. do it you know why. i like to do it. because i like i don't like apple. play and then i like to. do hey hey mercedes go home. yes direct tell your car. telling your car to. leave you oh no so anyway get out. so anyway um uh she's doing the thing we don't know. where we're going we got to. go to the desert ridge improv. we got to go. see uh brian ken you know oh okay and um and she we get to. the first turn the first right. or left okay now i don't know where i'm going. right she's doing that on the with pokemons oh. okay no i sit at the stop sign. and i go and i go like this. uhhuh i mean okay she and she's not even. realizing what's going on at all i'm like i'm just going. to wait as long as i and where's the mad meter. then i the mad meter. yeah oh dude it's a good. thing we have a sunroof. oh you're a pissed oh dude. okay you you don't think it's funny. at all that that's happening. because it happens too much. oh okay okay didn't know that. nice to meet you okay. yeah welcome to the world. so so uh so she is doing it. and i go she's not looking at me. but i want her to. look at me now because i want to. get there i don't want to. be late but also i want to. really land this [ __ ] passive aggressive [ __ ] so i smile dude. i just go okay. that's scary but i know. and then finally she goes jesus. what i say i don't know. where to go and what. how do she laugh she goes. babe come on that's so passive aggressive just tell me. yeah she said just say just say hey which way. do i go right. i know she is okay yeah yeah yeah okay. and any point did you express anger. at her no okay good but does matter. no no then you did it. right i'm no i did do it. right but doesn't matter because she's going to. be she's going to. be upset oh that's no good yeah. okay sorry kristen how many in your head. have you done to. a girlfriend of yours where you go. like okay you got to. be as nice as you possibly. can god you got be story of my life. hi sweetheart it might not be the best. idea to leave the door. open because the dog can run. away and she just you go oh well [ __ ] man or why dides you say it so shitty and you're like i i actually in my head made it to. where okay chris don't do. the thing in my experience it's actually not even. the the crying it's like oh okay i know i did. it wrong but still i mean. you know so hard on yourself. so it's [ __ ] stupid so anyway that that guy you should definitely just approach the person. and be real and and and be yeah you're dressed like be real. so be but first be like look i don't want it. to be weird at all. like be as straightforward. and real about that. cuz that's true you're like i don't want this. to be weird at all. but like what's up. with like the joke. you always make about that. like i i wonder what he does. i'm starting to. feel like is something is everything. all right like that's not that's not even. making it weird if you do that. there's a way to. be weird about that but it's not intrinsically. necessarily weird okay so just like go into. the thing knowing it's not weird. present it upfront as like you want to. make sure it's not weird. and it won't be weird. and just ask him. yeah i wonder what he says. i he says he make jokes. about how he doesn't like him. that's yeah which here's the it. always come back to. the same thing for me. man this guy's like i'm starting. to take it personally. and here's why he's taking it. personally the guy's not funny right. be funny if you want to. try to be funny. actually you have to. be i did but it's it's what. it's like i always it. always comes up if you don't want to. be a dick be funny. instead but if you're not funny. you're always going to. be a dick yep. you don't rectangle rectang square. it's like that thing it's yeah. it's not just oh if i make a joke. then it's funny no you have to. be funny on top of that. the there the joke. itself means nothing if the vessel itself. isn't able to make it you're right. i mean how many times have you made a joke. and it didn't land. and you're like uh a [ __ ] bro i didn't i i didn't mean that i was trying to. be funny right not mean never it. always works but still no. yeah exactly i've seenly do that. i'm saying me it's never happened. to me ever in my life. i was saying yes because yes of course i've seen you exhibit that. behavior because it always happens. to you but that is a thing. that is not done by. me but mostly you no. it's done you understand. what it is because you do it. understand what because brother and i have no. idea what it is to. experience the only reason why it doesn't happen. with you sometimes because you learn from me. but anyway dude we're honestly we're such brothers yeah. yeah g absolutely throttle me. the minute the second after he says we cut the episode. are we good have a broken. i'm going to have a broken. skull all right broken skull. for a number of reasons. okay uh next hey what's up. y'all um i'm a big fan. uh my name is draven. i'm coming from san that's sick. and uh i was watching your latest episode and i saw the guy. he was talking about how he looks at reviews. before he watches a movie which is hilarious. because my ex would always want to. watch like the shittiest movies. and uh i would be like yeah we'll watch it. if it has more than 67% on. rotten tomatoes and people say what they will about rotten. tomatoes but i feel like i find that. typically typically uh there's a few movies. that have like 30% that i love yeah. uh but but typically i'm in line. with like rotten tomatoes which is so probably you know telling of who i am but whatever. uh yeah who cares. i was curious about you know we have our. favorite actors some of my favorite actors are among. like it's like uh has never seen. a movie realizing now see kristoff waltz. oh wow jesse eisenberg wow. ryan gosling everybody's got to. love ryan gosling uh i'm into. keano reeves now i'm loving his stuff. we don't the list but anyway. obviously leonardo dicaprio and and a lot. of these are big names. that i'll probably get hate from all. the hipsters and [ __ ] that's okay you're good man. i was curious who are some of y'all's favorite. actors of all time and what do you think draws. you to that uh i'll watch anything. douglas that class of actor you know. camp if you will what what brings you to. that actor and what makes them. your favorite you know. yep uh i know chris has said in the past. he's a big keano. fan big uh alucino fan. who's not yeah of course uh but matt i'd be. interested to get your perspective. on this yeah let me. know so i i i genu i do i love k. reeves love bruce willis love. you know but i will genuinely genuinely watch. anything with michael douglas in it. anything anything there's no other person. there's no other actor like that. for me you know what's up. with michael douglas what he's he. is a great actor but he's also he just is a great. movie star and there's that's difference right. it's like denzel kind of yeah. well denzel that the crazy. thing about denzel he's a true. unicorn he's cuz he's a phenomenal. actor he's like a the best. actor in history and movie so for me. that is my you're saying michael douglas. that's who it is for me. i would watch denzel was you. watch the mc beth one. he did i did watch it. wow you watch fences i saw fences i literally will see and i've seen all the equalizer. movies too now but the there. are a couple others. i guess book of eli. i saw book of eli. that's truly trash trash. movie safe house is is cool he when he he has a that's the best. death scene i've ever seen. that's what i said really. yeah i said the same. exact thing yeah he i thought. he died the best yeah. he really died the best. dying on screen acting is in safe house. and you said this yes dude. we must have talked about this. it is probably oh you know. what we saw it. together maybe i don't know bro. but i i actually was like saw i actually was like wow it. looks like he died he just is sitting there. against the the the wall and just goes he's kind of crumpled. up on it yeah. yeah and there's a moment. where you're like he doesn't even. really do much but there's a moment. where he does it and you're like oh he died. oh you think oh denzel washington died. he's dead yeah yeah rip. check on denzel rip. but yeah he's uh he's the one. for me there are other actors that i love. lesser known actors that i love. there's this dude named shay wigam. well he's great yeah he's phenomenal. yeah if you don't know. who he is he's he he's ste sh's brother. on bordwalk empire he's probably what he's most. known for but he's in a ton. of [ __ ] uh nicholas cage is that way he's in a ton. of true trash but that's the thing. it's michael douglas i will. i will watch a romantic. comedy with michael douglas. the american president i would watch any yeah i would turn absolutely something. about michael douglas i think he's he's a he's such a quintessential. man to. me you know one. of the reason why i like bruce willis. so is his dad. that's weird actually both father. and son actors are like very much like t classic. prototypical male yeah specimen male specimen don't do. that i say male specimen. i don't like that i like to. say male specimen who did that. who did that it's uh what's his name. is it uh the guys on in living color. no um uh ladies man oh my god wow. love love the best. snl movie spinoff everybody. everybody loves to. p with me for this. but i think it's it's so fun. ladies men ladies men is. so funny yeah uh all right. uh so yeah so what was his. question though oh who do we like yeah. michael douglas anybody else. well yeah k nicholas c. anybody didn't say yeah no um no just i mean. trying to think of anybody. young like a young actor that i i mean ryan i love ryan go great. but yeah great he's 43. um knows everything about ryan gosling. jake jake gyllenhaal's great. um but people i'll see in anything. there might only be one in that's washington yeah. if there was one it's michael douglas. for sure that's cool all right. we did it great. job mg is still alive. huh hey matt hey chris. uh shout out to. lifeline luxury love you guys hell. yeah so i know that. we've talked about people who are waiting. in line and when they get up. to cash register they take forever. to order well i was just in line. for the atm and that. was the most infuriating thing. when someone went up to. take their money out and they just [ __ ] around and then it's like they didn't know how much they wanted to. take out when they got there crazy. you take out one. amount know what you want to. take out when you get there. yeah of course so i just want to. know if i'm the only person that got super [ __ ] angry. or maybe i just need to. chill out i just remember and real quick i do have a oops. button from chris and i was just wondering when we're going. to get the bing bong button from m that. would i would buy that button so fast. love you guys dude. what what how have i never even. thought of that bing what do. you think of that when i go. bing i don't the amount that's good. what's the amount that. you take out so wanted me. to stop talking about the bing bong. button but okay what's the amount that. you were uh that i take out. you said there's one amount well. no no he's saying know. the amount no but i was i i actually misspoke. because there is one. amount that i do and i don't think. that's right for everyone no. yeah right no because here's why. i do one amount always and i take out. uh 300 bucks always but but i probably do it. once you don't ever get cash never i like having like a little bit of cash on me. i but i do i like because i get paid. in cash sometimes i don't that's why you see me with the briss in hand. okay i don't like i for whatever. this is so old school. to me this is so like dad of me. but i don't really like depositing bigger. checks on mobile i like going to. the atm to. do it okay call me. crazy i just do you don't go. into the bank well i don't like to. go to a teller. ever dude really yeah oh i love doing that. okay anyway i went i went to. the atm to. deposit some checks i go in the bank. they have the teller. like the automated tellers yeah it's not. really an atm machine. but it is okay. anyway so i'm waiting on there's this one guy one. guy at the machine. and there's that's it. there's actually nobody else even in the bank. okay so i'm behind him. i'm like obviously i'm not one. of those people that's going to. crowd i like i'm like six feet. behind this guy you stay far. back enough i'm as far back. as i can actually get because there's that. island where you fill there's the checking deposit slip. the savings slip i'm all. the way back against that the whole time. this guy's at the thing it's taken. too long okay taking way. too long the whole. time he's looking back. at me like this oh god. and i'm and i realized like oh is he paranoid. so i then i'm like okay. i'm gna like move my. eyes so he doesn't even think i'm do. right right right right the guy thinks he's invisible. and then he's taking too long. and i'm like trying to. really bite my tongue like this. i can't do that anymore. anyway he finally finishes up. he looks back at me. and he says the line's over. there i look to. where he's pointing to. where the line is and no one's in it. so he just wants you. to stand where you're supposed. to stand yes and i it took me to. a little bit too long. to process what he even meant. right right cuz usually you like to. do the slamh right on the spot. right and then if you miss if you miss your slamh. moment it's gone you're like me though. it took too long. you're like me though. you want to. make sure you're not being a dick. for no reason and i was like wait so sometimes. it takes a little bit and it took me a while. i was like i was like what what does. he even think was h. and and and by the time. he like got to. the door it was slamh opportunity. was already gone yeah hey by by the way yeah exactly you can't do that. the line was where i wanted. there was nobody in the bank. so it's just like why are why. are people this way i people out. there who are that way. why are you this. way i i always wondered everyone. wants to know i always wondered when i was going. to start really confronting. people and i it it because you see old guys and they're like move. oh yeah yeah when am i going. to be like that because tell you what i'm gonna be like that. oh it hasn't happened yet. i'm like that already yeah. it did yeah and i i and there's been hints. of it with me where i go. hey what are you doing. this that it officially happened. the other day okay i was in line. at the valet for my own. show i i wasn't going. to give the card valy i was going. to park in my spot. but the valley was in the way. right oh okay and i was like uh the guy was taking too long. first of all the guy was taking to. long to get out of the car. okay the ballet guy no the guy the guy. who had the car oh okay. and so i was like what the [ __ ] is going on and then so i roll down the window and i say hey um what's going on is it you know is everything good or you know and they're like yeah we got it and then i hear the valet guys. say to the guy. like yo we got a lineb and up. like you god people like it's taking entirely. too long the guy. gets out walks around the the other side. of the car i can't. see him okay the valet. guy is now at the passenger. or at the uh driver's side. not in it but with the door. open talking to the dude. through the car on the other side. right okay the guy parked and and i'm like well this is we'll wrap. up in two seconds so i don't have to. say anything sure yeah again. now even that takes entirely. too long can you hear. anything no no no no i can't hear anything. so i'm like i already said one. thing i heard myself say. hey move the car it. just popped out like i didn't realize i said it. he's like breathing it. just happened i couldn't i could i said hey move. the car huh. wow and the guy turned to. me and he said hey man. i why don't you relax. the valet guy oh the valet. guy yeah he got in the mix jeez and i'm like well. we got to move. the car man yeah yeah like what's going on. and he like i can't man. i can't right now and i was like okay. you know cuz also that i'm me. you know so i don't want it. to be like sure oh chris le is yelling. at a [ __ ] ballet guy right so so i get out of the car i park and i'm like i got to. say something to. the guy which guy i can't just let that. go like that the valet. guy yeah because what was happening. see that's the difference between you and me. i don't care yeah no. i i got it i just want to. get what i get no i i got to. know you know why i got to. know because what if something actually was going. on i need to. be like oh [ __ ] my bad genuinely okay we can assume something was probably going on though right anyway go ahead yeah yeah we can assume something was going on but what though. see that's what that's what i'm saying. i don't care i couldn't. get my big red out of the center. console big red lose my. mind right okay so what you asked. him so i walk up. and i say buddy. you could have moved the car like what. the [ __ ] and he was like yeah man i actually couldn't and i was like huh. wow and he says because somebody stole a car the guy. had the car stolen and uh he needed to. show me how to. use the key because it wasn't working. because how the car was stolen and they ed. the key and i'm just like okay. well obviously there was just some reason. so now i know what's going on. and now i know what should have. happened what should have happened. was the valet guy. should have said hey there. there's actually something wrong with the car. sorry but he jumped. to to you yeah and then he was like chill. bro chill bro well he was probably. already fr already aware. he was holding everything up. yeah so so then i do the show oh wow. okay and i'm like you know. what [ __ ] it it's not. worth it it's stupid. i feel bad uhhuh i walk. out and i say to. the guy you know. in my head i've got this romantic. version of hey dude. sorry i got mad and he's be like dude. that's all right the car. was like this i'm sorry. too you know y. y cuz in my head he's still kind of in the wrong. of course okay he is yeah. um i come out and i say hey man. i say sorry i got so mad he was like that's fine. i'm not tripping wait that bothered you. that's not acceptable why why. why is that bad that. seems okay say more. like what i'm sorry yeah and also don't say. it's all right i'm not tripping. but what that means is it's water. under the bridge it's i know. but also say like yeah i shouldn't have snapped. so you want okay. yeah yeah yeah anyway did you say that. the ob actually you should come. on but now we see this. you know yeah i should i should i i should say. the guy actually seemed like a a good dude. like the guy yeah he just seemed like he was like [ __ ] annoyed you. know yeah yeah yeah but i don't know. man it's weird people don't say don't do that. you know people don't say sorry. and a woman people don't do wow. you know s deeper. people don't do ever people. don't ever do what you want. them to do so put that. in your pipe and smoke. all right i don't want you. say that next one how about that next one. yo what is up. chris and matt big fan. of the podcast chrisk you been listening. since day one of congratulations. that's cool all right. guys so here's my dilemma. i'm in a new apartment. where my downstairs neighbor. is piece of [ __ ] um i'm on my fourth complaint by him by not even being that loud whatsoever. so i'll have my speaker on at 50% and next thing i know got the apartment. complex calling me the qui hours. between 10:00 p.m. and 8:00. a.m. i'm being disruptive around. 4:00 p.m. and 10: in the morning. so normal hours of living okay um how do youall go about the situation. do i stomp like an elephant. and say [ __ ] you to. my neighbor or i don't know go put a no on his door or i don't know how to. handle this you guys looking. forward to answers till next time have a feeling about this already. i've thought about this kinds of things. i us to. live in apartment and [ __ ] but like i i i think that it's the unfortunate thing unless it's super egregious. see i okay so what i want. to say is it's just part. of living in an apartment. if somebody thinks it's too. loud you should turn it. lower but then i'm like also if you're a neighbor and someone's playing their music let them play their [ __ ] music get over it here's the [ __ ] up if it's too loud obviously yeah but here's the [ __ ] up thing i used to. live in the loft and uh i lived there for a really long time. and people would come and go in the other units. on my floor and a few years. in at first when i moved in the people. in the apartment next to. mine would play music. really loud so much so that the top. level of the loft where i would sleep the wall would shake that's crazy. it was crazy but they lived there. before me oh so i was like still still and then and then it they moved. out in like five months. oh okay so i lived there. for many years then about three years. later uh another couple movies in they're actually really nice they introduce themselves. to me whatever but i notice that. at certain hours of the night. assuming it's when they like are watching a movie. together there's just this subway. it's like there's a subwo in my head. it's it's shaking the wall it's rattling. the bed it's just like what. fart how loud are they wow. you know so im. mature how loud are they playing this. and at and then at a certain point. i was like i can't not like such a like loser. if i don't go talk to. them yeah yeah yeah i start. feeling like that too. yeah you got to. say something just also i don't want to. let let let him live let him. live let him live but then it's like well. let me live too right. because also you'd want somebody to. say it to. you i i think i would right. so i go over there. and i complain and he's nice about it. he's like what do you mean. you complain well i'm just like hey i don't know. but like it's really i tell him. i just tell him what's going. on he's like oh okay. cool yeah wow okay and i realized he doesn't think. he was playing it loud. impression and i'm like but whatever okay thanks. he turns it down okay. next night maybe the one next night. after that same exact. thing w i go over. there again i'm like hey dude i don't know since we're like trying. to figure this out like and he's like he's like you me. to tell me your wall. is shaking yeah and i was like yeah. and he's clearly not like believing. me i don't know if i would either and i'm like i don't really give a [ __ ] if he believes me. and he's like he's like all right. well why don't you come. in like i'm going to. show you we get in he puts. he hits playing the movie. it's the most tame really volume. ever dude what my point. is sometimes it's just the way. shit's built dude the neighbor thinks you're being loud not because you are so don't think that like the neighbors being an [ __ ] something about the building might be amplifying it beneath. you so what did you so what did. you do then i was like dude. i don't know what to. do we decided we realized it was just the placement of the speaker was on the ground. in a certain corner making the wall. like it was like where the speaker. was not at all the volume. yeah did you ever have. him come over to. your place and hear the wall. shake and then [ __ ] him well we [ __ ] but he didn't come check the wall weck his place we made the wall shake but not uh with the subwoofer yeah check it out check it out my wall come in yeah it's definitely shaking is that crazy. so stupid watch yeah. so my point is maybe the person's not. a terrible person it's just like the way. your buildings built i had a neighbor like that that was below me and below me that was below me and she was you know like 60 and i can't remember why but she invited me to. her apartment once to. show me something or something. sound sexual it wasn't but um and she was like this. is my peach palace into. the like she was a [ __ ] like it was super mario brothers. and i walked in and everything. was peach color yes and no the fruit. we ate it all peaches everywhere. and um everything was peach and she had like glamour. shots of her when she was younger. oh wow it was crazy. wild what did you get scared. for a second like you thought n because she was like really old not not just her. age but right right right i got it. an old 60 yeah yeah. okay all right no yeah. all right next one but yeah wait holdor yeah. we should say some advice. what was it which i think is you can write. a note back if you think someone's complaining too much. a note is is fine. and cool and just be don't be confrontational. though just be like hey if you would like to. come over and check out. how not loud this is i'm open. to it but maybe we can avoid the official. channel because i don't think i play my music. loud you know be reasonable and then if they're not reasonable back then. you can escalate because you have no. choice equalizer then you can equalize. but yeah try being reasonable. okay appeal to reason. all right hi guys love. the show um chris i have a question. for you so uh i watched the golden hour. and i see your friendship. with brendan and it's a lot. like mine and my husband's when it comes. to saying i'm gay me. trying to explain something. and they're you know brendan's like getting. it all wrong or just not understanding. and we're always like that's not what i'm saying. when i'm saying is and i'm like i have those. conversations so much so i just want to. know like how do you make your point. across to someone who is. not understanding what you're. saying and you're explaining it. over and over and you're like am. i crazy or you don't. humor humor have do it. because i need to. learn you don't do it bye. thanks people won't understand. you sucks you know what i'm saying. yep i mean we do that. yeah but i think it's fun. to do that that's that's that's the pro. that's the difference like i think it's fun. to to to try and explain something. to someone if they're not getting. it i think it's even more fun. and so what so she's like how do you she's say. but no i understand what she's asking but she's saying and or rather. implying that it obviously is. a problem for her and her husband right. have fun with it have fun. with it is that's what i do. yeah yeah yeah that's it. and that's it and i've thought about this. a lot and that's it. it's also just to. expand on that like the way. sometimes when you're like have fun. with it and someone's like but it's you kind of have to. explain how you can do. that and one way to. do that is like of all. people in the world i would assume your husband. is the one you're most interested. in he has a mind. that is incapable of understanding. things the way your mind. does that is interesting. try to get at or get into. get inside the way. his mind works and have fun. with that is what i think he's saying yeah. okay cool all right. or have fun with divorce. you know yeah or or get a divorce. see how fun that is a children's book. all right next one hey guys quick. video so much coke. um my wife does something. that annoys the living hell out. of me and i can't. [ __ ] talk her for it because she's my wife i want to. love her well sure sure okay but the problem is anytime that i that's annoying. like have a matter of fact. like oh i didn't know that. she will claim that she does. know that for example i will look at a playground. be like i didn't know they had a really long slide. there and she like you didn't know that. oh and she does it. on everything and the thing that makes me the most mad. is half the time i know. she doesn't know that that specific. park has a slide well that's what makes it. the worst everything how how do you know. that what is a spin move. that i can do to. not be a dick. to my wife but also let her know there in lies. the rub right love you. guys matt you're smarter chris. you're funnier someone had to. say if you when you get when you get when you get to. the i mean it's so going. to get to the point. where he he just go. he just like snaps he just he say like no. you don't you know which is what he wants. toid yeah uh you came to. the right place you really did bro. i couldn't not yeah you didn't know. that did you i i would do that. i i have done that. i mean i i will bring it. up a day later if it like i would i would bring it. up again there's no way. could let that go [ __ ] i'm annoying. but i think maybe maybe like or maybe even act like you think it's funny. and be like wait wait wait wait wait but you didn't know. that right like like that right. or something like you you can't. here's the thing you can't. keep letting it slide and do nothing cuz like he was saying. like my brother was saying you will. snap nah you know what you do. you will snap if you don't release. that valve i know what you do. okay go ahead when did you learn. that when did you learn. that you're playing with fire. though yeah i know okay but why why am i playing with fire. you're playing with fire because what that does. yeah no y okay so i got a brle for that. because i thought that what we going. to say okay when did you learn. that so close. to me when you put your when did you learn. that why why did you want. to know when i learned. that cuz you think i'm lying. no i want to. know if i was with you or not. and wasn't paying attention. because i need to. work on that and because you're he what he was saying. the way it goes down. was she says you didn't know. that you could also say because i want to. know why i didn't know that. yeah there you go. bring it back on. you yeah dude yeah if you make it about you it's always okay. if you make it about her you're going. to get a divorce. she's going to divorce. you yeah be careful. yeah cuz that's for me. that is maddening and i would just get in a fight. about it i guess. yes i can relate to. that not that exactly that exact. kind of thing doesn't bother. me but if i'll say something about like some fact of the world that i don't think the person i'm talking to. know knows and they're like but you didn't know. that i'm like no [ __ ] neither neither did you well. i would do that yeah. now i know it and you don't so why. you acting like it's the other way. around right right right right. right right right right right. right this is not opposite. day no you can't fool. me we don't gaslight here it's it's always the same. day or whatever the opposite. of at the end yeah. that was a good one. good great great uh great. great great question that's that. that actually gets me to. my core that's maddening though. yeah you're upset by that. what like why would you pretend. you know something if you don't know. something i mean i know. why i don't you know. what's really hear me. out i and i'm not i'm not playing devil's. advocate i really believe this. i think sometimes people do that. and they don't realize they've done. it until they said it already. yeah i agree and then so what so what. i guess further advice would be that. might be what's going on. did you realize you said that. so be careful because you might again. you're playing with fire you might be treading into. territory where even she doesn't know. what she said that. would be amazing if you said did you realize what. you just said then did you mean. it did you mean what you just said. so yeah it could be just literally a way. sometimes people communicate in ways. they use for phrases and yeah. sometimes you just say that. just doesn't even it's not. even what they mean it's hard. to communicate with people so like yeah keep that in mind. as well all right next. hey what's up matt and chris. big fan of the show. um just i'm gonna try to. make it quick for you. guys i moved uh to. nashville about three months. ago with my girlfriend and it turned out. that my buddy from college. was moving to town at around. the same time oh no so we were. really excited about that i play. music down in nashville. um every weekend and i was playing a gig. one night and my girlfriend and my buddy. they both came out to. see me play i have to. play for four hours straight. so i can't really hang out yeah. so you know after they watched me. play for a bit they went. and bar hopped and the next day. my girlfriend brings up to. me that my buddy had told her some stuff. that i had said to. my buddy in private uh basically my friend was talking about how there's a lot of pretty girls. nashville and i essentially agreed. with him but you know. i followed it up by saying like you know i would never do anything. but you know i do see them. this so he had like drunkenly like talked to. her about that i guess. and so obviously she's upset. and she feels like she her. trust is being tested. and you know my initial reaction um i'm pissed. at my buddy like why would you [ __ ] say that. um i don't really trust him. anymore and i yeah you know obviously i got to. be careful about what i say. and but this is just like causing. damage that didn't need to. happen um wanted to. hear you guys' thoughts. on it hope to. hear from you let me. tell you have a great. day let me tell you something. let me tell you something. this is this is really i'm with kristen's. friend and kristen says something. and kristen's friend says hey uh kristen said there's a lot. of hot guys at uh where we live. and how she would never do. anything but also like she's [ __ ] like wow man sometimes it puts her to. the test mhm i i i swear. to god i look at that. friend and i say [ __ ] you yeah right totally yeah yeah why are you causing. a problem yeah what the [ __ ] are you doing couldn't agree more yep dude that's what your woman. should be doing but if she doesn't which most people. don't they go what the heck. well let's not it's not get it. [ __ ] twisted friend is the [ __ ] 100% it's not twisted yeah okay yeah the friend is just saying that because oh dude guys are [ __ ] up when it comes to. chicks like that man. dumb [ __ ] i wonder if that he confronted him. yet is he asking what does. he do deal it kind of yeah. i don't even know if you asked i. i got blind with rage. so i don't even know. what the end of of it. was i think it was like what. would you do uh generally but because yeah. he didn't ask like a specific thing. about how do i do this. make a song about it. you're in n dude. yeah yeah but dude. can't believe my best. friend that i think hot. girls in nashville you're an adult. i mean i'm playing it. for four hours and you went bar. hopping and you told her you got so drunk. and you told her and she didn't. say what the [ __ ] [ __ ] you but it's not her fault let's not get it twisted it's your fault. this [ __ ] friend of yours from college. deserves to have no. more friends yeah so be start that trend. where you help him. have less friends friend be the first one on his way. to friendlessness okay he deserves no. friends why do you people do that well you know why. guys do it generally i don't know. if this is why he did it. but the guy's trying to. get in there that's so that's even. more [ __ ] up it is more [ __ ] up you have to. assume oh you're trying to. get in there oh nice you're trying. to get in there well. friendless let's let's give him the benefit of i'm trying. to get in there now got to. be friendless let's give him. the benefit of doubt he thinks that it's not that. big of a deal that. he said that okay. [ __ ] stupid then he's stupid yeah because why why even like risk that that's not the right word but you know what i mean like shut the [ __ ] up talk about something else yeah why do that why rock the boat that's [ __ ] up sit down you're rocking sit down sit down sit down you're rocking the boat sit down you're rocking sit down sit down you're rocking the boat sit down you're rocking the boat. it's from hs pen 4. wow i knew that yeah and i did. the uh harmony part. nice that's not the okay. melody harmony oh great. um yeah it goes sit down. your rock sit down sit down. sit down your rock in the boat. sit down your rock in the mr. kel the boat mr kelsey. sit down your rock in the boat. that's the har harmony. part you know what's weird about that. is i oh [ __ ] he died. of cancer okay sad. mom the the what i was just thinking about hms. sp4 that production of it. what because of h. yeah halal fell his foot fell. in a bucket right. cried laughing cried laughing he fell because he wouldn't he didn't. get black you needed to. have black shoes but he was like but they were like what if you don't have the money. to get black shoes. sure they like put black socks. over it put black socks. over his white idea fell cried. laughing cuz it was the stage. is slippery it's a theater. stage he's wearing a sock. yeah that's what i'm saying. yeah doubly bad yeah absolutely. funny would be funny if he fell anyway. but the reason why he fell added. to it cried couldn't help. it laughed everyone else was. singing i was not doing anything. but laughing oh you were laughing. on stage oh i was crying. laughing on stage everyone else was like oh and i was like that crying. dude it was so funny. hal was nice huh. halal is nice halal. is still my friend and he's awesome. i don't mean he died. i didn't know you still talk. to him no he's the best. he's the best i remember him. being a sweetheart yeah oh he's the best. he's the best yeah. sit down you're rocking sit. down sit down you're rocking. the boat sit down. you're rocking the boat. that my part so anyway um i think i think we're done. with you doing that yeah i think yeah you're done. doing that you think so both. pretty sure melody and harmony. yeah all of it yeah. okay melody and harmony. two strippers all right uh mel welome to. the stage melody m to. the stage harmony should we do dude. you know what the best. stripper song is for real what. is it that the one. i was doing but what uh wow. i'm blanking on the other song. the 9 in nails. closer i want to. [ __ ] you like an animal so bad the way you're doing it i want to. wow that hurts so bad. yeah i want to. feel you from the insane. just oh a smoker yeah. uh that's a good really top. five for sure yeah that that that one plays well not anymore. maybe i who the hell knows. what they play now. in stri it's possible. now i would walk into. club and be like what is any of the yeah. what are any of these songs. unless it's like you know they still have the classics. but but years and years and years ago. uh i remember i was at a strip. club and they played closer. three different times in like 30. minutes or something like get i love. this song but do a different one. mhm all the same. customers it probably sucks when you're a stripper and then they come on. and somebody uses the song. you're like great now i can't. do the [ __ ] song you think it's like yeah yeah but i got some [ __ ] up my sleeve for that if that were to. happen i got some songs that. nobody would use that i know. are really sexy that i would [ __ ] swing around. my [ __ ] okay man you know i'm just saying it was thunder down under not stripping obviously i wouldn't be in a female strip club with females. i would be in a in a dude. one and i would be swinging. my [ __ ] [ __ ] around and i i know what songs i would be using [ __ ] swingers. the songs no no the name. yeah whatever the the place. would be called [ __ ] swingers. but i would pick probably what. is does anyone know. besides chip andell's thunder down under any like famous. or popular like male stripper things. cuz there's a bunch of obviously strip. clubs that have famous names. but what are the male ones. is that it chi. andals thunder down all i know. is chi andale and thunder down under do you know. butler's in the buff no. is that really one. butler are they old and fat like butlers or actual. like buters in the buff. are private dancers that oh we got with two or three. of them go to. female or male got parties. and like they dress as sexy butlers. and like serve okay. people at the party as like sexy. butlers like they're being butlers. but in basically naked buts. in the buff how funny. is that would you like an od. derve basically oh oh that's why. p this yeah basically like that. dude this is how this is the song. i would pick there's dick. swinging around you know what i mean. just like know like this. just that's terrible like that. just like this so uncomfortable. the worst the worst dude. just [ __ ] straight up you know how dope that would be oh they already used the [ __ ] song by trent resar. this sucks dude and what the hell. are we going to. do oh [ __ ] that sucks dude. oh del it's you oh great. h you know give me the hit that come out. chain's going crazy like chain's going. crazy okay yeah i could see it. oh you know what i'm saying. oh they already used a trenant. res great what the [ __ ] oh we used it. three times great he used. it too that sucks. vengeance used it as well. vengeance a [ __ ] dude deia. you're up well you know. what i want i got it. going to hurt. your neck next week going. to be talking about how your neck. hurts like i don't know. why my neck is messed up. going to play that clip. just straight up dick swinging. around not good no i but well terrible. terrible show but my own. [ __ ] though what else you just said just that you can't do one nobody knows about that one in 20. seconds i'm just like can he do. another thing nobody knows about that one everyone knows. about that one in some porto. head songs but you get vengeance vengeance already took. it what happened vengeance took it all right. i'll go vengeance you know what i want. hurting his neck the lip. like a lip just bouncing. everywhere like a propeller dude. i go so hard with the propeller that. i notice i'm backing up. and i'm not even using my feet. you take off you got bruises on. your head women are just like old dolby sound. wow dude look at the buters in the buff. oh dude the first guy. in the upper left oh my god the first guy. left ciny wow so many of them. are ciny the butt. with the butt the butt. is my favorite one. yeah that woman being held is. so scared they're going to. drop her wow they're all. so ciny ge is yeah they're they're like a thing. it's like a very wellknown i actually had a guy. it'll be on an episode. eventually a guy call. in he was a butler the buff. you mean for uh record yeah and he had this. story about this horrible night. going totally totally haywire because of a new guy. he had to break in that. was like totally terrible. and [ __ ] everything up do you think he so seductive by. tonyo i think well yeah i think so yeah. i think he probably did yeah. butler's in the buff dude. they're all like nice and [ __ ] using like steve. winwood songs and then all of a sudden the new guy. comes in holding wine spilling it. dude he said in a blanket. all over the place he said the guy. brought his own beer and hid it and tried. to drink it the whole time. that's that's so funny dude. the new guy too you know. just the guy was like what. the [ __ ] are you doing he's like he's like what dude. what it's all you get the tono song. on and he brought coke. he kept singing up. in the bathroom do c yes dude. you have to. tell me when that one. comes out i want to. watch it yeah for sure. anyway watch private record on mats thing. uh it's his new podcast. and it's great first episode's out. second episode's out um and uh also you can come. see me in vancouver. you can you can do that. song dude you can come see. me in colona bc um and uh i got a bunch of ones. coming up uh uh houston corpus christie shreport. uh norfol and um some other spots. just go to crystal. dot com uh private record first episode. is out second episode. is coming out uh this week. subscribe on youtube socials. at the private record everywhere. you may be on social media. yes 101 session with me mata. dot com 101111 mata. dot com get advice. and of course we don't really plug. the merch enough but the merch. is [ __ ] sick it is fire. as they say we don't do it. we don't do it is. plug it enough people do buy it. they of course people buy it. of course they do it's great. lifeline merch dot com. come maybe we're going to. get the big bung buzzer. we don't know we should do. some new merch. soon actually it'll be cool. yeah we should uh all right. thank you everybody i love you. all hello [music] helloo. 