 [music] runk north bay ontario. sudbury ontario and toronto. ontario th this weekend this weekend toronto in meridian hall. saturday november 9th toronto. christalia will be there with his tour. his critically acclaimed tour straight out of the multiverse. chris deia and then bis bis. bismar bismar north dakota november. 15th s sou falls. the night after that for some reason. south dakota uh wiser north dakota. and south dakota there should just be dakota and then i will be chris leia whoop sorry. it's not me chris leia will be in irvine. california irvine california november. se 27th and then brea california. in december and then you know. just go go chia dot com. get tick tick tickets. nice and without further f. further ado episode 4. 41 41 of [music] congratulations. dude it's that i'm just reminded d. shout out to rob hay. for reminding me about that on the super. good uh edits uh instagram. uh i used to. do my dates like that. dude the the that is i'm reminded. of how annoying that is that radio. djs and radios do that. it's also the radio well. i guess sirius xm. still kind of does it. um right they'll still do. that kind of stuff but nothing. beats like this straight [music]. up dial where you go in. the news and the and then here at kkk. ro krock k k k rock saying kkk um so here. at kkk rock white supremacy. white white supremacy burning. cross bur burning. crosses on your lawn. if you're a sh shade darker. and so yeah we start. off with a bang so um but anyway krock and all that stuff did that and it's just like you know here here. we all right k. k k k um anyway uh we probably. got demonetized for that but it's okay. the dodgers win the dodgers. win the dodgers. win the dodgers. win go doers man and um and it's lit. and i've i i watched the world. series okay and i watched it. in my in my new home. that we are we've been there. for two months it's still i'm getting. so i mean we are basically everything. is being like well not everything. there's a lot of work being done. in the house okay and uh we're making it. our house right we bought it and then we're we're doing what we're doing to. it and there's just like dust everywhere and [ __ ] we're all for sure. getting cans and [music]. um uh so we have this one. tv that is a it's like an lgtv. which is by the way. life's good is the stupidest. name for for it's like you know. guy is definitely divorced. and so the guy who owns it. so um so we got this lgtv that's like this. thing that you just bring around. with you and it's you know it's about 100. pounds it's so [ __ ] heavy but uh not for me. and it's uh hard it's besides the fact. that it's heavy it's um awkward. those are the worst things to. carry and kristen's always telling me. to move something not necessarily heavy. but awkward and i cannot stand. it can you get the chair. and i look and it's like a chair. that like was the first chair. that was made when a king when the first king was appointed somewhere and i'm like that's it's it's it's it's 30. lb at the base and 755 lb. on the top back. of it so what what. what's up man i'm just going. to rupture discs and so it's one of those things. you pick up and you just go. hold hold on hold and so that's what this. tv is like the lg. the life's good tv that's such a bad. brand name you know. shout out to life's good. so um lg and so we move. it around the house. from room to room. because we don't have the tvs in it. yet and uh i i i i watched. i watched now my wife loves. sports uh and she just any sports. she's just like like it's like it's like it's like you know. sugar for kids to. her she like how kids are just like it's candy. i'll eat it and you're like well this is not a candy. you've had before and they're like doesn't matter i i want. it like my son is. just calvin billy will see but calvin is just is it. candy is it processed they made it. in a lab i'll have it. come on and so what color. is it pink hot. pink give it to. me is it uh the consistency is like uh the bottom of a shoe. if you leave it in the sun too. long h put it in me put it in my put it in my body. and my mouth and so um uh yeah like had swedish. fish the other night oh i got a whole lot. we talk about halloween but anyway so uh i'm watching uh the dodgers. because she just puts it on because she and every time. she puts on a thing about sports. she can't not say i love. see this is why. i love sports and i'm just like i know. why you love sports. okay also she never expands on. that see this is why. and i'm i'm i don't even want to. get into it. i'm like yeah still in my head. you know oh yeah that's why. she loves it and i just we watched. a game and then she was like not she she she was. like other places for the rest of the games. i don't remember what she was. doing but uh i just turned it. on for because i wanted to. which is the first time i've ever. turned on sports uh in years. and i mean decades. i and and i watched the dodgers. play the yanks and uh i i was rooting. dude like i was like oh yeah here comes. freddy freeman that's his name. here he comes hopefully. he hits a home run. so his achilles ankle. doesn't he doesn't have to. run and bruise it more and i'm just like um rooting and i'm having more fun than i had more i'm more fun watching sports. than i had in decades. and i'm with i watch it. with only billy i feel like like a few games. and it was just so fun. dude and i was rooting. and happy and jumping and i go. and i'm like man i'm just kind of a sports. guy man i won't watch it. ever again but um the dodgers. won shout out to. the dodgers shout out to. freddy freeman that was cool. man the guy kept knocking dingers dude. and uh that's cool. man that's cool uh i i you know the city. was and then and then the city. dude i celebrations for sporting. events should legitimately be 2 hours after the event. and then you don't do it. anymore and it is absolutely. outlawed after that it is you go. to jail you get two. hours to party. up and and and almost like the purge. you can do anything almost anything you can't. i mean you can kill. someone but but only out of excitement not premeditative you know. you can't be like okay. finally the dodgers won. we get that rule so. i'm going to go. kill that person that slept. with my wife you don't get to. do that but if if you're like like the guy who uh lit. the did you see the dude. who blew his hands up. oops uh that guy. gets no repercussions no fines pretty. much his repercussions is now got no. hands and uh bro oh my god that. was a heroin i saw that. video i don't watch videos. like that but somebody sent it. to me and i go. and i'm just like you know. let me just take a and i watched. different angles and stuff. just like i i kept looking you know. and the guy w he was just his his it. looked like ai dude. his hands just blew up. that would suck you know. and so you get to. do that for 2 hours. and then like if you do that. the next day like they lit. a bus on fire if it's outside that window. you've they've got to. throw you onto that. bus that's burning um i just think. it's you know be excited for a little bit. and then move on. go to work and uh then be sad. again because of the m mund monality the mundane. mundane m mundanity banality of life. yes got out of that. one and so um anyway i i i just uh i i don't know. uh i was number one. draft pick when i was. uh 12 in little league. so go yeet yourselves um yeah [ __ ] crushed baseballs um i uh was at aroan yesterday. actually two thing well no this. one isn't that interesting but i'll i'll let me put this as the appetizer. and then i will give you the main. course i saw a rapper. no here's the deal here's how racist. i am okay and i don't you know. i don't want to. be racist okay but sometimes. you don't you don't mean to. be all right and then it turns. out let let me just tell story okay so i'm at aroan and there's a guy before me and he's ordering. food okay the guy's black he's got a lot. of tattoos wearing a lot of really expensive. jewelry he's got an ap on his wrist. you know it's gold and then just like diamonds on his neck. and you know dreadlock dreadlock kind of stuff. i don't really know and i'm like okay. oh [ __ ] this guy's got a lot of money. and he's and then i'm like i feel kind of weird. and i'm like why do i feel weird. because i'm not usually at maybe. it's just because i'm not usually at at. aroan at this time right. you ever go to a place. that you don't that you go. to a lot at a different. time and you're just like ah dude. i don't this isn't right. it was like that so maybe it was just that okay. but and so i'm like but then i realized no it's not just that. it's it's it's that there's two other really. big dudes dressed in all black uh that are hovering about you know. 20 feet from me and this. guy now i'm not with this. this this guy who's iced. out obviously i'm i'm next in line. but and almost said hey nice watch bro. but i didn't and then i'm like oh these guys. are bodyguards so okay. so i'm like wow this guy must be a very famous. person right because if you get body look let's face it. man look i've i've gotten i have gotten bodyguards. before in certain situations. but if you're just walking around. aroan aroan with bodyguards and you're me you're an [ __ ] you know what i'm saying so i'm like well i don't know who this guy is but he's got bodyguards how is that possible so i'm like i am 44 this guy might be 30 you know maybe he speaks to. the kids and i'm like that's crazy. so i walk out so i see uh a tattoo on the back. of his tricep and it says make millions and i'm like okay. now it's not even nicely. done it just says make millions like i did. it like it's like not even. doesn't even look like by a. tattoo artist it looks like he was like said to. somebody who featured for him. yo man you might write you you might write in make millions on. my tricep and the guy was like bet. and then he just did it. and he's like cool let's go. to aroan and so it says make millions on. the back of his tri. and as i leave the place. okay uh uh this this girl comes up. to me and says hey can i have a picture. with you my mom and i love you. and uh that guy saw yes i won. and so it's fine. no one asked him. but it's all good so i'm like i need bodyguards. dude right yes i won. the fame competition but anyway it's fine. dude also we were in calabasas and that's probably more. my demo than his but whatever it doesn't matter uh so i get in the car. and without a thought i just google. rap oh and i saw i saw uh he had a he got in a car that was dope. it was like matt gray. charcoal and like the bodyguards. got in there with them. and and and the legis plate. was georgia so i'm like i get in my car. and i just without even thinking. grab my phone and google rapper. from atlanta with make millions tattoo racist. dude no one said he was a rapper. guess what i guess what i can't do find. out who it is for like 10. minutes i'm like the rapper. with make millions maybe i could rapper with. from all right rapper. from georgia with m millions i i i try. that and then i'm like oh yeah. like 11 minutes in. i think oh yeah this. guy could be anything i'm racist. and then i'm like i mean. i guess it could well he's not fit enough. to be a ball player. racist but then i'm like if he doesn't he's not an actor dude. he looked too specific. you know like so much i like they be like he's just like imag he was just like the second lead. on ncis he's just like yo man. just on a computer just like way. ahead of you dog way. ahead of you bro i picked him. yo i found a per. the eye in the sky picked it. up [laughter] dog that's a line. for him man right. there they write it in nc. scop acula did you get the per. [ __ ] this guy in the in in ncis his ly and so man. i ain't running to. get him [ __ ] that you know what i mean. just like anyway dude. um i so i'm googling. and i'm googling for a while and i'm like [ __ ] yeah he could be anything but then i'm like why does he have bodyguards. but so i'm like nah he's a [ __ ] rapper though dude i don't even care if that's racist he's a rapper and he just had that feel and then i googled gunna just cz and lo and behold it was gunna so we got it it was gunna and thank you google and dude uh i was at a a1 with gunna and dude um it was lit. dude man you know i mean. we we were we were lit. [music] um wasn't he in jail. he got he got he was fat. right and then he just like all of a sudden. trimmed up he started running. on the treadmill i think he was in jail. and then uh leaned out. and then he got uh uh man. that guy dressed so he used to. dress so bad he he looked all right. gunna g u n and a okay so i saw him and that was the appetizer. because nothing really happened. in that story except for it. exposed my racism now. i'm driving today i'm at sweet. greens okay first of all i go. to sweet greens. every now and then but i don't go. too much because it's one. of those places and you know. exactly what the [ __ ] i'm talking about if you go too much. it sucks so bad but if you don't go. a lot it's an absolute banger. this is the [ __ ] i think about by the way all right sweet. greens if you go once every 10 days chef's kiss if you go twice. a week vomit why. are places like that i don't know. i didn't create the places. i'm not jesus christ so um. so uh i'm at sweet greens. and i go to. sweet greens i pick up. i i i pick up calvin. from school and i say hey bud. i'm going to go. to sweet greens. you want to. go or you want me. to drop you off at home. first and he says i do not like sweet. greens and i said okay. i could drop your first he says if you do go. to sweet greens. one thing do not get me. anything i do not like it. and i'm like all right it. doesn't have to. be like that you know. i could also get you something. and then you don't eat it. and that's fine he acts like if that. happens a tsunami will encapsulate us. right encompass should have said it. should have said encompass but um so but so i'm like okay. so we get to. my house i drop him. off i let him out of the car. he runs in in the uh in the house. i'm watching him run. in and then i get he gets in the he he he he opens the door. and he looks back. at me and i said all right. buddy i'll see you in a little bit i'm going. to sweet greens. and he says remember do not get me. anything okay so i'm like yeah yeah okay you know. i won't but then i i would having fun. with it and i was like you know what car. i'll just get you a bowl and he was like no. i do not like sweet. greens do not get me. sweet greens i'm like all. right buddy i won't you know i won't so i drive i leave away. i i drive away. i leave i go to. sweet greens i i get out. of the car and dude. this [ __ ] pissed me off to. to infinity i get out of the car and i i i i did the thing where the [ __ ] i had slanty pockets. and the keys went. in the thing and then it was one. of those the keys. went in the they fell in the seat. and then there were like five people that arrived. at the same time and i would have been first but because i had to. look for the key. in the side i was last so i was at sweet. grade for 30 minutes and so it. should have been five so wow. it was i it was actually. a debacle the whole thing. cuz i was there and i was like yeah i'll get the miso. salmon bowl and she was like okay. great as is and i said yep. and then she still went on the whole down. the line saying and do you want this. and i said in my head. i'm like i said yeah. just as is and i just kept saying yeah. as is yeah and would you like the [ __ ] pickled onions. yeah as is and now. she says [ __ ] like would you like the crunchy [ __ ] and i go and i don't want it but i'm like well i already said as ziz and i got an attitude here so i got to. eat it dude the the [ __ ] that goes on in your own. head that doesn't need to. is amazing so um so now now uh i get the the sweet. greens and i i i get home. and this is the story wasn't even. supposed to be about. the sweet greens but this. is what happened all right. so and so something happened so i get home. and calvin said no. you know what let me tell it. this way i get in the car. i leave with my sweet greens. okay uh i'm at the stoplight i pull up next to. a guy with his window. open now my windows open too now. whoops right okay whether you like it. or not people uh know who i am okay. so if i so and i know this all right. and if i pull up next to. somebody with their window open. and my windows open whoops. for me okay because sometimes that. person will be like hey and whoops. for me okay and that's fine. but here's why whoops. can't i'm at the mercy of the stoplight right. i i can't be like anyway. sometimes it stops the conversation. start like okay oh thanks. dude yeah oh good oh really oh great. and then you're just sitting there. you can't roll up the window. cuz it's basically like saying i [ __ ] your wife so you just got to. sit there and be weird. and um so the guy the guy says hey you ever at the clubs. in la which is fine. which is fine f i don't. yeah you know all good. and i said oh yeah and he said yeah. what's the best night to. go to like uh you know. the comedy store if uh i want to. go see comedians that are in town. working on material. uh and not necessarily their honed. stuff and i'm like oh are we in a meeting. or are you driving. by but i take it into. account i'm like that's actually a good question. it's a good question. because the normal person who doesn't do standup. might not know that so i fire. back with the answer dude. because i know it. and it's tuesday because the people come home from the road either. sunday or monday and then they'll pop. in on tuesday if they're trying to. work some [ __ ] out and then go back out. thursday or friday and sometimes. even wednesday tuesday so i say tuesday. and sometimes wednesday actually and he says oh cool. all good right but no i'm the deep. in the oopsy so the guy says saw whitney comings there. recently man is she a professor. and i'm thinking oh this is directed. by david lynch because i don't know really what's happening and i'm like does. this guy know my history or like does. he know i used to. be friends with her or whatever. the [ __ ] and i'm like professor. and he said yeah man. so i say oh yeah i i just was i just said yeah. she sure is because i am i want. to be out of this. conversation right and uh the guy. says man yeah i said oh cool. man cool and then and then he said yeah. dude i mean this is the next. thing he said she reads. a lot and i said oh cool. and he said yeah man. i mean she just reads. a lot and i said okay. dude by the way still you know windows. open i said and and and so now i'm like where where else. can this go turn green. turn green turn green turn green then. the guy says do you read i swear. to god this is all true. and i looked at him. and i said what and he said you know. do you read a lot. do you like go to. the i swear to. god he said do you like go. to the library and check out. books and stuff oh guy i just looked at him. and not rudely but i said nah. hey guy you driving. by hey guy we're in the middle of the street in different. cars hey guy who are you so i say nah not really oh yeah you don't read. a lot and i said nah. not really i don't i don't go. to the library and check out. books i'm i'm like what and then he says but you write. a lot huh and when he says that he goes like this. but you write a lot. huh like this and i'm like that's not. that much but i go yeah. i'm always working on. stuff you know and he says oh man. the next thing out of his mouth. is you know what a social worker. is and he asks the question. and look the question's fine. it's not a weird question. it's kind of a weird question. to ask a 44y old man. because i should know it. a social worker is and i do um but it's absolutely the weirdest. time time to ask somebody. the question do you know. what a social worker is right. because hey dude you're in one. lane and i'm in the other all right. and so i say yeah. and he says i'm a social worker. and i said oh cool. he says and i think laughter. is the best medicine so keep doing. what you do man. and i that's when a light bulb. went off and i went oh autism because this is absolutely bonkers. and and and i drove away. that was when it turned green. and david lynchell cut and dude it was just it was phenomenal. i drive i get home. and then uh i get home. and then i show up and i'm i pull out. the food for everybody. at the house there's like four people at the house. i pull out mine i start eating. mine and it's [ __ ] chef's kiss because i haven't had it in about two weeks not twice a week would make me vomit so calvin walks into. the room and he says dad. did you get me. anything and i'm like oh now i got to. feel bad because i didn't get him. something and he's like did you get me. anything and he's just four. so he forgot he doesn't like the place. and i'm a [ __ ] idiot for not getting him something but then i'm like then why did he try to. sell me so hard. on not getting him something. it's kind of his fault. but then i'm like he's four nothing's his fault. so it's kind of my fault. i should have got him. like bread or something. and i said oh buddy. you told me not to. get you anything cuz you said you didn't want. it and he said yep. good because that's what i don't [laughter]. like dude and i was like wow that's amazing. good yep good cuz that's what i don't. like like just checking in that. i brought no sweet. greens near him for him. near him for him to. the house what if yeah. i got you a bowl. actually he would have been mad. and you know what i would have. been proud of him to. be mad that's so awesome. to have such strong opinions as a fouryearold. [ __ ] yeah man um i wonder when he's going to. stop actually watching the i watch those. youtube videos of oh you. i don't watch them i watch them. because they're on but they're for kids. you know and it's just youtube. they'll be like 18 nah. [ __ ] 18 million they'll be like like a 100 million views on a cartoon uh that you've never even heard of or seen and then you'll you'll you'll click it and it's always like some kind of song. and the lyrics are always like. super specific and weird uh and it's always about like either. learning something or health right. at least that's what my algorithm. does it'll be like a a a a fish. at the doctor's and it'll just be like a song like hello. i need the doctor hello i need the doctor and then like the the the doctor will. come in and it's like a a [ __ ] fox and it's like what seems to. be the problem you come. here to get a diagnosis. and you're just like and you're like what. the [ __ ] what what what the [ __ ] is this youtube. is like amazing and amazingly shitty. like what is happening. i nobody should ever see this. why is a fox talking to. a fish in a doctor's office. and why are they singing. about diagnosis like i have a rush. and you and then you realize oh yeah a russian guy. made it and they just straight. up aied it into. english it's so funny. it's so funny dude. i come to the psychiatrist. to talk about the issues. and calvin's just sitting watching eating funions you know. um on on our lg tv. that we move around. because we don't have tv yet. is no i don't even. no no no no no we're well. beyond that we used to. have the tv on the coffee. table we took the tv. off and now we just have the lgtv. that's not the lgtv the lgtv is. this big so yeah the white thing. so um i uh so now oh man. chris i took a nap. i took a nap today. dude it just caught me. the [ __ ] off guard like somebody knocked me out you know when you're just like i just lay here. for a little bit all of a sudden. it's 4 you go what. is it are is it. earth and uh i walked downstairs. and kristien was painting the stairs. because that's who i married. and so um and the she's watching you know. the 48 hours on the lgtv. just and that was when we brought him. in and we and we started to. um uh he confessed to. the we had we were crossexamining. and the and i walk out and i'm she's just painting. the stairs and i'm just like what. is it what is that what is. that she's like oh i think i'm going. to paint it the same. color as the wood. it kind of looks cool. like this and i said oh what color. is that and she's just like dead. [music] samon and i'm like what that's what they call. it the [ __ ] names. like i understand colors got to. be there's a lot of colors different. shades and hues like she'll paint the whole wall. the same color and it's a different. color i guess and it's not white. it's soft shoy and you're like go. [ __ ] yourself dude sher sherwin williams or whatever you are the names. of the things are are are unforgivable. actually the names of the uh uh paint. names just look at some of these dead. salmon dude color uh color. color names paint color. names explore over explore here. we go here's pinterest you. know how we like pinterest. um oh wow this is a pinterest. [ __ ] sucks this is too much. come on just pictures. of [ __ ] i don't want paint colors look at this [ __ ] every website i go on now is like a thing a prompt comes up hi i'm betty chat with me to. find your perfect color you're not. betty you know if you wanted to. make it real and like you weren't. ai you would have picked a name that. people have [ __ ] used in the last three decades hi. i'm blanch here to. help it's it's it's blanch and jebadiah ask. us anything so look at this. red colors look at this. color by family so there's red there's orange there's yellow red. 602 colors go [ __ ] yourself orange 518 colors go [ __ ] yourself yellow 240 yellows you know how shitty yellow is have four of them bright. dark banana and the neon. and don't use any of them. for your home green there's 619. greens i would guess that. there were the most greens. because you know why. women love green and they beyond. that they love to. say they love green. it's the safest color to. love as a woman because it's not pink. it's not typical you're not going. against the green and being like i like dude. colors you're playing it safe and you're saying green and it's probably a forest green okay blue 409 blues i would think more than that gray. forget it there's just i don't even. say the how many there are there's infinite grays neutral wow. 796 let's just look at the neutral colors. just to get pissed. off look at this. look at this they got to. call it something though oh wow. oh wow dude dude the first one whitewinged. dove i'll i'll [ __ ] all over lilac hush there's whipped mocha and then there's frosted toffee now i'm just hungry. driftwood okay look at this. coachman's capee [ __ ] worst superhero clinton brown. just a lawyer in the 80s. [laughter] i mean these rural earth. a movie that would win. sundance in 2001 wow rural earth. starring a woman that made three movies. and then did one with ethan. hawk and you never saw her. again uh anyway you know enough of that. halloween was dope halloween was. maybe i've had some good i've had some good halloweens. i don't i'm not a guy. for halloween though um halloween isn't really my holiday if i had to. pick what my holiday is it would probably be k. quanza but i no it would probably be christmas. i love christmas um yeah anyway. uh i we did it. as a family and and calvin wanted. to be minecraft uh and we were like well who do you want. to be and he was like steve. that's the lead guy in minecraft. so i'm like well that's a blue. shirt and purple pants. like what how can we that's not. a costume really i mean. but also kind of easy. so cool and then christian was like i got this. and for two days made a steve. costume that is like boxy and looks like the pixels. and [ __ ] like she used cardboard and felt and went to. michaels three times and then drove back. i think michaels is just the guy. she's having an affair with i don't even. know like it's just and uh a helmet that. looks like block hair. it's hilarious it's hilarious. looking and she killed it. and but it wasn't enough. because we got to. all do it so she dressed us up. as playstation controllers and i'm like what. and then billy was a creeper from minecraft. so she made the green. blocky outfit for him. bro it's hysterical okay and uh you know when you're a kid. and you're in the costume. you're not like i'm dressing up as the guy. you're like i'm [ __ ] batman. if if [ __ ] goes down i'll save you know you're not you're not you're not like you know and even though you got the you know cuz it's cold so you got like either thermal under the costume. that batman doesn't really have or you've got a starter jacket over. the [ __ ] you know and uh and so but yeah my son was just like i'm steve and he was just walking around like minecraft and then we go to. the where we meet the people. the friends and then we go trickor treat and billy. was on one man billy was just walking around but but calvin got we probably hit six houses. and he couldn't believe that. we had this bag of candy. it's like he's had conscious halloweens before. but this one is like he's four he's he's in it. you know so he got we we hit six. houses and they one of them. the kids were coming out. they like they got the king size get in there. and he went in and he got like a kingsized. hershey's and after that he was like i i i want. to eat these and i i was like well. we're still trickortreating we can. eat them when we get home. and he was like okay let's go. home and i was like well you don't want to. keep going he was like no. let's go home i said okay. just so you know we can go. trickor treat get more candy or we could just go. home right now and eat the candy. that you have and he says yeah immediately let's he's like go. home what are you talking about. here i'm like okay we went home. and he just ate like so much. candy and it was hilarious. because it was all like an hour. and i was like dude. that's how it is that's how it's that's how to. do it when i was a kid. i would hit no less than 50. houses i think there were new houses. made for that night because i would like what's this. one who's here ding dong. mounds what's this one next to. this one i oh yeah. this is that weird girl in school's. house dang dong 100. grand milon pus house. used to give out. apples for [ __ ] sake dude. and one time but he did ry though. he was a after that. he did ry and he's he's where the [ __ ] is he now. um one time i'll never forget. this but he i i he was on a skateboard. and he he went by. and i had a whoopy cushion and i just went. and i did it and we laughed and then he didn't laugh. but he was like me and my friends. laughed and we went to. my him to my house. and then the next day. he saw he said hey chris i forgot. to beat you up. yesterday because of the whoopy cushion thing. and then ran at me. and tackled me and started. fighting me i forgot to. beat you up like he's in bed. at night he's like oh [ __ ] dude my my mistake. so it's not halloween anymore. um that's cool i guess. that uh things did get uh during halloween. is like cool but then it's like yo. it makes your kids like scared. so it's for kids but also it makes it's it's for kids. and [ __ ] obviously halloween right. for some reason [ __ ] had to. like get in there they finagled. their way in it's for us. too actually look at my look. at look look i'm a i'm i'm a i'm a sexy. photographer from the n from the 19. i'm a i'm a sexy archaeologist. and you're just like what dude. if archaeologists dress like that they would have found nothing except [ __ ] found it oh man i'm tired [ __ ] these dinosaurs sup um how did [ __ ] faga a way it's because we're such idiots dude guys don't give a f guys are so dumb when it comes to that um so anyway uh but now calvin is like you know he's at the age where he's scared of things that aren't scary you're you're just like what like it would be fine if for me i not it is fine but it's it would be understanding if if if if i would understand it if i was like he's like dad i'm scared and i'm like of what and he's like a demon with black dark eyes the the the color of you know clinton brown or whatever the [ __ ] that color was for sherman williams the color of of black black like you know uh the very depths of from the very depths of hell and he has wings so he he's he's airborne and and he could get anytime but it's not it's like he's like dad and i'm like what what are you scared of and he's like a cheeseburger could eat me i swear is what he said and i'm like what and he was like what i i saw a big cheeseburger that could that that that want that that could eat me and i'm i'm not it sounds like i'm making it up i'm not and then i'm like buddy cheese you eat cheeseburgers you don't cheeseburgers don't eat you and he's like no what about that song hamburger cheeseburger big mac whopper and i'm like like what [ __ ] song he's like what about hamburger big cheeseburger big mac whopper and i'm like do you know what a big mac and a whopper is and he's like no and i'm like then why you scared of it but we do fear what we don't know so now i'm like googling big mac and whopper and i'm like trying to show them what it is i'm like look this is from burger king this is from mcdonald's you know you like to go to mcdonald's the big mac has got the thing in it he's got the burger and then the the lettuce and the sauce and then the burger king this is that and then he says he says to me who who's the burger king and i'm like oh it's that [ __ ] mascot. who that kind of looks scary. i'm just gonna so i look at him. i'm like it's not a real. guy because if i show him the burger. king at 9:30 at night. while he's in bed. he's going to be scared. of the [ __ ] burger king and then i turn on the burger. king commercial he's like what's that and he says bk have it. your way it's good. and now that's been stuck. in my head for two. weeks and then i'm like he and then he says who sings. that and i'm like oh you know. who actually sings that is. craig robinson and so i'm like oh you know who actually sings. that dad's friend and he's like will and i'm like yeah. so now i'm like this is cool. man you don't be scared. of it that's friend singing. the thing and so i leave and he's like running. into my room. talking about cheeseburgers and [ __ ] we got a monster. away spray which i i thought would never work it's a cure dude. him going to bed. walking down the hallway. saw saw cheeseburger so i just have to. spray cuz the cheeseburgers. this is the [ __ ] he's saying to. me okay good night don't spray. it too much cuz it smells a little bit can't. just be water even. though it could just be water. they got to make it. something so it smells like [ __ ] so i'm like i'm [ __ ] now i smell. like some version of lavender. and it's like just too much. my my my wife is like it's really. nice actually and i'm just like i don't want to. be smelling too many. smells here just i want to. be i want to. smell my you know i want to. smell house my house so he's just spraying. away the monsters and just goes to. sleep it's been five nights. since halloween and the the the kid. is just sleeping like he's a 50yearold now. to think think of him. in bed just is the most adorable. thing anyway um i don't know anymore. i don't even know what's been happening. in the world i i i i just see all the news. and i i'm just i'm just staying out. of it uh because uh i don't i don't i don't i'm not political. and that's that i you know. you know what's weird is. like i saw a guy today uh and vote for whoever you want. to truly this is not i don't. judge i really don't like i don't know. enough but i saw a guy today with with the with i i put on my instagram. story but i saw it he had a a big. big truck a big white truck. and he had on uh it had it probably had honestly. i would say 12 flags. on it and not and and and big ones okay like big big ones. and they all said the same. thing it it was they all said you know trump. 2024 or uh one of the flags. was him standing up with the blood. on his face and the secret service. like protecting him when he got shot. in the ear you know uh and then he had little flags. that said trump on the front. and and and then one of the flags. was so big that he had to. have two suction cup things. on the side of his door. to hold it. right like like like they were hands. and i mean it it was was like i mean. they had a sale on on flags. you know the guy and it was so big. and and like and then i'm like yo you want to. vote for trump yeah vote for trump. and then i'm like but you're what are you but what are you. doing to your car. hey dude i mean pretty much. if you put a bumper sticker on. your car you're a [ __ ] right. it doesn't matter what it. is about period. you could put a fish. bumper sticker on it you. put that you know. you could put a a baby. on board is maybe the only acceptable. one so people drive carefully. around you but like honk if you love. jesus you [ __ ] on up and then you just got like 12 big flags. that flags that you like not you know. what i'm saying and i'm like what is this. guy what does this guy. do after the the the the sixth or what. what's the election day. the fifth sixth fifth after. the fifth what do hey. if he wins cool keep riding around. for a week or two if he doesn't i guess. you get to keep it. on or whatever i don't know. dude it's just real odd. to put anything on your car. like that to put anything on you. when did it become the norm. for people to be like their identity. whether you're right or left and i'm not getting. political but i um let's do some haulers. here happy birthday aiden. from nick and liam there. you go uh stonefruit roasting.pan amazing. go to holler. christ if you want. to purchase a shout out or mini ad. on this podcast what's up. with this here what so the mar. so the menendez brothers have. wives they married. in prison man like this. is no hate or anything. but only a woman would marry someone. in prison you know. oh i don't have to. [ __ ] him i do get on you know how do you on zoom. you could just get married. after you watch [ __ ] you know some adam sandler movie uh there was a thing on reddit that. was like man how are the wives. taking this think about this. usually people who marry incarcerated. spouses do so because subconsciously or not they. have this great sense of freedom. and still ability to. every imagine that dude what a funny. i bet i can make that. a funny bit dude. just imagine you show up and you're just like honey. i'm home and that's what you're and finally oh my god. i'm so happy hey divorce. city it's like that guy. from sha shank redemption that. got out finally and then killed himself. he just yeed himself into. oblivion because he was just. like i liked it better. on the inside that's what these wives. are going to. do um more importantly the bigger challenge here is the man. they married came with stipulations. of be incarcerated forever. and they didn't have to. take on any real world. marriage duties um telephonically available i don't think that would cut. it for my wife um look at this. opinion is if you're married. my opinion is if you're married. into a lifestyle where where you. are waved all those wely obligations you don't have this skill. level or motivation skill level. like they're crunching numbers. or motivation to. be a meaningful guide. to such a very sensitive high valued. crucial challenge who is this. guy skeletor uh let's hope the family. who seems to be. in located throughout the country. what no um finds a way. to be there for them. firstand ly uh yeah man i tell. you what imagine you were. in jail got married. wow look their wives. so they they've met. them they've been with them. i guess conjugal visits and all that [ __ ] but uh wow um so how could you do that. mary sumon in prison i tell you what if i was in jail i'd be a [ __ ] hot tiet for some wom on the outside uh uh but uh yeah i i i just imagine coming out imagine the guy them coming out and being like sweetie i love you also i've only [ __ ] eight people and seven were guys [ __ ] me so um what i won't just just [ __ ] every woman after that uh yeah wow anyway all right well look guys the election is over congratulations and uh i'll be in bismar sou falls toronto. and uh i'm in sudbury tonight i think i i have. two shows there uh that's it for youtube. if you want to. watch the rest of the episode. go on and over to. patreon patreon dot com chrislea and i thank you. for being a patreon member. honestly you i i really do appreciate you. and uh i'm very grateful. for it [music] thank you. than you you you [music]. 