 everywhere i go i'm like a magnet for other guys. staring me down i'll just be going. about my day and i'll catch eye. contact with another guy and i'll wonder hey why are they staring at me. you you keep looking you never break. that eye contact dude i'll tell you what right. now i [ __ ] look at them. this is this is my advice. to you if i ever give good advice. this is the advice that i give to. you in in lifeline look at them. and when they're looking at you. imagine yourself eating them runk hello. hello hello [music] h hello. recording we are recording we are. recording right now welcome to. lifeline episode 51 52 what. is it i don't know. happy birthday to. [music] you happ happy birthday. to you happy int to. dear my brother [music] chris. happy birthing day to. you so how's it feel. 43 it feels good they got me. a cake that's amazing. you guys got me. a cake i appreciate it. i took a picture of it. we'll play it right. here it says life pips it's so [ __ ] sloppy who wr. that a blind person. honestly how did you not get the r. that it's so bad you obviously. had a professionally done right. why did i mean did. you buy like the the the squirty [ __ ] and just did it yourself i was worried. that they weren't going. to do it in time. if i asked them to. do it so we had a little cake. frosting left over from the live show. and i almost ran out and so i did. that i know it's very sloppy but we almost ran. out so we didn't have enough for the extra leg. at the r so life. pips yeah um it smells. fantastic i'm going to. eat it in a little bit. here um and i got um a uh happy. birthday from all you guys from chris and anthony. not you didn't say it. yeah and then you got me. also a face mask cuz you're old now. they want you to. lose your wrinkles and [ __ ] i've never had a face mask before. in my life but i always see kristen. has face masks and [ __ ] so they're for wrinkles. right i mean i don't know. it's you're supposed to. keep up with it like it's way. too late for me. to start now no start. starting anytime you want with i know my buddy andy coelle has been doing. them forever he's been doing like andy. does them dude that's hilarious. cuz he's 65 he looks great. no he's yeah he's 40. something but um he looks great. i got shows uh hey at this point we'll be. h we'll have done minneapolis. the special um so so yeah hell yeah. dude thanks for coming. out minneapolis it. went great yeah uh so tour. tickets at chris dot com. will be in columbus and cle. uh no not cleveland i will be in cleveland. but i didn't announce that yet. so here we go. oops uh yeah uh columbus ohio. and cincinnati and milwa. no that'll be old that'll be i milwaukee. so uh wait so what am i doing. here i'm doing tucson. salt lake city um colorado springs. pueblo and uh tucson. those are the new ones. that we put out there. uh when you say tucson. do you ever think tucson. arizona no gy up gy up. gy up a gy up. g cowboy what gto cowb. you ever think about that. what's ghetto cowboy the song. by crazy bone but no no oh crazy bone my favorite rapper. who's which one's that the one. that did ghetto cowboy i think. it was mo thugs it was. mo thugs but who's the one. with the deep voice the the bone. thug with the deep voice. i don't know bone no no. not b byy bonees [ __ ] p in the [ __ ] interrupt that guy's name i don't know i think he's crazy bone. deep bone um deep voice bone. so so the whole thing. is you can get the merch. here the lifeline the purple. pimp pimpin matt mat. that matt's wearing look at that. hoodie it's really nice christ. the way you're doing it. the worst model on a lazy. susan in the pool in the pool. dude surfing so so you can go get that. at uh uh lifeline merch dot com. or you can go get sessions. with matt oneonone mata. dot com mata dot com. this merch though for real it. looks good on camera but i'm telling you. yeah it feels even. better it's nice i mean. like the purple like the pimp pimp i can't. wait to see it on my show. h it so fast. i remember if it doesn't say michael. machine is not the real thing so uh so yeah dude. um uh i thought the rain was going. to stop didn't stop still was r still raining when we're shooting this. today got pissed off. i can't get my car. washed dude when's the last time. i get car washed. i let the rain do it. i not watching it man. but i let the rain. do it i don't ever get my car. washed i mean ever i don't do it. i i i it's going. to rain i know but some point. it will rain in la. it but yeah but that doesn't mean. that you can't have a nice. clean car for like not you. know sometimes it doesn't rain. for months it's true. the interior of my car. folded every car that i've ever. had the interior is a [ __ ] mess. folded caved you no no i mean. that's true i just i always wait. for the rain it's like every time. i [ __ ] get my dog groomed it rains. the next day and then she smells like [ __ ] ass again right. right right right bleep that. but she smells like ass. can you even say ass. you can't say anything anymore. come on youtube no. it's okay is mr. rogers yeah mr rogers tube so um i feel. like i feel like you have to. get your car washed. a little bit sometimes okay. i you know every time. i go drive by one. i think i should do that. i just i never do. it and you don't do it. i never do it. i think that uh well i what i want. to know is people in seattle. i get like i wouldn't even at that. point i would just get a beater. i would wouldn't even get a nice. car i mean maybe i would get a nice. big car but like there's [ __ ] no reason to. have a sports car in anywhere. where there it's raining cuz it never looks nice. um you think about that. i'm thinking like having a really cool. nice porch dude here's the thing. though i'm not the way. you are about cars. i'm not that way you're not. that way the way you i i am. about things you're not that. way yeah things are not for me. like i'm like wow nice watch never good. i got these glasses the other day. love them i was actually going. to say those are nice glass do you like them. yeah they're not expensive. or anything i'm make an exception. for eyewear i do like glasses. you wear glasses i wear them. got cuz i need to. wear them what about context. though get the color context. color context you got color. context and were like frost. yeah that would be sick. actually dude you would be so sexy. what i might do is dye my hair. blonde that might be my next step. in my evolution what do you think comment. comment on it let me know. i might dye my hair. blonde like kurt caine blonde. stuff you know what i was doing. i saw there's this app called lenza. is that what it's called. anyway you put your thing in you could change everything. i was i i heard a guy. talking about online so i got it. because i want to. do a joke and just send pictures of myself. to everyone actually i did i made this on it. did i send it to. you i don't know let me. send it to. you guys and then this where you can post. it but um and uh and so i wanted. to yeah look at this. you'll see audience it'll be up. here now and so uh you can make your everything. different color you can. make your cheeks small like. it's chicks use it. for you know what i mean. like it's called lenza yeah but chicks. use it for um like you know. making it look like they have more of an hourglass. figure and stuff like that. like they post stuff and they look yes. like photoshop yeah it sucks it's terrible. right but like look what you can. do you can do like all sorts. of things it says uh falling. in love but that's just a a filter. not what i want to. be looking at no [ __ ] so um i did was messing. around with it and i put my hair and my hair was pink on it. and i was like maybe i should [ __ ] dye my hair pink and then i realized i look like that that shooter that shot up the movie theater. and a color oh yeah. james uh he did yeah james. lipton dude i knew you'd like that man. i knew you'd like that. it's so stupid i knew why. do you like stupid [ __ ] like that man i've always it pisses me off when i when i'm laughing. and i say that's so stupid. people are like what do. you mean like you're laughing. and i'm like no yeah that's why. i'm saying that's so great like that's so stupid. it's so funny it's just the dumbest. dumber the joke the better you. know dude especially if black people are. like you are like denny. my the guy the comedian. who opens for me on. the road he was like you. stupid man and i was like man. that's such a compliment. you know it is yeah i love it. we're black me and you nice. is what we're saying nice you got alfred's. coffee now what do. we agree on that. it's bad what' you get amazing. it's the regular hot coffee no. it's not it's the vanilla latte. the the world famous vanilla latte. that i get from there. okay okay okay well that's good man. i didn't know that it was. i didn't know that you were going. to do it we've been thinking about maybe doing an extra episode. or something like that a month. for patreon we were thinking about flirting. with a patreon thing here we're not sure. if we're going to. do it uh but we do want to. maybe do a patreon what. are your ideas man. you know somebody you what are your ideas. right write in uh if you want. some more content or whatever. we may do it uh we won't take anything. away but we're we're probably going to. we may add some stuff. into a patreon would you be down. for that we don't know. yeah what it is now. will always be what it is. now we would add extra stuff. and i know you already said. that but i'm saying it. better poetry what i suggest is you tell us. what you want and then maybe we'll consider doing. it but uh yeah uh all of our ideas. are pretty boring so give us some good. ones they're like four yeah 40 extra episodes a month. yeah they might not be doable but something yeah. wow that was that that sounded so much. like a i don't know um i don't know but uh so we'll see what happens. up with these oh those are shoes. and now they're on the table. off of which lear we eat. what's up i don't know what's up. with them oh wait who makes those. balenciaga nice i knew it. i actually knew that you like it. yeah yeah yeah yeah people are going to. probably think you uh you know. is baga out of the woods. yet with their whole scandal. oh nice yeah with the good. cuz that was real dumb. and i like wearing my lindy. so oh do people say stuff. to you no okay. nobody say why you wearing dude. nobody says anything to. me they're afraid to. come up to. me on the street i'm always walking. like this oh that's bad. to do that it's very unfriendly. no people so people don't talk to. me i mean you look i hate when changers talk. to me so i always go. around like this i mean. for those who are only listening i'm i'm grimacing. i'm sticking my jaw out a little bit. sometimes when people start people approach me anyway. they get closer and i go. that's bad but sling blade so um all right. so uh well let's go let's get into. it guys i'm losing my voice. i need to yeah you. sound uh congested. too well it's just that. i'm really i'm very cool. i'm not i'm a little congested. no it's just early in the morning. what's up guys going. one for you so i live with my brother. he's 21 he kind of makes the best. roommate in the world because he never leaves. his room but uh also he never leaves. his room so all he does. is play xbox he uber eats. every meal wow i can't get him. to do anything we own. the house together so there's a lot to. do around the house a lot. of things to. fix up and just maintain i mean. um just that's weird i'm kind of worried. that he's going to. turn into a loser. if he keeps this up but then again. he's also only 21. so how do i approach this do i let it ride. out do i have like a sit down with him. um yeah do i do nothing. at all let me know. thanks guys that's a really good sit. hey man you got to. leave your room no dude. i think that's what you might have to. do you're in your room. too much no you start. start leave start with him leaving. the door open a little bit like baby. steps yeah baby steps like calvin. leave the door open a little bit it's a good. good thing you're a good. brother to actually worry about that. because that is a real thing people dude. people some people just i mean. i know you're saying this is what your brother. does but it turns. into a habit and these people just don't leave their room for like forever. yeah like i've known people who get addicted to. games and they they like don't they go weeks. without leaving their home third brother. did you know that yeah. yeah he's still he's still in the room. playing a video game somewhere. yeah it's just uh it's i think that honestly. you uh he's 21 might be okay but here's the other thing. too is like co messed. it up for a lot. of people like so now for the past. 3 years i'm sure he got used to. doing that because he had to. and now he's [ __ ] stuck so it's a bit of a cycle. of like you know what i mean. he's addicted to. the lifestyle he's addicted to. the game you know what i mean. the actual literal game. if he's literal game if he's playing. video games wow co. [ __ ] up so many people's lives remember all our friends that lost our minds. yeah actually i'm addicted to. the game dude i'm addicted to. the game okay okay so unsympathetic to. those people lost their minds. you know um what what cuz it. did the tupac thing yeah so to. the gang i think uh well bill. clinton what you just did no way. dude i was listening. to tupac the other day. god damn he really is so good i was like why. don't i listen to. him more you know. he's my favorite you. know that but like why don't i why. don't i listen to. him more oh dude. it pisses me off. so much what how you are about. getting out of a car. when a tupac song is playing. it used to. be like that nothing made me. more mad about anything. you ever did than that. he used to. never get if the if we arrived. somewhere and it was time. to get out of the car. when a tupac song was playing. he'd have to. wait till the song. ended to be paying respect. to tupac god bless the death. dweeb okay um didn't bill. like yell at him. once yeah dude of course cuz that's so an me. he was like we got to. go to [ __ ] dinner and i'm like i can't there's a tupac. onong i got to wow. wow wow wow dude and he was like everyone was [ __ ] waiting for you everyone was in the car. like this yeah looking looking at me. in my car and i was like can't. and then finally i was like fine. i turned it off i felt so. bad during the whole dinner so so so d made me. feel bad during the whole dinner. well he should have made you feel bad. cuz that's idiotic. that was the first time. i ever did that in my life. this the first time i ever did that. in my life why you southern. right there but dude. it's so he's so good dude. dad uh so wait this. guy though you gotta you you have to. talk to him. about it and even if obviously you should start. by being like hey like let's do this let's do that. let's do and even if you have to. guilt him into it. it doesn't matter still do it. if he's not coming out of his room. even when you ask him. to or tell him to. to tend to. real life [ __ ] then you got to. have a real talk like manto. man talk with be like yo i know you're young you're 21. but that you're not 12 you're. an adult now you got to. act like one you got to. live in the world you can play. your video games in downtime but you got to. also live in the world with other human. beings more than anything else we're social animals. you can't just be alone. all the time the guy. will just be like i don't have. to leave but he does. why because he's going to. get mad depressed. he's probably going to. have start getting like health problems. and [ __ ] because you need to. be outside to. be healthy you also need to. be in communication with other people in person. to be healthy that's a real. thing you need sounds like mumbo. jumbo [ __ ] but you need to. be social and not on your [ __ ] headset while you're playing holy. warcraft or whatever the [ __ ] is holy warcraft dude. holy war world of holy worldcraft the worst. title of any actually holy warcraft. holy warcraft sounds sick yeah. i would go see a movie. with holy warcraft yeah who's he who's holy. warcraft uh yeah no that would be under warra that would be a good uh good. video game holy warcraft the pop. you're the pope yep yeah and you have to. use a gun even though. you don't want to. because it's sinning but you have to. right right right but also uh the pope. is uh hospitalized you read. about this because he's so sick. yeah cuz yeah with that. drip with the jacket dude. dude it's not real. how [ __ ] fooled did you get though. i did fully 100% thought it. was real ai duped me dude. a got to zoom. real close in and look at the hands. we're all so [ __ ] dude i know life's over yeah we might well in dude. it's not even exactly it's just the this. is the tip of the [ __ ] iceberg ai is here. just to [ __ ] ruin everything. think about like presidential like speeches. and like i mean we're just [ __ ] dude we're done we're done you know what i i i the video i watch these videos um of all these boomers like they get scammed. online yeah it's kind of like catfish. but it's an online. show scam fish i think you know you it. i love it and these old people their brains are it. we as younger people are like oh they're so dumb. they're not dumb their brains. are just not ready for what the internet. had to offer they're not. they're not their brain like they're not their brains are done. forming and they they can't. do it they cannot right. figure out that that is a scammer. that the person on the other side. of this is not that. super sexy man with the [ __ ] stubble. beard who's like looking at the camera. with the roast like it's some guy in nigeria just like on a headset doing this. to 20 other people at the same time. yeah dude you know man. would you i be i bet. i would get i would be so i bet. i would love that job. okay real real quick my point was. that's going to be us. with ai like we are so not ready. to have a world where ai. is so prevalent. we're all going to. be like those old people who are [ __ ] idiots scammed. by nigerians like the kids are going to. grow up and just be like they're going to. literally see a video and they're going. to be like well who knows if that's real. they'll be their default. is like and ours is like not that ours is i saw i saw trump [ __ ] a donkey he [ __ ] a donkey i swear to. god you know like the black mirror. right wasn't that the one. where he [ __ ] the pig. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's the first episode. yeah okay i mean you know. this the first episode okay dude. i saw that show rabbit hole. don't know it you don't with ke. for southernland in i saw an ad. for it i don't know. the show though bro. you know you see that. [ __ ] ad for that show and i'm like is it 24 basically you know i see that i'm like dude. my nights are they're. done for now i'm just going. watch the whole thing rabbit. hole so basically it's kind of like that. like close to. do with the i with the ai. and all this and like they put stuff. in and they they scam. people that way and um and i watched. two whole episodes and i and i don't have a [ __ ] dude it was so bad dude it's so bad that even i can't watch it it's so bad that um what do you call it i was watching it and they try to. it's a little bit like 24. in the in the suspense style. not the keir's in it. so it's like 24 yeah. yeah if he wasn't in i wouldn't think that but right. um but dude it literally they try. to have humor in it. which is so weird like a okay. yeah but they try to. have like banter oh yeah. where they're like it's very 30. years ago that kind of thing. you know yeah dude it's like you make they're like they're like that's not the face. you're supposed to. make if you're doing this. and like not that's not a line. but like that's the style and you're just like oh they're bantering. it's like [ __ ] george castanza should be in who what's it about though. you don't even know dude. how could it exist. and nobody knows what the show's. about it it i watched. two episodes so he he basically um gets a job to. try and he has to. like get two people together. and have it look like they're colluding. so they can take a picture of it. so he he does this. whole [ __ ] thing where he's like all right. we're going to pick. the person up and pretend we're a cabbie and then them the wrong. way and then wow you know wow. s like somebody drops something. they pick up and give it to. the other they snap the shot. what's it on uh permount plus oh okay which i like i like per. plus i do too but um you know. why american animal on paramount. it is that's movie why don't you. ever say movie paramount plus. american animal it's the only place. to stream it in its finest. form yeah yeah also the beavers and but had movies on there so that's get oh i i still i have to. watch wait the old one no the new new one. the new that's not movie. it's a series no it's a movie it. is i to watch. it [ __ ] hilarious okay cool so anyway uh this a bit off the rails. of this podcast so um he does that. and then at the end of the first. episode i'm not ruining it. because the first episode is a pilot. is what it's about. um you find out that the guy. that he tried to. set take the picture with and the woman. they die and everyone. thinks it's him cuz he did. all this cuz he did all this. [ __ ] and it's like was i set up by the dude and then at the end of the episode he goes home. and the guy this is so weird. the guy who he took was in the picture. that was dead is now at his house. all tied up is like look. at i'm eating an apple what that's not good. thank you we're going to. go with another idea but thanks for coming. in so so do you want to. buy it 20 million so dude. that's the every episode cost. 3 million so dude and then the second episode. is just like more of that. and i'm just like you know. what i actually can't do this. sounds a little too heady. yeah yeah but also that with kefir. southerland that doesn't sound like the right. mix yeah keer southerland is like for dumb shows i know like dumb minds. you know in the good way. i i know yeah popcorn. this is maybe that but but just biting off a little bit. more that it can chew. you know okay okay well don't watch rabbit. hole watch american animal on paramount. plus uh yeah you got to. talk to your [ __ ] loser ass brother. okay what's next oh wow. i'm losing my voice great. hey chris and matt love. the podcast chris we saw you in lakeland. you were phenomenal matt. you're awesome uh my name is amanda i'm a middle. school art teacher i work in a k8 and here's my problem. my classroom next door neighbor. is the elementary school teacher. this guy has no boundaries he comes in my classroom. all the time announced he gives me. way information more information about. his personal life than i would ever need and recently. i found out he's been stealing. my lesson plans so the first time. i called him out and he just like acted like it. was a coincidence he had no. idea and then i found another one. of my projects that he's doing. and the issue is that his fifth. graders this year are going. to come to me next. year going to be like we've already. done this so i'm just wondering if you have any advices. what should i do let me. know thanks dude okay that's the kind of situation. you got to rat his ass. out that's you got to. rat his ass out. you confronted him he didn't want. to confess he doesn't want to. change did the right. thing by confronting him. yeah you got to. rat his ass out. go to the principal. straight up doesn't matter and if he's like how could you do that. to me he like what. do you mean no you didn't stop when i confronted. you that's a rat yeah you got a rat his ass. that's a rat unless you say yo i'm going. to have to. [ __ ] go above you if you don't stop doing so you think she should talk to. him one more time. and say that i don't like being a rat but he that. guy's putting her in an off. a position that's what i'm. saying you can't she can't win. without an appeal to. authority if she's just going to. keep doing it uh nobody's going. to know if she doesn't say something. and then she's going to. look bad because or rather. she's going to have to. do extra work right. and she does have to. say something because honestly it's directly d. it's also directly affecting her. work and h making her do more. work in the long run. so say if you don't stop i'm going. to have to. rat you out and then if he still does. it rat him out yeah. or rat him out honestly. yeah i mean i wouldn't gave him a shot yeah. exactly that's what i think you're not. in you're not in any sort of wrong. dude that's wild if you want to. do extra like give him. the benefit of doubt you can warn them. one more time but i yeah i would definitely not. you already did i i want. to know how you prove that. someone is stealing your lesson. plan talk to the kids. no i i understand but like how do you know. that i'm sure like it's kind of the same. [ __ ] you have there's curriculum okay how prove it not how do you prove. it but how do you even know. how are you so [ __ ] sure he's stealing the less play how do they differ. how much do they differ. to where it's like do you know. what i'm saying i don't i i'm assuming. she has more than just like a hunch. though but what i'm saying. is crazy guy dude. i got to clean. my it got dirty so what i'm saying. is though is like in a lesson. plan uh you like you have to. go over what world war i. world war ii [ __ ] if it's history and then he's going over world. war one world war ii. how do you how do you say you stole that. you understand what i'm saying i do but that what is the lesson. plan part because it's more specific than just world. war i it's a specific lesson. and exercise and class project right. so he's stealing exactly what. those things are what i got from yo. i had them do a poster. board of [ __ ] you know the spanish. inquisition this guy's doing a poster. board of the spanish that's not. what it is that's not what they're doing. but yeah why how do you know. that because she teaches k. through 8 she's not teaching about the spanish. inquisition you know what's the spanish. inquisition yeah yeah what's a bayonet well you can impale. someone with it [applause]. yeah no they're not learning. about that yet if at all. all right okay so do that. yep hey chris hey matt. i just want to. get your guys's opinion on. your friends dating your exgirlfriends uh what you guys. think about that is that crossing the line. or whatever um kind of confused right. now just because i have that going. on in my life my one. of my friends is let me know that. he's going to be in a relationship. with one of my exgirlfriends and uh is that like bro. code or or what um. let me let me know what you guys. think uh chris i'll see you april. 1st in minneapolis hey peace. that'll be there too si. sick sick chris dot com. dude [ __ ] get over i have a specific opinion about this. but go ahead i think just get over. it bro try to. get over it because it there. no nobody it's doing nobody any good of course. try to get over. it but my yeah but if it's really here's the thing. if if it was a very recent relationship. then there's a real issue. with what's up with that friend. that's not a good friend. no it's [ __ ] up uh and but assuming it's been ample time. if you're still upset about it. that's kind of on you it's still very annoying. but like you got to. roll with the punches and let it go if it's been like two years bro. but also here's the thing. it's good for you if it bothers you cuz you still. like it or whatever. then it's good anyway to. act like you don't care. so either act like you don't care. or don't care either. one it's good but why is it. good for him to. act like he doesn't care because it certainly isn't good. for him to act like he cares. well unless he's like you know what [ __ ] my friend i don't want to. have anything to. do with them and that's [ __ ] of my ex. and i'm not speaking to. them ever again well yeah i guess you could also do that i'm that's good for him. well yeah but i'm saying if you like want to. engage in friendship warfare you know. like some sun [ __ ] but yeah i mean obviously the best uh route is just to. bye yeah byebye t. tata what if you did that the clicking of your rings tata. byebye what else is there no so kich. whatever the [ __ ] no that that's i think that's hello. um that's hello um so also it should just be mushy huh. too long mushi mushi. yeah mushy just mushi dude. moshi moshi moshi how do you know it's moshi. so she spell it m mo. moshi moshi moshi moshi i like mushi well sometimes it sounds like that say it fast. you know uh yeah all right. look so i think that honestly. the time is a big factor like if it's a month. that's [ __ ] of of him you know cuz also if it's a month it's also longer than a month that's the thing they've been lying to. you for a little bit you got to. know that well no here's the thing. though if it's been a long time. and like you said your friend. came to you and was like hey i wanted to. let you know then he kind of did. it right he did do it. right he came correct if you found out about it. and then the friend was like ah yeah i'm sorry. man i i wanted to. tell you but didn't know how like that that's shitty. but if the friend was even had the not courtesy but like your friend. respects you if he comes to. you and says look i know you guys. had a relationship but like her and i know each other and i don't know what's going. on but like i really want to. take her like you know. whatever on a dat i really. want to start i just want. to let you know you know it's not like he's asking you he doesn't have to. ask you but he's doing the right. thing by coming to. you and telling you that. this is what he plans. on doing i don't think that. you have very solid ground. to stand on to. be legit pissed unless again. unless it was very recent. uh and i'm talking like within a year. i think a year is a pretty. a year is a good benchmark. yeah um but you know. it's a tough thing i don't care. if my my budd go out with my exes. but like i don't know it. weird i'm kind like a real real strong. guy i'm i'm like stuff doesn't bother. me like i'm a ston wall. you know oh nice okay. well yeah i'm a real man. i mean like i know it's cool. to like show your emotion. but like when i need to. bro yeah i can just be a [ __ ] stone wall okay well that's actually not good nothing bothers me. it's not good someone i love. get murdered in front of. me just honestly go about my day. if i need to. right okay cuz i i've you're a terrible. person no it's like you know jason. stay them in the beginning. of movies that's what i'm like i'm familiar. oh right before he gets like talked back. into caring about stuff. 100% i don't do that mate. no that's not for me. i just murder like and then like a little chinese. girl arrives oh yeah and he's like you remind me. of my daughter she died. yeah ah [ __ ] now i'm all conflicted. and [ __ ] wow worst script. worst script ever what the [ __ ] now someone kidnapped. her ah for [ __ ] sake a [ __ ] go get her [ __ ] godamn it [ __ ] w imagine if there really was a script like that time to. go into the basement and [ __ ] hit the button and have the walls all open up. and have there be [ __ ] 165 million guns. that i haven't used jason's ad. libing again you're you're blowing it. we have the shot already we shot. that scene and you're blowing it. he doesn't need to. say it all right. saw rambo the other night. which what ambo last blood last blood. the last one the very last one. wow we're still 's like 74. dude you know i love stallone. yeah i know that he's a bud. he is a bud of yours. yeah love stallone he was. gangster in that movie ganger he's [ __ ] rambo of course he was but it's more. gangster 75 and he's just dude. he's barely he's so talk about stone cold. like me yeah okay. dude hey no do no. no don't you okay. oh okay okay and he dude. he pulled out a guy's heart. in the movie come on cut it. out cut it out or pulled. it out cut goes like this. with the knife and then goes why. pulls it out cuz he wanted the guy to. know that that's how it feels. that's that that happened to. him first well metaphorically it happened. to him because he lost. someone that was like a daughter to. him that's so stupid. cuz people talk about broken. hearts like it's not literal. it's it was like when your daughter dies. you go you know what i mean. my heart broke it was for him. though he said this is how it feels and he was going. like this and the guy was just like cuz he was cuz before that. he took [ __ ] bow and ars and he stuck okay good acting way far. away that was good acting how i did it. yeah cuz like i was a mim yeah. it was good think it. was good stop making me have. to repeat it yes it was good. because of can you just say. though because of how i because of how your body did and the sound effects. and all that what going clear. yeah so he's like that. and then he go and then he [ __ ] hops down walks across the barn. and goes this is how it feels. and he just goes he's giving the worst. hj of all the time. just and he goes and he goes and i'm watching it. with um was kristen awake. still no it was uh course not of course. not cuz that was happening. sam ch no sam my videographer. and he says take a bite dude. if he took a bite it would have gone. from a movie that i simply. had seen to top 10. movies of all time. i've ever seen right if at the end. he goes and eats the heart. come on bro. i don't know if that. would be good but okay. i i understand that you would love. it yeah yeah it's already. ridiculous it cut the heart out if they really went for it. dude there's too many. rambos and then and then all of a sudden like after that. a mexican dude it cuts. him and he goes meo. like oh the greatest movie of of all. time it's like an snl. sketch yeah all right. well i don't even remember what. the question was yeah i don't either. but that's definitely you should not. eat somebody's heart i think that cut someone's heart. out oh the boyfriend girlfriend right. yeah and then if he does that. to you he could do that. yeah if he does that. to you' be like this. is how it feels. and then cut his heart. out take out but this time take a bite out of it. okay but now if the guy takes that. advice and does that then you will. culpable so take we do the thing. in the beginning of the thing. was like we're not we're not you. know liist yeah yeah okay yeah okay so we think we're good. i think we're good all. right who's next hey chris. hey matt love the show. i think you guys are really funny. the way you interact with each other. hat so my issue is everywhere. i go i'm like a magnet for other guys. staring me down i'll just be going. about my day and i'll catch eye. contact with another guy and i'll wonder hey why are they staring at me. and all of a sudden now i'm in this. dominance game of staring contest get out. of and i'm like this is so stupid. and i always look away. right i but then i feel weak. no i just got dominated. so it's like lose lose. i keep staring and i'll probably wind up. in a fight and if i look away. i feel weak no so just wondering. what do you guys. do when that happens. and no they're not staring because of the sweater. i don't usually wear this. all right i was going. say yeah you you keep looking. you never break that. eye contact dude i'll tell you what right. now dude dude when people stare at me. i was joking around i say. i would do that to. i would not do that. d when people stare at me i [ __ ] look at them. this is this is my advice. to you if i ever give good advice. okay this is the advice. that i give to. you in in lifeline look at them. and when they're looking at you. imagine yourself eating them consume. them eat them eat their. imagine eating their face working. your way down from the neck. to the shoulders then eating their chest. and tommy imagine like pacman. eating their you know [ __ ] balls take some time. at the [ __ ] right i mean eat it just [ __ ] make it nice you know just eat in the car. right and then you know all the way. down and then and then and and and as you're watching them. you get lost in this. world of i'm eating this. [ __ ] and you don't even think about the fact that you're there staring and you'll win because they'll be like uh uh who are these people engaging in staring contests in the world what if this guy's just he doesn't know but he's walking around just like well that that that was one of my two thoughts is like maybe it's in your head now so you're engaging it and you're triggering it like at one time i thought this guy was following me when i was driving around and because i thought he was following me i like started kind of following him okay and then he stopped and he was like why the [ __ ] you follow me and i was like [ __ ] oh that's hilarious you know like what a dumbass you know um maybe this guy here look at me like maybe this guy is doing what i'm doing like be looking at me watch okay what's up like that's you you never know you know the other thing i thought is maybe people are like attracted to. him yeah maybe he's like a maybe honestly maybe his prototype is a gay. guy's dream and he's just gotay. actually honestly a gay guy. i know rather well looks exactly. like him and it might be like you've not realized it. but you've dipped into. like gayl looking territory oh you know. he does look pretty clean. and nice very the sweater. i know he doesn't always wear the sweater. but if he's wearing [ __ ] like that the sweater made me think it that he had a really manicured beard maybe like t like edge out like get edgier you know it. looks sloppier y and i bet. it'll happen less get some [ __ ] get a neck. tattoo you know what i mean. maybe do it like me. as long as it's the right. thing yeah cuz nobody thinks i'm gay. and dude and that would be okay. if i was people think i'm gay. people used to. think i was gay. way more than they do. now i had a guy one time. get in a cab with me. in new york when i i flagged it. down i got in and this dude. just opens the door slides in with me. he's like where do you. want to go i was like get the [ __ ] out of here. wow even if you were gay. like to so forward. and surprising like hey where you want. to go to be like wow. my house yeah no it might have not been the right. move even if i was gay. yeah i don't uh i've the the amount i've been hit on. by gay guys is so little yeah you don't seem very gay. at all okay yeah i i was going. to ask that because i mean. i'm talking about it's been so minimal i can't. even believe it maybe you're really ugly to. gay guys no cuz i've been hit on. by guys okay but i don't think i seem very i mean. maybe i do i don't know no. but me i i'm i'm a goodlook i got some [ __ ] going on right no i don't think gay guys would like you what yeah i think gay guys would like me a lot more you think though that it's probably comment and talk about who you like more all right so now that you said that it's going to. be [ __ ] they're going to. say you but it i'll take you to. gay city like i straight up and you know. i know we joke. around a lot but like i'll i would i would be really. good at doing all the gay. stuff we can't say it. but we can't say it. on the podcast but you know. what i'm talking about so you're you're saying. you would be good at being gay. bjs so and also just kind of taking care of okay. so are you gay. no but if i if i was i would really go into. it you'd be killing. you'd be killing it. dude cuz you know me. man oh all of a sudden oh i got you know i started getting tattoos i got all the tattoos you know yeah. mentality yeah yeah bro i mean. the other day i was there. was another one too oh. i started shopping getting stuff i couldn't stop oh god. what a terrible thing to. be told you how bad i felt. after i was shopping i didn't realize you spent too. much well what's too much. i don't know probably what you. did maybe yeah i don't know. but i just like and in my head. i was like i'll buy it i'll wear it on stage. it's okay and then i like i left. and i was like what am. i doing i got green. pants those pants were actually kind of cool they are gangster dude yeah they look like the riddler though kind of which is fine but which is fine but i didn't get the jacket that goes with it then it would that would have been terri and there was also a hat with a big question mark on it but uh all right well the guy yeah maybe first of what i would say is definitely you looking away is not you backing down and being weak you looking away is spending your time better. spending your time doing something. else rather than looking at dudes. in why would you want. to do that you're not you're not. gaining anything like what you're going. to what if the other guy. looks away you oh oh you won. mhm you're a [ __ ] loser. either way dude you should go. like this you should keep looking. at him and when he looks away. even though he doesn't see you he hears. you go yes dude i described that. really good and funny oh okay. well i'm glad you thought so about i thing. you did all right next. me hey uh chris i'm your brother. matt matt yeah what's up. man question i love this. guy what do you guys. do when your friend likes a girl. but the girl actually likes you. oh no oh came came so hard. at the end that that. was the last guy on the planet. that looks like he would have a nose. ring too that guy. killing it you know. that guy reminded me of is chris. moog moo yeah oh chris oh yeah. yeah yeah yeah chris chris mo. um uh well we love chrism i don't. dude that's a that is a good question. i think you don't do anything. unless you have feelings for the girl. then then everything's way complicated. but if you just happen. to know a girl likes you and if you're just trying. to get horizontal no no. if if you have no i'm just saying if if a girl happens. to know if you happen. to know a girl likes you but your friend. likes that girl and you're the only one. that knows both of those things. bye i see what you're. saying i don't necessarily disagree. with that um like don't get involved. but if you have feelings for her then there's a whole tangle. coming and you better [ __ ] straighten it. out with your friend before anything happens because that's like that's direct falling. out [ __ ] yeah so if you don't have feelings for her don't no harm. no f don't say. [ __ ] but if you do you're going to. want to address. it with your buddy. before anything happens yeah damn crazy. that is wild how that [ __ ] happens that happens. all the time years. the i would have [ __ ] the woman. and also the man. oh yeah you're just sounding. more and more gay as the show. goes on why cuz you said cuz i went shopping. no because you said you [ __ ] the guy five. years [laughter] ago uh yeah but it's all good. yeah dude uh yeah if you don't have feelings. for just leave it entirely. alone if you do and you plan on. acting on it definitely talk. to your friend first because that [ __ ] gets so sticky so fast yeah talk about staring contest like that is not i don't if i have so if i was in a situation where i liked a girl and the girl liked someone else which i suppose has happened before right not to. me but i to. be honest i don't remember a time. where that's happened i'm sure. it's happened right to. you too no not to. me not me but uh if it's happened. to you i could maybe remember time. but um so i i i i don't imagine what. i would do like i guess. if i liked a girl and she liked someone else and it was my friend. i guess that would it it. would be a thing that i would be like i would have to. get over right yeah but who cares. cuz if someone doesn't like you then well that. is the the mind that i am. like who gives a [ __ ] like if somebody doesn't like me. then i'm like oh well then what do. you care i don't like them. who else but also like if someone doesn't like you who do you. care that they end up. with like that they're they're not you're not. going to end up dating. them so like they could end. up dating somebody you've never met. or your [ __ ] second cousin. it doesn't matter talk but you're talking as a cool. guy that has options okay fair. enough you know what i mean. like some guys are just like right. but that mindset this is the girl. i like but that mindset. is important either way you're right. and helpful either way you're right. and it helps to. have that mindset so yeah. you know whether you have tons of options. or zero options it's it. helps to have that mindset. right true but but but she's the girl. i like you how about this. how about this i saw her first first oh the worst. dude i isar first is actually genuinely sexist cuz it's taking the agent away from the [ __ ] woman like it only she's just like there and whoever actually literally laid eyes on her first that's all that matters like what about what she wants yeah that counts that counts yeah yeah uh but yeah no uh it's just uh don't let it get sticky if if you have no feelings in the first place then who cares it does seem like he has no feelings yeah but he is calling in though true so he might have feelings all right well next one i like him though yeah he is i like his angle i like his nose ring hey mad ch. so so dud this past. week i was staying at a resort. with my girlfriend of course you who was attending. a conference with her coworkers and i hadn't met her. coworkers yet and i was not attending the conference this gu such a good voice. and so during the conference her coworkers. kept asking her like oh when are we going. to when are we going. to meet your boyfriend. oh boy and an inside. joke developed between them. where they would refer to. me as something that's not my name but starts with a first letter. of my name so like a different. name entirely or like a noun. a random object sure so my girlfriend. told me this and i'm like okay. whatever i don't care but then we were at. a party on the last night. of the conference and i finally met. everyone and we're all sitting down at a table and they start. this inside joke. where they're calling me by. something that's not my name. that's so and i didn't laugh. because i didn't think it. was funny also why would you laugh. anyway and like you know i wanted them. to like me but i'm not going. to laugh at something in which they're making fun. of my name just so that. they like me mhm but like it. got awkward after that. so i don't know i just wish there. was something that i could have said that. would have been funny but then also would have put them in their place. because like if you want to. talk to me call. me by my name and if you're not going to. i'm not going to. talk to you wow. deeper let me know what you guys. think we're getting to. the root of the problem his dad. called him boy a lot. you know hey boy. i don't know what do. we think i mean i think first of all. let it go bro. it it's not as serious. as that at first i kind of was like with him. and then i was like oh deeper. yeah i'm with him until he starts. caring that they called him. that it's not that you shouldn't. care that they called. you about that but you don't have. to laugh and you shouldn't feel like you have to. laugh cuz all that is is annoying. and they shouldn't expect you to. laugh because it's not you're you're not on. the inside of that. j yeah and also it's not. funny yeah there's nothing funny. about it you have to. laugh i mean i have a feeling. like if it got awkward if it. got awkward then he wasn't just not laughing. right he was like fuming. yeah he was like my name is steve. and they're calling me sachs. okay my name's not socks. my name's not simba okay. that's great great i'm glad everybody's. having a great time except me. uh anyway i'm steve or ori goes. funny yeah right yeah yeah i mean. gu i guess i'm just my name's sunset now. huh guys well what it. might have been is like so awkward. it wasn't awkward but his girlfriend. was like why didn't you laugh. when they said that. you because women like to. complain and and then also have the you make it about something. because she wanted it. to go over and everybody. be friends with everybody and s deeper. you and uh yeah i don't know. man ju let it go let it go let it go and it's not my name he was just like and i you know and they're not saying my name and i just don't think it's funny and it got real awkward and so like just [ __ ] fuming just don't laugh didn't eat at all you know has has slept in days the whole time food just piled on just yeah it's good food god i wish we could see a video it too i wish to. take a video of it. next time yeah it's not going to. happen again no no. no no not with this world. famous podcast oh not with the reaction. that it had he had i don't think they're going. to do it again. yeah true right right right. right you know they're all scared. of him now and [ __ ] you know he has a great. voice though you should have like a radio show. or something that guy's got a good voice. you know what do radio. fine do radio his voice. is fine you know. that thing he's got a face. for radio yeah that's not what i meant. so don't take it this. guy seems sensitive i don't want him. to think i say he's ugly. so i was on he calls. into the [ __ ] bad friends so i was on another podcast and they told me to. to do radio. is it because i'm ugly. i mean it's fine. i just got real awkward after. after they said that. i was in my car. just alone kind of like all. all right matt chris i need advices. i absolutely love this podcast. it is never not funny. and the energy between the two. of you was a immaculate. so i recently made the decision. to pursue my doctorate in experimental. psychology i'm currently 28. years old another seven years. of school wow very cool. um i went back. to grad school late. so taking out student loans. right now at this. particular point in time is dumb okay however. that being said i feel like i finally found. the path that i want. to go down i love what. i'm studying i'm good at. it and there is a demand for this. particular field okay but i cannot seem to. get over the fact that it means i have to. slide into even more depbt that i am currently. in just to finish. this and i know that if i keep this. mindset i'm not going to. get through this program i have a very very long road. ahead of me so i could use some motivation. if you're up for it and any words. of wisdom you have to. offer in terms of reframing this. in a more positive mindset. long term i could really hear right. now too so thanks love you. both all right let say. your let's let's just say you're $115,000 in debt. now and if you take out. student loans to. finish this sevenyear program of experimental. psychology i think is what she said. right uh then at the end of that. you'll be $50,000 in yeah. i'm just pulling and then let's say you don't do. it and in seven years. you've paid off that $155,000 but it's just seven. years have passed and you aren't [ __ ] yet. that you want to. be it's always better to. be once you graduate you can. get a [ __ ] sick ass job. as someone with a degree. in experimental psychology and pay. off 50 whatever thousand it is way easier. than you can probably pay $155,000. off now because you have a [ __ ] degree in a [ __ ] sick department like you can do [ __ ] with that degree yeah uh and also it's seven years if you don't do it you're going to. look back and be like ah what is debt. who cares money is just money. like i i should have done the thing. that i wanted to. do i as far as i see. it you don't have a choice. you have to. do that it's in front of you. it's what you want to. do it's what you can. do and all you got to. do is go deeper. into debt to. get it like it's worth. it that is worth it. that things cost good things. cost valuable prices for a reason. uh and this is just the cost. of doing business to. get what you want in this. department do it good things. cost valuable prices um i think a jeweler. you know um i think that the energy. of which you started talking about. it to the energy. of which you ended in the video. was drastically different and it's because of one thing you became a little bit negative. while you were talking the positivity. that you radiate and the jubilant nature. that you have robot. um is is what's going to. propel you and get you through all of everything. that you need to. and i don't know what the market's. like in the job uh search of experimental uh psychology. she said it's like a it's a it's a market. that like needs people to. have degrees well i've had experimental psychology or psychiatry and um you know. i know that the the people out. there you would have your at least. your vibe would have i would. have really been it would have been welcomed. um because not everybody's like that. there are a lot of good. people that go into. this field well le the people that i've i've uh man is in the given yeah yeah yeah exactly um so i you know yeah i think matt's point is probably the best. point i mean um the alternative is the school. i mean thatt sucks man. you know and i don't know how easy it is. for you to pay it. off per month. or whatever it is per. year but it'll be easier. once you have the [ __ ] degree. that's redemption right and if if the job. is in demand and if it's going to. be in demand and whenever you're done. then and if you think that that. looks promising then i say you do. it yeah dude yeah remember when you called me. a jeweler i just didn't appreciate. it uh and i didn't laugh. and i don't know i don't know what it's going. to be like i don't know what it's going. to be like moving forward. with you as my brother. it'll be fine probably i can't. believe i'm 43 you want. to try some of this. cake or no sure life. pips yeah life pips don't we. fly high look how i do it. a little bit further with the fork. in infomercial oh i see yeah. and just like that we're able. to make a nice clean. piece of cake how much would a thing that cuts. cake really efficiently be a thing. that there's an infomercial. for oh yeah what's good is. that we have plates. you know what i'm talking. about no oh yeah we don't that's the piece. i want that's the piece i want too. i was g to. grab it but it's all where's my piece was it. good yeah well here's the thing. about you you don't usually. like things that are good you like shitty. things this is good or this. is like the kind of shitty. thing you like you're going. to like it so it's not. good you don't like it. no yeah okay i knew it. yeah okay uh all right. here here here here here let's see. if i'm right all right let's see if i'm right. oh wow stab it in the back. of your throat wow that's sweet. that's good though yeah it's pretty. sweet yeah to. eat that but yeah you know. it's 6 a.m. right now but yeah and then you got me. this this is so heavy. yeah it looks heavy. so like a bulletproof vest. i need to get one. of those a bulletproof face. mask why don't they have those oh yeah i thought it was going. to be like come on bro. well you're not supposed to. open them until you're ready. to use they're all like [ __ ] squirty they're supposed. to be he said try. it on oh hey look squirty you know. try it on walk right. up they're like wet naaps and [ __ ] right oh dude i thought that was a i thought it was like a co. face mask no oh wow. dude this entire time. i was like why'd you get him. a face mask anthony. that's so stupid dude. wow anthon's laughing i'm getting pissed. off looking at you open. now dude it's so h. don't put it on your you. got sunglasses on yeah. so i'll have to. well now my hands are all back. can you do it che. i'm gonna break out i'm g. break out we have [ __ ] red rash oh my god oh hannibal lector straight up okay this straight up does nothing i there's no way this does there's no way that does [ __ ] laying down and [ __ ] press. against your face smells really good though. okay well now you have 29 enjoy him. yeah e yeah dude. it looks bad it even. looks disgusting on your hand. when you have the liquid. on it ew dude. this thing sucks dude. you got all over your face. now looks like you got [ __ ] see jobby all over there i got to. wash my face all right. yeah well let's end the show. uh thanks everybody for uh coming on the lifeline. we love you happy. birthday chris thanks and then also come see. me in ohio hopefully the rash will be gone. by then chris dot com uh mata. dot com if you want uh oneonone with me. privacy guaranteed uh and we got the new. merch the lifeline merch and if you have a question. uh click the link below or what's the other. way to do it. uh ask lifeline ask lifeline. ask lifeline watch lifeline dot com uh thank you everybody. uh hopefully chris doesn't have a rash. for his big special coming up. in a couple days and at and next time. we see you he will have shot his special. oh and look here he is. do you want to. say something before we go. yeah i got a little bit of that. stuff in my eye and now i can't like really see on the right. see right now we can't see so i'll be blind. and so much rash when i shoot. so far okay uh we got the new merch. buy your purple before it goes. out of out of stock before it. goes out of business. you know that's uh going to. be the hot seller all right. uh love you guys basement. see you next week see you. guys hello [music] helloo. hell hello 