 okay well yes and jeremy and jeremy rank. s [music] and lifeline trying. to kill a fly [laughter]. here we are fine. again i understand what i said it's lifeline. again i understand it's funny. what you said and i could have said. that oh i i bring a really. unique voice and i'm funny too dude. so don't try to. be like you know what i'm saying. uh i actually do know. what you're saying there we go. so but whatever you know so look man. we have another episode of lifeline. we're about to. start another episode of lifeline. it's all good and we're having a good. time yeah we are having a good. time having a good time. having a good time yeah and i'll tell you this. much we got a new camera. to cover uh the two producers and that's great. oh we did yeah it's right. there um and uh it's great. to have that because you know. every now and then they want to. pop some [ __ ] and say some [ __ ] we got anthony mic'd up finally uh and it's good right yes sir great everything. is anthony's back's feeling good today that's good his back's. feeling good because his back. wasn't feeling good for a bit. um and uh it's weird to. just say that without context. and that's fine but if you say anthony's back's. feeling good today it implies. that his back hasn't been feeling. good right but then people but when you say anthony's back feeling good today people think well wait hold on what happened. and now i have to. explain it you don't have. to explain right. but that's okay well you do have to. explain it because it's a podcast. it's not a [ __ ] movie made by like you know what i mean. darren aronofsky and you just be like well the audience. will think what it thinks what if darrenowsky darren aronofsky. directed this podcast wow dude. it would be like so it'll be all handheld. yeah yeah all closeups yeah. and something biblical would happen. yeah then the movie would be bad oh the religious. one it's a hater it's a hater. somebody would drill something into. their head isn't that what happens. in pie ruined it. wow so look um it's so old yeah it's an old movie. you know it's in black. and white it was in the 40s. so um look uh i was on my way. here and uh got in my car. well gotta take a sip that's great. okay well this story is terrible. so far yeah but it really ramps. up uh i was getting out. of the car i walked by. uh i was coming into. the building this guy was riding a bicycle. like one of these like with pretty wide. handlebars not like a schwinn like one that like is an older. one that looked like it. could fall apart very easily. like the kind of bike. that looks like cruiser hanging. on the cliff yeah yeah yeah like a fantasy. yeah okay yeah i mean. it wasn't like he was [ __ ] get your motor on and down it was but it was a cruiser like with a banana seat you know what i'm talking about. yeah the seat that comes. up and scoops the your back. right and he was riding on it. past me i mean the guy. had to be in his 50s yeah. had a one of those fbi. like police badges not fbi. but a police badge like he was in uh what's that. show with michael chiklis oh. the commish the shield. the shield on one. of these cruisers with the banana. on it okay that that. what was he and my question. is now what the hell. do you think he was doing a being a cop. on his day off letting people know. flexing it though that he's also a cop. so don't start anything or crazy. person because where was it downtown right. outside it was a crazy. guy there's not even looking like it. though but but he was but why did he have the badge the [ __ ] wait i'm i'm from chicago. why do you have the badge. uh because he's crazy. so how do you get the badge. you can get a badge. made dude i was just listening to. a podcast episode about a guy. who pretended he was a cop. all the time and made like special made badges. i want to. do that also maybe he stole a badge. from a cop right. it is pretty crazy down. here i mean donald skid row. dude you can get badges. for anything right down the street. down on skid row. oh what do you mean. down the street there's uh i got like an army. surplus store i got a guy i got the bike. in the badger the same. place okay i got a guy um so so yeah so anyway uh that was what happened. and i was i wanted. to get your take on. it well the tick is. crazy person okay because we're downtown downtown or hollywood. if you ever have a question. of is that person really what they look. like they are or are they a crazy. person the answer is always a crazy. person i guess so yeah i guess you're probably right. the other day i was in hollywood. and i saw a guy dressed like barney the dinosaur. was it really barney he was. running across the street and i thought the same. thing is that really barney or is that a crazy. guy and i think it was a crazy. guy wow okay yeah well that's great. um are you gonna get more tattoos yeah. you're gonna get covered. no i am well did you oh you see. my tattoos whoa you got two. but in the same place. that's pretty if i get another one. i'm gonna go to. the same place why let me. see here oh because i feel like it. all right man i know you know you don't have to. be like that because i'm the boss. of me why i don't know. i don't like here's why. okay i don't like tattoos that are like all. over the body so at first. you will at the very at least. at the very outset i wanted. my first two to. be in the same place. you will you'll come around. shut up you know. what i mean dude. how annoying is it. when someone's like you will. yeah that's i hate that. more than anything i know you do that's why. i did it i hate. that that's why i did it. okay well no i didn't want. it because i wanted to. open the door and talk. about how much you hate. it okay charlie rose um dude. um all right so what's been going. on with you man. i was on the road. i was home did you not want. to talk about that okay. uh oh yeah how was the road. it was good i'm gonna be in new york. coming up here uh on the 18th. i will be in rhode island. uh i will be in kansas. city missouri i will be in tulsa. i will be in minneapolis. i will be in austin. i will be in midland. texas milwaukee uh chrisley dot com. and many more for tickets. chrisley dot com and that's what's up. salt lake city boise uh let's have a good time. dude don't push me remember don't push me. yeah minneapolis no chinchinatti no. weird no i'm not because i'm not racist. no i'm not my mistake. though um so yeah so i am uh. it was good i was in new orleans. i was in um different. places it doesn't really matter. wow bailed on yourself oh [ __ ] hard it doesn't matter i'll talk about in my podcast congress dude i've been doing dealing with some pretty real stuff on uh my oneonone sessions oh really yeah well that's cool people get pretty serious with me on there and then i hang up on them and block them forever no i really welcome help them through their issues and i'm a really good guy to. bounce stuff off yeah and i knew. that all along but the thing. is now it's proven because i've been doing this. for a while now i'm a therapist and people really really love it. and you're welcome okay. so go to matalia. dot com to. get the oneonone of my sessions. yeah and uh go to. watch lifeline dot com if you have a question. click the link in the description. below and the new ll merch. lifeline merch is uh lifetime. merch dot com oh it pisses me. off as you rent you ran too. fast through with my mathilea dot com. thing no way because you you talked about it. so much you did it. fast but you talked about it. so much so i say oh it's mentally. dot com no but that's it. that's what you did. the heavy lifting and then i was like by. the way it's at mathlete dot com. i was like ring ring through. the neighborhood on a bike. and you just went through. it please badge on oh. yeah with the police badge. all right um so yeah i haven't seen you in how long has it. been a while i guess. i think so last two. two weeks ago. last week last week yeah. we're getting construction done at the house. and uh calvin you know. how like you'll be getting construction done. and it'll be like you'll just be hanging out. and then all of a sudden you'll just hear like yeah. yeah yeah yeah and you're just like are. they drilling or what's happening. are they putting boards up. on the sides you know. are they scratched in the house. and cal every time he does. a cow goes like this. i did it every time so how often is he say. that to 57 times it's not. happening that much oh it'll be like every now and a bit you. know and so how did you shoot. it how did you say it. he says i toot it. and then i laugh and then he laughs what's up. kids finding out that something they did is funny. and then never stopping doing that. thing ever ever i'm still in that. phase yeah i know yeah. i never stopped doing that yeah. but that's that's when you're an adult. it's annoying when you're a kid. it's really annoying no because at least when you're an adult. you know how to. like kind of do it operate. it in a way that's not super. annoying but as a kid. it's just like like i was with calvin. the other day and you weren't. there i wasn't and he was like i made a joke. about uh sneezing a certain way. you did i did okay. and then he immediately after i did it. started doing the exact same. thing really and making it. so that it wasn't funny. anymore no it was still funny. no it was cute. it wasn't funny anymore. though uh yes it was oh okay. i'll argue with you on that. okay what was the thing i made him. laugh by saying i sneezed like this. oh okay and then he laughed really hard. and he said i go. like this snake pumpkin watermelon. and it was just like that's really funny. yeah that would keep being funny. no matter how many times wow. okay um what you're biased there. really is lost your mind. how weird is it. what about the fact. that you used to. sing the lucky dog song yeah. when i was a kid. i bet that was too. um like a dog i'm a lucky. dog i didn't know everyone was listening. to me i go i'm a lucky. dog and then i stopped and everyone clapped to. the dining table felt shame. all good no but then but then you sang it. all the time to. make people laugh okay i think i probably did. it that was one of the last. times i did it wow. i'm being honest you retired. it at that point yeah. everyone was making was was laughing. with clapping on me. they thought it was cute. and i was like ah [ __ ] i really actually thought it was rocking and they think i'm cute. this is actually crappy made me feel shame. set me up further in my life. so now i do it. but it's all good though. how old were you when i did that. yes well we moved to. la when i was 12. so before that i don't know. not at all i don't know. how long before you know. what i mean i mean. because obviously you were before. 12. i have no idea though okay. um so anyway dude. you know we could get into. some stuff here you want. to get into some stuff. okay well don't be shitty. about it i mean. yeah duh all right whoa. i'm a huge fan of the podcast. it's the best podcast out there. in my opinion wow i'm an animator and graphic designer. and i'm starting to. worry about ai developing at a rapid. pace i'm not sure if it's a threat. or an ally to. designers in the industry i've already lost. clients should i be worried. what are your thoughts on ai. such as chat gpt and midjourney. affecting the creative field. and anyways here are your images. made with midjourney here is matt. on an airplane after terrifying. all of the passengers with his xanax. freak out whoa and here is chris. looking dope as [ __ ] look what. it says why it says phil. philan on his shirt. thanks guys wow that. was max headroom that's my favorite. guy because he involved. me and it made him. look and an image of me. was in it okay. it's my favorite one. okay you know so i was just thinking about this. actually i i think we're all thinking about this. a lot lately because everyone's scared. because everyone knows it's happening. it's bad it's coming for a truck. everyone from truck drivers to. you're done screenwriters screen everybody. in between yeah designers oh absolutely yeah. you should be worried without a new. question you should be worried yep. uh you should already be thinking. about ways that you can. be a doctor no doctors are way. too yeah i know are you kidding. me doctors are going to. be the first ones that are out i know. imagine going to medical. school for nine years and then at the very end they're just like no we don't need proctologists we don't get this. robot that goes inside your ass. and you don't even feel it. and it cures everything. you ever had in your ass. oh disgust disgust so painful. so painful so so painful. yeah but it feels strangely. good because it's the robot. i don't know how to. do it i think everybody. is going to be at the very least. like slightly touched by the ai. boom but it's not gonna happen. like right away you look like you're in your 30s. you're probably fine i don't know. it happens really bad it. does but like the full takeover. i think will take a while. what's gonna happen is it's gonna start. being laws that protect workers in all fields and because they're trying. to get away no and that's okay. what go ahead hello. no help no help no. fixed oh my god why are they trying. to get away because it hurts but the robot. knows why would they do it. if it hurts then it's it's yeah is that. the ai does it in a way. that doesn't hurt they have. to take the cancer. anyway okay anyway uh relax the government is gonna at least in places. like america gonna come up. with laws that prohibit the ai. to that take away. certain jobs but in places. like china and russia they're not going. to prohibit that [ __ ] so in china they're going to. have the greatest ai [ __ ] ever and no one will have jobs there anymore. but the government will give a [ __ ] here they're going to. try to prolong it. as long as possible. but it still won't matter. oh in china oh no oh no. no relax missed. no no no no no oh relax. catch these tunes we built this city. we built this city on rock. and roll the most oh it's a good song. we built this city oh okay you good yeah. okay um and then so but that'll be china. that's the most chinese song to. play too no it's not. it is all right all right. all right cool uh but yeah i want. to do that but so bad you kept. talking dude everyone is screwed with. ai i know it's just everyone is. messed up and it's not gonna be good for anybody what do. you think the last job. will be that uh is okay. fine like wait what do you mean. at the last job. that ai could possibly. take over because it's such a human. i mean i think i think actually athletes because no one cares. if they're nonhuman can win. because they know it. can right right right so anything athletic and most competition things no one. is going to want. to attend or care if as something nonhumans doing it right so sports but that's i mean that's such a limited i know so few people are good enough at sports to play them maybe art you know like painting ah see yeah i think that but i guarantee you something in five six years is going to change our minds about it yeah yeah yeah i totally agree they're gonna like understand abstraction or something you know what i mean which is the thing that's missing yeah you know the human element is always like the creative part but this chat gpt stuff it's like it writes better on the spot stories than i mean we can yeah and they used to have agents like cover like junior agents cover what the scripts are about and now you can just have chad gbd do that yes and they write better log lines than you and they do it in a [ __ ] second yes so it's crazy dude but but proctologist for sure is gone yeah surgeons are maybe not doctors who are like gps yeah prognosticators or whatever you call them yeah but or diagnosticians you know what i'm saying yeah okay cool because i don't but not diagnosticians because that will be able to they'll put little bugs in your thing and they'll go and i'll be like i know what it is for some stuff but sometimes there's like a like a suite of symptoms that only a human would be able to know because it's like i don't think so okay well i don't think you're right a little bit but think about it for a little bit okay oh i'm right you didn't think about it no i mean you might be right but i'm saying that's the ones who diagnose are going to be they're the longest the virgins are out yeah because the doctor will be like the doctor bot will be like oh wait it is has actually nothing to do with the anus my bad what the heck now oh no that's okay no lawsuit please when i went in for surgery for my sinuses the drip of the drugs took like too long oh no no it was yes oh no because you was feeling nice but like there was the single best feeling i've ever had was the slow drip of because it's the best feeling i have and i'll never have a better feeling oh no what was it that they were giving you. they were giving you yeah. yeah i actually don't know. the doctor would come along with with some powder he's like here. you go and just you're like what. was that oh my god oh dude. no they were playing flat. fat bottom girls by queen really yeah for real oh wow and then one of the doctors was singing and they were like hey like when i came in it was like i was like whoa everybody's so happy i didn't feel so good because of the drug what did it. feel like it felt like i weighed. nothing it felt like nothing in the world. could possibly matter oh wow. i felt so just happy. was it did you for it. truly euphoric wow did. it feel better than bustin i mean. by so much what that isn't common. it felt because it was way. more all encompassing oh it wasn't just like us. uh located anywhere it was. every it was everything everywhere. about everything it's about this. and coming so i'm coming day. and night i mean. it's terrific right so yeah. that's that's me so yeah. you're worried you're [ __ ] dude. everyone's [ __ ] yeah designers totally screwed uh i mean he said he's already losing clients. yeah nobody's not going to. be touched by this you. should be very scared. yeah uh that's it even. standup comedy the funny bot. in on uh live um south park. have you ever seen the funny. box no no it's so funny dude. they do comedy awards. and germans come in last. place and they're like we are funny. and then they make a funny bot. that's great and then the funny. bot does a joke. and the german guy has like a gun and he's like yeah so who's funny. now like oh wow that's cool. it's really funny south park. is the funniest show i know. it's funny it's very funny. okay let's do it. this episode is brought to. you by betterhelp uh when i go to. therapy and i'm grounded it. really it therapy really helps. me be grounded and it helps me. feel like my best self. right um so i need to. be in therapy uh it's necessary. for me uh and when you're at your best. which is when i'm at my best. i can do great things. uh but sometimes look life. gets me down life can get you down. and you may feel overwhelmed or like you're showing. up uh in a way. that you uh don't want to. or you're not showing up in the way. that you do want to. working with the therapist can really. help you get closer. to the better version of you. uh when you feel empowered you're more. prepared to take on. everything life throws at you if you're thinking of giving therapy. a try better help is the it. is such a great. option it's super convenient it's flexible it's affordable. and best of all it's entirely. online you don't have to. go somewhere all you got to. do is just fill out a brief questionnaire to. get matched with a licensed. therapist uh and switch therapists anytime. you want with no extra. charge it's just the easiest. way to do it. and in these times too with everything. on zoom it's just. it's really beneficial and it's great. if you want to. live a more empowered life. therapy can get you there. visit betterhelp dot com. lifeline today to. get 10 off your first month. that's betterhelp help dot com. slash lifeline one chris marco. what's up guys i've got a question. about being an audience. member at a standup show that. is not going well is it. nice to give a comedian. pity laughs or is it. better feedback to. not laugh at all. and let them know that they're bombing. good question let me know what you think. yeah either leave or don't laugh. unless you want to. laugh jeez really yeah. why i would think the opposite. give him a little bit of a chocolate. yeah people always tell me at comedy. shows they feel bad if no one's laughing right. then if that's true though. why is no one. laughing you see what i'm saying. well if everybody feels bad that someone's bombing. then why is no one. courtesy laughing because some people in those situations. it's pretty rare that people are laughing. just to be nice i don't. know that's just like an open. mic you know right. yeah uh i mean you could tell what those. kinds of laughs are and they're awful. and when i hear them. which is never but you know. they're the worst you hear. other for other people and it's like oh this. is terrible i'd rather though just not. laughing at all you need to. be good you need to. be good you're not going. to get good there needs. to be stand up. is hard because it's [ __ ] hard you can't do it and and coast. this is like you're gonna you're gonna do and get these pity. laughs from friends this is why. a lot of these [ __ ] people get like nowadays netflix specials and [ __ ] because they're just like you know they fit a bill. or some [ __ ] and it's like and they're not actually funny yeah it happens all the time and uh that's true yeah i mean there's a different they call it clapter you know where people are just like it's like they're more just like applauding the person doing it i've never heard that yeah it's a funny term but it's just like dude laugh [ __ ] yeah like i don't give a [ __ ] about the the the the the the i mean i care about the points you're making but secondary to. being funny dude yeah you know. it's like you're not dave chappelle. up there like you already did. everything and now you can talk about whatever. you want yeah right yeah [ __ ] don't know who you are yeah be funny. wow but but seriously like these people. are out there and it's like oh like dude. stand up's hard as [ __ ] bro. you need it to. be hard otherwise people won't be good it's not. it's not something that's by. the numbers right like there's not a definitive. oh you're good or not. it's like you just have to. be utterly hilarious i guess. ai would be one of the last things. that maybe yeah comedy. would be one of the last. things that ai maybe but it's like dude. i don't know i obviously. feel a certain way about. this but like dude. there's like you can get a fan. base by being okay but like you can't you can't like be in the middle of a lineup and be okay you suck like you need to. go and you need to. make [ __ ] laugh and some people just go up and they're fine and those people are forgotten. about in a room of 300 yes. like you like when you go to. the laugh factory when you go to. these clubs like these most of the time. like on a week on a weekend. you get these people who can kill. some are famous some are not famous. but they kill and every now and then there's a weak link. because of somebody because of this and that because it's a friend. of a person and they [ __ ] utterly blow. they utterly blow and everyone. in the audience is like this. does it make people leave but sometimes so you're saying the audience. does it right then they don't laugh. or anything they shouldn't but you're saying they don't sometimes. yeah okay yes yes yes they don't they don't. i mean sometimes they're like okay. well this is the laugh factory and like hahaha but like you go. to some of these [ __ ] shows like at the comedy. store late at night like the bills. on this [ __ ] they're just [ __ ] terrible. they're terrible and you know. i get it like they coast. off the brand and that's fine. but you know if dude if i'm on a show. and they there are terrible. comedians it [ __ ] sucks for me. i want people to. think i want some people to. think i was the best. i want some people to. think other person's the best. i dude i don't want to. be the best all the time. it [ __ ] sucks some some of these some of these comedians go on i'm going. on right now but some of these comedians take comedians who aren't funny. to open for them. because they don't want to. work hard yeah yeah you suck. bro you suck you i bring people. who kill mike linoche denny love. lulu gonzalez these people. kill like adam ray he kills. dude you can't go on the road. and bring you you will. start to suck. you will it will catch up. to you that's why you see you. know people in the in in the comedy. club like old old timers if they come in the comedy. club and they haven't been working the clubs they [ __ ] suck now yeah but if they do it all the time and they're oldtimers then they kill because they know what it's like to. be in a comedy club. and they know what it's like to. [ __ ] to take that that. temperature of the comedy club you want. me to go no i don't know i just [ __ ] i went off on it but the guy asked a question that i'm obviously passionate about dude. i'm so tired of [ __ ] terrible. comedians man i'm so tired. of them i don't even. like watching good comedians so i feel you. on that for sure yeah i mean. when you you know it's like there. are guys that i wouldn't go. see but i'm like i get what he's doing. and that's great he has a fan. base and he's killing and yeah. yeah like you can't argue if someone's good. or not yeah if they're killing they're killing. yeah yeah yeah yeah they got their fan. base yeah so you know okay so so next one before chris has a conniption fit yeah also the same guy all right what's up matt what's up chris uh chris i've been a true baby since uh before there was a term for it nice uh i saw you on uh fargo north dakota a handful of years back and it was a great show i remember that well uh but i'm looking for a little bit of advice uh in a situation that i'm in uh in regards to. my relationship uh i've been dating my boyfriend. for close to three years. now uh we spend most of our nights. together we're not we don't live together. um he'll mostly come over. to my place and stay and i'll sometimes go over. to his place um but recently there's two sisters. that he lives with got two. cats uh and they're pissing everywhere. or something or either. it's litter box just smells. like piss so now the whole house. smells like piss uh and i rarely. went there already uh and now that the house. smells like piss i have like very little desire. to go there yeah um and it's starting. to put a little bit of tension. in our relationship that i won't go. uh i'm just kind of wondering what you guys. would do what advice you. would give me appreciate it. love you both peace out. thanks bro so three um first i'm gonna say three. years is so long to. not live together yeah. i don't know just move have. him move in with you. depends what they want you. know like a young gay guy. three years is a long time. though yeah to not. to to be dating. and not have started living together. but guys but the other thing. i was gonna say they're both. guys right cat piss. smell yeah it's the worst. yeah dude i used to. date a girl who i thought at the beginning. of our relationship for a long. time smelled amazing in the last. few months something happened. something happened where she started. smelling like cat piss. and i just was i i it. didn't matter how i felt about her. it it was all messed up. she smelled like catfish. now so i was just like angry. all the time because smells like really upset. you they get under your skin. without you even realizing it. sometimes then you think you smell it. even when you double eat. [ __ ] it's just like and then it would be like even after she would leave the room. it would like she'd leave anyway. my point is cat piss. is the worst smell. it ruins love okay. it ruins love the smell. of cat piss ruins love. so if you love this guy make him leave that place. if you don't want to. move in with you he has to. move into somewhere. else but you cannot coexist. in a romantic relationship when cat. pisses in the air the end. but the paul simon song. i think um i think you know. again um and the man. walk down the street in front of campus. and so uh i don't know i think that um yeah. i i i i i don't think it's that. weird to be a young gay guy. with another young gay guy and not move. in well he's not for 19. he's in his 20s. okay but i just feel like but that's a young. gay guy dude gay guys are young. till they're like 55 you know. all right but three years and [ __ ] my point can i fin let me finish. my point is that guys don't give a [ __ ] about that. a lot of the time. it's always women that are like what. are we you know. and no guys [ __ ] i mean maybe there's some guys doing it but like the guy seems chill. as [ __ ] if you he's with another dude. that's likeminded they're probably like yo. man this is cool but then the cap has gone. involved so it's like okay. yeah no i understand but doesn't he hang out. that guy's place a lot. anyway and he already didn't go. over there so you guys should either. have him move in and or say. yo i can't come over. because the cap is that's it. the campus is terrible. honestly people shouldn't even have cats. he should say move. in because your place smells like campus. and i can't love under these conditions. your place smells like movein because your place. smells like cat piss and also side. note i love you so move. in only i only love you when we're not smelling cat. piss yeah it's it's that's a rough that's a rough situation but the guy's got to. know what i don't understand. is people have cats. and then they have this smell. not if they take care. of the cat i've been i've been to. people who've been to. people's homes who own. cats it i don't smell. the catfish at all because they change over. the litter box they don't they know. what they're doing with their cat. yeah the sisters obviously. don't know what they're doing. with the cats yeah yeah yeah okay so anyway you can't. this this is it okay. cat piss kills love. okay so get out of there. okay for good cat you're in kills. love yeah all right. from cat you're in with love. here we go so so much. such a low shot or high. shot whatever headroom. okay so matt big fan. from australia that you are looking pimp. and pimpin today chris you look. fat my problem is that my friend. is having a karaoke party for her. 30th um i'm a professional singer. and i don't want to. be that wanker that gets up. and tries to. do really well at karaoke. um but i also am not the type of person. who can properly get up. and do like a funny big entertaining. over the top show so. i don't really know what to. do my thoughts are to. do a duet that's probably my best way. about it or to. just get very drunk. but i would love your advice. thanks guys love the show. i actually think that you should only do karaoke. if you can kill it i was just gonna say go. up there and absolutely slaughter annihilate and kill. and make everyone who else who tries. to feel dumb do a hard. song too yeah there's so many things i've been killed and do a song that nobody else can see karaoke. to me is not fun. it's not funny i think that you should. go up and absolutely destroy what. was that noise are they gonna. hear that well they're gonna hear. that the [ __ ] karaoke sucks it's it's uh unless you're good you're good kill it don't be funny. about it here's the worst. thing the person who thinks it's funny. to do a rap. song like a white guy. that gets something that's getting jiggy with it and you think there's so many white guys because you think i can't sing so [ __ ] it and then you do it by the time you're in the middle of like the fourth bar you're like it's so [ __ ] hard so true so so i don't think karaoke is a good thing unless you can [ __ ] i actually like karaoke uh even when people are bad if it's a person i like if i'm with a tight crew that i'm good friends with karaoke is kind of always fun to. me but it's never like a thing. i want to. go do yeah karaoke is a thing. i have fun when like we're not at someone's. house and they have a karaoke thing. wow and it's all of us. hanging out you want to. know each other yeah wow yeah. i mean i'm a great. singer well you're a bad singer. but no i sing um i sing. uh this is a song called. plush i mean american psycho what is. that it's plush by stone temple pilots what is. this before the acoustic version he. says this is a song called the plush. okay well yes and jeremy and jeremy oh [ __ ] it all right. let's go this around wow. not even how it goes. at all the the glycerin. song so wait what was the advice. for her go and kill it. absolutely this is your [ __ ] dude. if it was a comedy. night i'm not gonna go. up and do bad comedy. yeah yeah dude i'm gonna go up. and ding ding douche and the [ __ ] body parts all over the room. i think we need to. give her um some song uh choices yeah. glycerin uh you want to. kill it yeah i will always [applause]. do and she feels it. that note is terrible that. note was so flat it. was unbelievable where are we going. until tomorrow who sings that who sings. it who where she smell. low what is that. song i gotta tell you dude. stone temple pilots like i said stone temple pilots would hear. that and go like this. wow i never heard something like that. so badly one time. i when i used to. tweet and i don't tweet anymore. because i don't i really did touch twitter. like this years i haven't tweeted. yeah uh i tweeted that. i was in the spin doctors yeah and he and and the guy in the spin doctors replied. yeah who doesn't follow me. right and i didn't tag them. and he said funny. i don't remember that i slammed. me so i don't know hard. dude like wow dude i was just having fun. you know yeah funny i don't remember that. i that um yeah it i had that. was the worst when you were singing. that that was the worst. i've ever felt pandora baby. it's got no way this. really is the best podcast. there is huh. yeah there it is was in the that's a different. one oh i've done. it before you've done. it before wow oh wait maybe that. was i mean so many spin doctor tweets. that's it where's the guy. where's the guy in it. he probably deleted it. he was upset there. are that many responses. wow oh he doesn't he didn't even say funny. he just said don't remember that. wow wow hey what's his name. what's his name go. back to it chris barron hey chris barron. come and get me bro. well it was years ago. his brother no no no no no i know. it's been festering as much. for you as it has been for me. you might be dead come and get me. we're gonna send you my address. you meet me outside ring the doorbell. and be prepared he's a good looking dude. yeah he's good he's good. looking he's good he's good. he's handsome he's a good. guy he's in a good band. pin doctors what even is that. it's uh a little miss can't. be wrong remember that. oh wow okay all right. all right who's the next. one chris matt matt and chris what is happening. uh got a question. for you all want some advice. on how do you tell somebody. that they're saying a word. wrong or a name wrong. or a city wrong. without um being sounding. like sadik it is very thick. great example is chris. always says sugarland texas when talking about sugar. land sugar land texas where you're going. this weekend um well you just did. it so yeah question. is how do you sound like a total [ __ ] to. somebody while trying spiderman correct. them on the way they say it. batman uh anyways i'm excited to. hear what y'all gotta say. wait hold on let me. just get this out of the way. sugarland is not weird to. call it that way sugar. land like it's a [ __ ] madeup fairy tale. place like it's the land. of sugar [ __ ] off sugarland. is you know how many how do you say the word. land land and how do you say the word. sugar sugar so it should go. sugar land but you're acting like that's how the english. language always works but it doesn't. always work like that but he's like from there. words change when they go. into the same thing. okay sure sure sure but you're making it up. no no he's saying with knowledge i'm assuming. priority i'm sure of. the way he's in texas obviously he's got a texas. hat on sugar land. okay but it isn't that's all. he's saying that's fine. there are certain words that i change. because i want to. and it's better all right. well anyway okay the way to. do that for people i honestly. often don't do that even though. i'm constantly catching obviously i mean. everybody catches everybody saying oh i do it. all this word wrong. uh but i and the reason. i don't correct them. is because honestly they're here's why. there is no good way. first of all second of all it doesn't matter. we're all gonna die. yeah you know oh we're all gonna. die that person's gonna die. stylist everyone else in the world is going. to die everyone who lived. before is already dead is gonna die. okay so it's just like why. would i correct you uh. and say that you're saying uh my hometown wrong. maybe you know maybe not everyone dies. you don't know that not everyone. has died yet yeah in in the history there's still people. alive um but um yeah i go. like this oh man. you're saying it this way. dude but it's not that. it's this right so what the [ __ ] are we gonna do dude. that's not dick it's funny. because it is so dick. but come at it with some sort of you. know brevity or a sense. of humor if you can't. do that then just don't do it. levity not brevity both means brevity. just means short oh yeah. right brevity means short. brevity means keep it like brevity. is myself uh it doesn't okay. levity i know what levity means but i think everybody also meant the same thing. but it means short. you're right i mix it up there. at least i'm not saying providing well which because then you'd be like oh [ __ ] you're saying it wrong brevity. um all right all right yeah. dude i think that that's like you have to. come at it with some sort of humor. because people don't think you're a dick. no matter what so you got to. come out of it. or or you [ __ ] or you [ __ ] it up yeah or or you just let them go yeah let them go okay but nobody if it's your name it's annoying. of course no wait yeah. that's right right if it's your name right. it's not dick at all. to be like and the but the way. to do it is probably something. like look i know like everybody. always does this but it's actually delia or whatever. right i had a i had a um oh the flight. attendant she says uh is it. the ilya and i said delia. and she said great. hello mr delia that happens. a lot i'm like would you like that's you. in the middle oh yeah they can't. quite get to that there's a lot. to you yeah i haven't noticed i mean. i'm not sure or or delia. and i'll correctly say it's actually delia and they'll just like say. something in between what the wrong. thing they said and the right. thing that i said yeah. okay mr delia and i said delia. but whatever anyway so yeah yeah and so everybody was happy. yeah i wasn't she [ __ ] up all right. cool next one chris i've been a fan. since encourageable i saw you in dallas. i think it's your best. work yet thank you chris. thank you so there's this. guy i work with that smells so oh strongly of dove soap. i can smoke when he's coming. from across the world i can't. beat up soap like 70. feet away what's wrong with that. that's no [ __ ] joke. i'm just saying all right i clocked. it like it's this. guy's saint bernard an unbelievable. amount of how does that. smell like it smells carrying dove soaps i am. a [ __ ] dove soap bar. it smells like it's like right. before here what pretty much at all. times we work in the same. department so we're by each other all day. i don't understand how you can pull that. off and we're not that tight. so it's not like i can like tell them. what's up so what do you guys. think i know exactly what to. do okay well i know exactly. what say i know we don't know. which this is gonna sound weird. like be colloquial and like dude. about it when you approach him. and just be like i just have to. know how how do you possibly. smell so good all the time. even if you don't think that's good. right yeah say you smell. like dove soap from so far. away i can smell you. coming and i know like just no joke. okay no no nothing i just need to. know how you smell like that. all the time so let's play this out. he wants him to. obviously stop smelling like that soap so much. so let's play this out but he's not gonna you can't. you you can't make a stranger. stop smelling a certain way you can. only find out how it goes you. can if you say what's going. on oh and i'm not saying say. this because it'll be weird. but like if you find out what. he's doing to get to. that smell then you can possibly. shift what he does to. make it so because it's offensive. dude it also i'm gonna go out. of limb here it's not. dove soap i'm gonna do okay. how how much could you wash. how how how bad could dove. soap smells amazing but but if a smell. is too strong all. the time it's annoying. i'll agree with this guy even if it's amazing. stuff soap it's like one of the best. smells in the world that's why. i'm saying i don't think it's the soap. this guy's watching so much. and and what is it. you'd have to bring dub soaps around. and be like this he has been through. all of these thoughts he's ahead. of us he understands the unlikelihood. of it okay it's just still true. though so it's dove soap let's just go. with it what do we know. we don't go with that. i can't get behind that i love. this dude and thank you so much. for saying this is my best. workout in dallas but that smells like dove soap well that clone doesn't exist. because all cologne smells like shish kebab. okay well it doesn't smell. like shish kebab you know but like uh just [ __ ] peppers and chickens a mush is a mushroom too yeah um onions so is it like onions peppers. mushrooms and chicken uh and wood. dude you can't it's not. done so i push back on that. that's making me so mad. [ __ ] that it doesn't even matter okay. so let me ask you a question. i go i take a shower. i you've used up. dove soap all over my body. yeah then i go to. then i go to. where you are you're gonna be able. to smell that dove soap no. okay i go i take a shower. for five hours i not only wash. all of the five hours. i also eat some of the dove soap put it in my [ __ ] i've got two bars under my [ __ ] um armpits and i'm doing like this for five hours okay yeah then i go to. where you are yeah you smell. that probably probably do something right. i agree it's not what he's doing. but like his laundry it's got to. be it's got to. be here you go yeah it says laundry so it's not. dove so but it smells like dove soap he didn't say. it is he said okay. he thinks his stuff's soap. it doesn't matter uh mr. miyagi what's happening um there's a fly uh okay. for those visiting he's clapping at nothing. okay so then say well i was trying. to kill the fly. okay but so then so then say hey what is it. that smells so strong. you gotta stop no don't say you gotta stop first. ask like you're curious because you want to. know because maybe you maybe you want to. do the same thing but the way. you're doing it is not. good because if you do it. in any sort of you. smell so good then you can't be like don't do that. because you guys i thought it was good. you gotta come out because then you can say. then they can say what it. is you could say okay. well it smells so good it. gives me a [ __ ] headache. please stop um i have a golf. coach that he also smells. so good like i can smell. him from 10 feet. away right and i think it's his laundry and i've wanted to. it doesn't bother me. but i've wanted to. like somehow in a funny way. bring it up to. him like how do you smell. so good and i am really comfortable. with him and i still haven't done. it then ask him. what i suggested but here's my thing. about this guy this. caller bring up in a funny. way go like this for [ __ ] sake why do you smell so good why does it. bother him is a magical. smell it would bother. me if i had to. smell something all of the time. it would bother me. no because you just gonna you wouldn't even. notice that you smell it. anymore yeah no yeah it would bother. me i don't like good smells for longer. than a few whiffs okay. man i'm telling you man. why does it i don't. okay okay i am in control. if you want to. know what it is do what i said. if you wanted to. stop i don't know what it is. that's what i said but you're saying. it oh god it's also good he doesn't well. maybe he thinks he smells so good but i don't know. dude i'm just saying don't do it. in a way to. where to wear you know. it emboldens him yeah exactly exactly. all right next one all right. so much i love you. guys i love the podcast. really appreciate it thank you. i have a question. about rekindling a relationship with something that i once knew very deeply. but don't anymore for me. that's exercise i have been active. my entire life i played. division one soccer in college. and then life happened and i had to. take a break to. focus on other things i'm now. 30 years old sitting outside of the gym. currently and [ __ ] [ __ ] sucks yeah i don't want to. do it i'm bad at it. the pregnant lady is lifting more than me and it's really frustrating. and discouraging i'm looking for advices. on how to. approach the situation with grace. not compare myself to. who i used to. be chris did you have a similar. experience getting back into. comedy um i'd love to. hear your guys's opinions uh thank you. so much okay bye it. takes a while to. fall in love with something again. after you stop and you get used to. life um you got set in your ways. and it's all about now the neural. pathways that you set right. uh you also worked out a lot. when you didn't want to. if you were a [ __ ] athlete right. so now you're doing it. to keep fit and you know. hopefully you know it's good. for your health but yeah dude. um but it's not about high performance. it's not about right exactly so. don't compare yourself to. back then because you're not going. to be that because most for the most part. you just don't want to. and that's okay uh so go in and just i think go in and don't be like hey uh i'm gonna go. to the gym and kill. it go to the gym. just to go to. the gym just move around. you're doing it by the time. you're you're you're you know develop. the habit is what i'm saying. develop the habit of going. right because i didn't want to. go on stage for like months. when i came back and i just kept doing it. for me it was because of calvin. i needed to. prove to him i could do. it um but you know. find that reason why you would need to. go to the gym. now it's not your career. right now it's not your you know. but you want to. go because you want to. stay healthy and i think that that's great. i think everybody should work out. um yeah i think it's about developing the habit. and also going just just give yours. give yourself the um leeway. to just go and keep your body. moving right you don't have to. [ __ ] kill it you can't under any circumstance. much like not just going. to the gym and comparing your body. to what it once was. you can't compare you now. to a previous version of you. because it's not applicable not just because you used. to actually play a sport. and now you don't but because you were a completely. different person back then with completely different. goals and completely different ideas. about life than you are. now so think about what you were. then and why why can't i be like i was then it's only going. to make it even harder. to start working out again. and liking it again. you might not like it it. might be a chore but all you have to. do is make sure you go. to the gym it's like as a writer i've had severe. writer's block but as long as i sit down. and make my fingers go. on the keys it i. will end up writing something. it might be bad but it will. be something whereas if i compare myself. to a state of you. know when i was like on fire. feeling good about what i was. writing when i'm currently. in a writer's block mode. i will think like well i can't. do this anymore i suck this. isn't coming and then i won't you know the sun will be coming down. i won't have written a word. so you just got to. stop comparing yourself to. a previous version of yourself. because not because it's so bad. for you you got to. block it out but because it is literally not applicable you're a different person. with different ideas your brain's completely. different chemically it's proven it's just true. you are not the same. person so don't even bother. comparing yeah i think that uh that's right. and uh also you were like soccer. is the [ __ ] hardest you just never stop running you ever. see me play soccer though it. wasn't that hard for me. yeah no it was it. was no when did you play. soccer last you were 12. no i was like 12. yeah ayso i played it. i did a bicycle. kick scored one goal it was on the wrong. goal was on our goal and that's it then that's the truth oh yeah dude i'll never forget that there's a second is that the second episode we will mentioned him last time yeah because we're talking about isis. morgan nozaki oh [ __ ] were we uh he was a goalie with the big ass gloves. and [ __ ] does anyone buy them yeah oh yeah yeah he scored and i was like oh sorry dude i don't know i saw bicycle kick earlier on tv i saw an opportunity and i just went for it yeah dude you hit my shin you know it didn't hit my foot but it went in i mean the wrong hour ago yeah yeah but soccer is crazy huh i i wish. i had [ __ ] god i wish i could do something like that play soccer you know like i'm so bad at running. yeah we both have that we're not good. runners yeah yeah dude i saw a movie. uh on the plane or no. actually it was when i was getting my tattoo so different. well so different the reason. why i got confused. is because it was i knew. the only reason why i watched the movie was because of what i was doing not because i wanted to. go see the movie hit based okay. no it's not dude. it's really not okay. hit based okay that is but um it was called. no escape it was the owen. wilson and that lake belgaum you know like that's called no no escape. is the ray liotta movie oh what's the movie. with lake bell and owen wilson. oh i know that really bad. movie what's it called. nobody's looking it up i'm pissed. um is lake belling that lake. bell and owen wilson it's really it's an action movie right yeah it's really fun i saw some of that it was so the dodo brothers made that okay what's that uh they're just no escape brother. filming oh it is not an escape. yeah so the thing about that. movie is owen wilson is just a regular guy and when he runs it's like your dad is running. okay and this movie is sad. and i can't watch movies. like this anymore now. that i have a kid. that's not sad it's an action movie. dude it's sad because they take the kid. and then they run with the kids. it's like a shitty action movie. of course he gets his kid. at the end i feel a certain type of way. about it oh okay. well um don't watch that movie in general. watch the original no escape. which is with ray liotta and it's dope. wait a minute hold on. go up that has how many views. on the trailer right. there in the middle if i have a million six. million six million people watched a trailer. to no escape that's crazy. to me but it's pierce. brosn and owen wilson dude. what's the big deal well. almost i mean you know. he's in some good [ __ ] he's a big star yeah. i guess so but anyway the i will yeah pierce. is in that dude. i saw some of that that's right. but my point is that it's hard. to like when you're not an athlete. and you run this. is the thing about that. they they cut around. it and [ __ ] like in other with other guys. but like some people are good at running. like tom cruise is fantastic. at running he's a great. careers running yeah but like um confirm his best. running is in the firm yeah. well i guess he used to. run track or something that's what my mom. says so who knows if it's true. but um if mom said it. she said houston on track. but also he's short. yeah everyone's height if someone's not six feet. they're short as hell yeah. but if they're over six feet. they're tall she'll say like liam neeson. i have such a crush on him. he's so tall oh wow. that's funny yeah um height. is like tits for a girl. for when it comes to. is it no okay. all right no because girls. would do it doesn't matter. yeah exactly don't care yeah. exactly as long as you're cool. and you are comfortable you make them. feel good yeah make them feel good. you got to make them. feel good but not too. good right nope good. good only good good yeah. but not but leave a little mystery. right now open the door. mystery not the other way. i mean yeah you don't want to. over explain everything you do. that's why i'm opening. the door focus i like you open. the door for them as they leave. and then when you're getting out. from the restaurant don't open. the door for them so they'll. be like huh do you like me. more before the dinner did i [ __ ] up no no that's too close. to negging both times but both times. you say you don't know. why i did this [laughter]. or they you open. the door they get in and then you close the door uh just like that huh. okay that would make him. feel really like what the [ __ ] yeah but see that's too close. to negative okay i think you you. open the door for them. they go through the door and then you know you either. sit down at the table. at the restaurant or get in the car. together and you say so do you have any ideas. about why i did. that um so i opened the door. for you when you got out. of the car and when we got to. the restaurant i did that do you know. why i did that no. would you like to. know i'm not telling you. yeah anybody's guess yeah that is actually. really cool that would be very cool. to do yeah i would do that. okay well i'm gonna do that. to kristen you're welcome. um so yeah well i don't know. okay we did that one. yeah okay cool so then i guess. we're done no yeah we started the clock. a little late so we should just be done. did we really start. the clock like a couple minutes. oh you added time. to it so it's less than 53. let's feed. um all right we can be done. let's speed up we gotta do. another episode let's meet that's a bad. song don't do that let's listen. guys i will be in new york. come see me. chrisley dot com i will be in kansas. city i will be in rhode island. i will be in um oh kansas. city cincinnati kansas city here. we come springfield tulsa midland texas. austin milwaukee minneapolis columbus. salt lake city good keep going. uh mattelia dot com. for the oneonone sessions come. to me with your deep dark. secrets or feelings about. yourself or everyday troubles. doesn't matter book me private. advice sessions tuesdays and thursdays. uh i'll love you. if you book them i hate. you if you don't and uh if you have a question. uh for us on this. show click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com and of course get your fine. fantasy lifeline merch at lifelinemerch dot com. yeah we have a good. time like and subscribe babies yeah. like and subscribe to. the channel super good yep super. good yay [music]. 