 [music] i got cancelled. my son has cried every single day. for 3 years and it's crazy. because over the last 3 years i've cried. every single day for different. reasons you know he's like i'm hungry. i'm like i want my [ __ ] career back. [ __ ] doing all this therapy she said to. me well that's no surprise you're a comedian. and i said what do. you mean i know you think you like to. do standup because you like to. make people laugh when people laugh that. means that they accept. you and you need that and that's when i was like you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] i'm just a guy and i'm just trying to. do better okay they don't want. you to change that's the truth. i got back on stage. and people were just like what the you but i f. typed so [ __ ] hard [music]. runk hell hello hello hello will h. what's really really great. and excellent is that chris. chris was sitting down for 15. minutes then we were once. we were ready and literally rolling. i was all settled. yeah he got up and is now. not here that's really great. yeah are we going yeah okay. guys welcome to. lifeline we love you. all for watching and we love you. all anyway unless you stop watching then we don't love you. it is sunday november. five and this is episode. 82 well that's a lot. of episodes uh and you know you know what sundays are for. lifeline uh guys listen. uh special is available now. chia dot com it is grow. or die it is called. grow or die. and it is available now uh go to. uh chris dot com to. get it it's 10. bucks and um you know you can stream it. you can download it it's awesome. dude it's awesome it's his best. special yet thank you and he's had some really good ones. and this is his best. one yet i'm really proud of him. and thank you go check it. out uh crystal dot com yep and uh there's there's a uh go sign up for lifeline. luxury lifeline luxury patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. set it so fast. uh you know and you know. what guess what i got a new pod. coming out soon a new solo. pod it's called the private. record where we have guest. any old anybody who's got a crazy. story a good story a story that you like telling a story people. like to hear come and tell it. on my show tell the whole world. go check out the privat. record dot com submit yourself as a guest. we want to. hear from you and we want. to hear your story story uh stop flexing. chris and uh yeah also you can reach us. at theprivate record dot com. uh the private record gmail dot com. on instagram and tik tok. at the private record on youtube. at the private record just find it. you know the private record. okay with your host matt. deia uh submissions send a submission and merch. lifeline merch dot com. uh you know that was such a bad. plug for the merch you know. well it's just did a lot. of stuff so we talked a lot. about business so far. get the merch the merch. is it is very good. it is that it is very good. as mom would say d. bomb okay m would say d. bomb um and it's at. lifeline merch dot com. and get it all get it. all get every piece oh also you're still on. tour you want to. talk about that oh yeah that's right. i'll be in fort. meyers and orlando and baltimore. and trenton and reading and philadelphia and uh the one richmond virginia. all right i got them. all wow i did it. all on my on my head. dude he did it all on his head. folks oxnard california um so yeah. dude so what's up. matt how you got how you doing. man what what is that shirt. i went to. conversation school last week. that's nice and going with it. went to conversation. school uh what is this shirt. dude as usual i don't know. but you tell it's old yeah i mean. everything i wear is here's the thing. about clothes you can. like up you don't need to. always buy the new ones. you know you have all of time. clothing that that clothing has been made. you can buy it from any era. as long as it's still. in one piece dude. it's called jerseys j. e r zes and guess. what what isn't it nice. it is nice see and it's comfy. and it's jerseys okay okay but it doesn't exist. anymore probably not but if you like this. you can find it online. you just google jerseys okay. you can't find that i bet. you can't find that one. i would like a sponsorship from jerseys. so if you're listening ceoo of jerseys. hit me up did you he's dead. so did you um buy that online. or at a place uh at a place. yeah at a place and you saw it. at a place and you're like oh actually no somebody bought this. for me for for birthday. they saw it at a place. uhhuh and they were seeing me. later that day they hadn't got me anything for the my birthday and they were like that looks like it would look good i'm at they bought it brought it to. me i was sitting on my throne just waiting. receiving gifts and they got down. on one knee and did this. as everyone does when they give me. gift wow and like tutors like in case. i want to. cut off their head if it's a bad. gift i can just do it. right then and there but this was a good. gift so i didn't cut off their head. they still have ahead you seen. the tutors went to conversation. school uh no i've not seen. the tutors but guess what i know. you have because there was a whole series. of episodes early on in the life. of this show that you wouldn't shut. the fruts up about i forgot. about watching that cool. you know what you didn't. though cuz you just brought it. up i know i just remembered. again but do you know. what i am watching. currently no luther oh i did know that because every night at around. 1:30 a.m. you text me [ __ ] like luther is engrossing exclamation. point yeah luther is back exclamation. point edrus elba sizzles yeah yeah so like you're some shitty like you're richard corus from time magazine you know leonard malton leonard malton's so old only knows one critic i know one so listen uh that is a a show that's uh good luther's good yeah it's like cocaine is it like this is luther like this a lot yeah a lot it's good it sounds great what's it about hollywood exact um it's about a it's basically sherlock holmes but he's black oh sick you know what dude one time i just remembered this i met idris elba what yeah dude it was at the old offices of manager company that i used to. be represented by and this was like. during the wire during while the wire. was being made okay okay and i hadn't seen a single episode. of the wire okay. i had no idea who isus ela. was no idea what the wire. i mean i knew what the wire. was okay but it was just some show. on hbo at the time. while it was on people. weren't crazy about it. like they are now yeah i know you know. i know it was only after streaming. was a thing and people rediscovered. it anyway i'm walking back to. my manager's office the assistant that. came to get me i was in a waiting. room with this like straight up the absolute most handsome. like coolest human being i've ever. been in a room with and it was i didn't. know this but it was idis elba. you thought that then i thought that. before anything happened right this. is the coolest guy. i've ever seen in my life. and he's so [ __ ] handsome yeah and then uh the assistant comes on and says have you met have you met idris right. and i was like why the [ __ ] would i meet idris they were just being like super assistant yeah everybody's like oh have you met some and you know like like i would ever have a reason to. uh and i was like oh no. and then we got introduced uhuh and he was just like he made me. gay for like eight seconds. really he was just like what's up. man how you doing how old was he back. then he was young. but i mean he's older than us. oh yeah he's like 50 something so he was probably. in his mid30s this. was a long time. ago yeah yeah yeah yeah but he was the coolest. guy in the world i mean. i'm sure he still is. he still looks basically exactly. the same right i know it. is but it was like i'm i'm still i'm still amazed. at how cool he was what at that. moment yeah he like in fact he was so cool. i probably would still remember who that. random guy was even if i wasn't introduced to. him and even yeah even if i didn't put it together. i never met him. well i'm cooler i want. to meet him you know. it's crazy because uh he it's crazy. that he's a human and also like you know. another short fat guy as a human. so high right now way you're talking. uh sucks yeah it sucks. for the short fat guy yeah. like for guys like me and el elra it's like cool. and then for guys like you and [ __ ] you know danny devito. yeah it's like all right. yeah i hope you're funny. yeah you know but me i got the whole. package so it's like nah nobody's got his package dud. no you think he's got the most amazing. well yeah i mean maybe he's super something. else that you don't know. though boring of course who knows i'm just saying. the way he presents. is like the most he is a dj. magnificent what he is a dj. he's a dj he does. dj sets wow yeah which is why. does every actor want to. be a dj too you know. why cuz they're both. [ __ ] easy as [ __ ] jobs acting is way. harder than being a dj. except for not well except for when you you know. the lifestyle it's hard. to be a dj cuz you going. to [ __ ] be up till 6:00. a.m. the truth is acting is hard. unless you have the knack for it and then it's easy like watch this. that's really bad but oh i mean. in like a comedy that. would have been bad but in a real searing. true to life drama people would have been just balling in their seats. if that was a movie i'll show you. good acting okay don't don't it. doesn't end till it. don't i'll decide when it end. say it ends so i know. so don't be like oh that. before it ends um oh i'm sorry. ma'am i must have wasted. both of our times uh my mistake. i'll be on my way. there is one thing that's been on. my mind okay i'm done. i that was pretty good yeah. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the longer. the pause the better acting. is that right i'm sorry. ma'am uh i must have wasted. both of our times uh you're in the clear. i'll let my i'll let myself out there. is one thing i'd like to. ask you about speaking. a waste of time. that was pretty impressive. an impressive waste of time. it's good acting bro yeah. check this out though. okay that's bad no it's like if you're really. like in a life or death. situation and sling blade [laughter]. and dude sling blade uh all right. so my acting was good mine. was epic okay epic i just think that uh why. do they every detective. show do that the thing you did. yeah uh i don't know. cuz it's like suspenseful easy cheap. suspense if you're a detective. and you go in you go. in with all the information you. don't leave and then go oh yeah. something else well that's the joke. about columbo you know. one more thing you know. literally turned into. like a cultural joke. that everybody understood yeah columbos if you watch. i love columbo so i'm about to. talk [ __ ] about it but know that i love it okay the formula of columbo. is is this the first 20. minutes of every single episode. peter [ __ ] is not even in for one. second what it follows the criminal. doing the thing what entirely so. you know all of the facts. of everything what and then columbo. shows up 20 to 30. minutes in what and it's so bad. from that point on it's so good until columbo. shows up every single episode. because you just know he's going. to solve the casee and he's always going. to at the end of every scene. it's going to. be like oh he didn't figure out. anything the criminal is going. to get away and then it's one more thing wow and he actually says one more thing in almost every instance in that show. so it's like his trademark so you why. do you like it then because the first parts. are always so good like the acting is amazing. the writing is amazing. they come up with new. like reasons for crimes new ways. people messed up covering them. up it's smart cool. oh really but then he shows. up it was on in the 80s. so dumb uh i think it. might have been' 70s late 70s. yeah oh then it was rerun. when it was the ' 80s. well no no no actually okay so the first few. seasons were like 8 to. 10 episodes mhm uh and then it. got really popular then there. were like so it was streaming. but then like late seasons it went. into the 90s but they would make them movies. it would be columbo. movie god all right right so it would be like only four of them. a year but it would be like a tv. movie columbo yeah jesus okay. well anyway who cares i guess. right gonna no i know. it the the listeners of lifeline. definitely don't care about. i guarantee you a lot. of these people have watched columbo. it's weirdly the resurgence is so weird. the resurgence of columbo. dude yeah it's a very weird. thing people are like yeah. i watch columbo and you're like oh it's old how do you have there's so many new shows. that people who care about being in like the cultural. conversation have to. watch how do you also have time. to go back and watch columbo. i only watch columbo i'm not doing any of stuff. it's it's on like i know it. was on netflix i know. it's on tuby now it's on. everything i think tuby has the craziest [ __ ] tu is the best. dude don't [ __ ] with me tub's where it's at i know because has everything yeah you can find truly obscure weird. there's home videos on basically there's home. videos yeah which i would i love. that you're like darius's birthday. party right yeah darius's 11th birthday. party uhhuh from like 1981. yeah and you're just like oh happy. birthday dear kleenex and there commercial. and it comes back. darus yeah that's that's to. be all right let's get into. it uh let's get into. it uh look at it. taking a [ __ ] face dude. taking a [ __ ] me also me but taking a [ __ ] no ringing the doorbell in the purge. oh dude gna kill your. whole family we love this. guy this guy was wait hold. on hold on. don't ruin it was is wearing the same. shirt as last time. yeah and just hasn't slept. no doubt he's recreating the magic. this is the dude. who let the [ __ ] the greatest sub. juts out the the had the greatest. submission with this with the toothbrush and he had to. move it for his his girlfriend's. toothbrush he has an issue with his girlfriend. she leaves the toothbrush on the edge. of the sink go back if you're watching this. lifeline just and you haven't seen the last one. go back watch the last video. in the last episode this. guy moralized us yeah he made us laugh. very hard and we love him. and now i guess he's back. i hope he has a new one. but let's see yeah from the beginning. start it over make it go from the beginning. do not start it when you did. which was before we said. start it start it and when we say start. it and started which is now. what's up chris and matt. this is anthony from phoenix with the girlfriend. that uh just can't seem to. put her toothbrush in the right. spot oh i laid out. the crime scene for you here. we are at my pants. imagine with me i'm done. brushing my teeth i have. a mouthful of toothpaste i need to. spit the toothpaste out and rinse. out my mouth so i go to. reach down oh my eyeball. hits right on the wet bristles right. there now could i go. down on that side. yeah but i'm righthanded it feels. awkward to go. down on that side. plus i'm eye to. eye with this toothbrush here which just pisses me. off even more so every time i need to. pick it up put it over here and then go about my day. now i didn't get upset. about this the first several times. this happened of course it's innocuous it's silly. but after the fourth or fifth. time or so what a down. to it wow it's the same. amount of effort to. do this yeah yeah okay. then it is to. do this right understand. yeah so it's a net. loss for all of us i mean. american psych you agree for all of us. i mean and chris hell yeah. when you're back in phoenix me and my girl are going to. get some vip tickets and we'll get to. meet you i'll even buy a coffee. if you're free oh wow wow dud. this guy her dead body is on the premises. while he's taking her dead. body is probably in the shot in the bathroom. mirror somewhere go back it. goes internet go back and find it. yeah the dat line so um hold on h. this is just here's the deal. the bottom line the bottom line of all of this. is dude the act out of when he hit it. dude that was great. but it's not it's and look at it. that was good it's not. a big enough deal. to get upset. about it i get obviously. i've been in relationships where the my. partner does like a certain weird specific thing that is like hard. to whatever run into. over and over and over again. but even this this is it. doesn't even reach that threshold to. me i don't know sure. but the other things you have a problem. with somebody else might not but right. that's kind of what i'm trying to. say yeah there there the i there is a reason. though i think she's doing that. mhm and she has a reason. so that to me makes it. a little bit okay. do you know what the reason. is i know what it. is yeah she doesn't want the water. to drip down into. the thing and get moldy correct which is ultimately a noble. cause it is it is it. is that it is a noble. cause but there is a way. to defeat eat all that. okay go ahead solve the problem. for them i can help both. of you great get the get a piece. of to of um kleenex or toilet. paper put it at the bottom of that. thing and then the water. just fills up that but then you got to. always dispose of that thing. you actually have to. do it way less than you. think here's what is the other way. to do it if you're her just go. do the bob ross. thing dude just bang the heck. out of it is that what he says just bang. the heck out of it. when he cleans the brush just that's what the porcelain on the sink. is for to. get banged against by your toothbrush okay. just bang the heck out of it. just bang the daylights out. of it just bang. the diggity dog out of it. okay just bang the bing bong. out of it just bing bing bing bing and then put it away. everyone's happy look at his face. right there yeah he should host a children's show. do yeah he should and it's very obvious. to everyone who's ever met. him so hold on play. it again we have to. watch it again serial killer what's up. chris and matt this is anthony. from phoenix with the girlfriend. that uh just can't seem to. put her toothbrush in the right. spot wow i laid out the crime. scene for you crime scene. this part it is kills. here we are at my sink. imagine with me i'm done. brushing my teeth i have. a mouthful of toothpaste christian i to. spit the toothpaste out and rinse. out my mouth so i go to. reach down oh my eyeball. why are you hits. right on the wet bristles right. there now could i go. down on that side. yeah but i'm righthanded it feels. awkward to go. down on that side. plus i'm eye to. eye with this go over it. toothbrush here which just pisses me. off even more so every time i need to. pick it up put it over here and then go about my day. good now i didn't get upset. about this the first several times. this happened of course it's innocuous it's silly. but after the fourth or fifth. time or so whates down he you. know what happened there for her. what it's he got amount. boiled up the fury boiled up. and he got overheated and he forgot what. was to do this. so it's a net loss. for all of us wow. don't you agree it's convincing. argument cut and chris hell yeah. when you're back in phoenix me and my girl are going to. get some vip tickets and we'll get to. meet you dude that me and my girl. who if she's still alive. we will come to. see you in phoenix i got i i cannot wait. to meet this girl a great. guy what if she shows up and she's just crying. and she's just like i don't understand. the problem i'm sorry no. she slips you a note says please. help me like she's he only let her out. one time to. see you at your show. you know yeah yeah yeah she's got like uh ligature marks yeah on her. wrists well thanks for the update. bro uh we love it. we you provided a lot. of entertainment for us uh um we love you. oh god and your girlfriend who we hope. is still alive but we're not quite. sure they obviously have a really good. relationship if she's allowing him. to do this j you. know yeah they obviously have fun. with it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah well i mean i hope so unless she has no idea. that it's even happening she she doesn't even. know who you know what lifeline. is or who we are he's just dragging. her in out in the world. and she has no clue. yeah all right dude. well we love you thanks. again yeah who's next. let's do next one. hey guys um i'm teresa. from pennsylvania um i have an advice question. i train jiujitsu pretty. regularly it's a huge part. of my life but it's not like my whole personality. it's not like it's on display at. all times um but whenever anyone. finds out that i train jitsu whether i tell them or we're just like getting to. know each other talking about things. that we like to. do with our time the reaction i get is like almost always so you could beat me. up oh of course how the [ __ ] do you respond. to that i always want to. just sigh and go wish you didn't do. that i wish you didn't do. that but that just like ends. the interaction and i'm strange. and awkward as it is. so i don't know if i want to. like amplify that i don't know. don't know how to. respond i figured maybe you guys would i know. what to do kick their [ __ ] ass no no that's a lot. you just go could have killed you. dude that's that's yeah well because okay she's i think she's talking. about guys probably that is what i i don't. think women would probably say she didn't. specify no but she went. uh uh and that's the dude. kind of voice um i think that uh it's not. just i would just say every time. i say this to. a dude that they they say. that and and also if you're mad enough. no you know people seem to. think that like you know. jiujitsu is very technical and very good but like you know there's no way that if a big guy fought her that he would lose. it doesn't matter how much he knows is i'm not doubting that. but i that sounds not right. to me yeah if the guy's big. enough and angry enough. no way why like just cuz of she gets too. close up to her. like she's [ __ ] you mean the the the strength. is completely different but i imagine him. if he's untrained in. any martial arts right he would maybe try to. hit her and she would get out. of the way and then disable. him somehow i don't know. what i'm talking about that. is evident but like it's not i mean. it could happen but no she could she could beat up. women it's just a completely different. thing huh yeah and i'm not saying. like look take a cage. fighter different but i'm talking about. like she's not a cage. fighter you know right. yeah somebody that just trains. in jiujitsu no way. right yeah i i bet. you my ass i bet. you really yeah well i don't know. how big she is but you know. yeah i mean i'm completely untrained. in everything besides but you're 6'2 martial art kicking your ass. whoever you are oh okay. that's what i excel in yeah. i would just goth can attest to. that um yeah i would just say okay. everybody says this so congrats. you're not original thanks very much. and then when they do that. do a thumb lock on them. nice to meet you and that's good. but i also like could have killed you could have killed. you you know i also like uh really like rubbing. their nose and how typical they are yeah. so maybe you could be like oh you know. every single person says that when i mention that. it's so annoying why do you guys. all do that this is really good too. kill them kill them. like that yeah get make a 100 cards. that's have in quotes just. does that mean you can beat me. up we went up you had this. in mind for someone else. yeah i did and and then when they say that. just hand them one of those cards. they would feel like such a [ __ ] [ __ ] that's so good that's so good somebody. gave me cards at a. show probably the last one. i did maybe maybe cleveland. something but um at the meet and greet. she goes here i have these and i think that you could use these and there. she gave me cards. there's probably 50 of them. in there they're like business. cards and they um and they say they say please. stop talking and i give them. to people if they talk too much. oh that's just rude though. yeah it's great oh okay. it's great give them. to my wife give them. to my friends give them. to oh you're a dick. okay yeah well my wife is like you. didn't clean up the dishes. i go she just hands. you one back says please do the dishes. yeah yeah yeah she's got 50. cards to say please. do the dishes all right. cool well yeah your dude. remember that business card thing. also maybe dude i mean unfortunately sometimes it. just comes down to. maybe just don't say it. to certain people only tell people. that you do jitsu that. you're interested in having a real. conversation with other seems like she doesn't it's not. her she say it's not her. whole personality though she probably. does do that i'm saying. to protect yourself from that. maybe be even more guarded with who you. tell cuz that sounds so annoying. that is so annoying if you can help. yourself maybe do it that. way too yeah that's the whole. i'm a comedian i'll tell me a joke. thing yeah yeah mean it's deeper. but remember the no and it's cool. cuz we you know. we work through it. but like um do you remember the business. card thing play the business. card cuz of the stock thing. mako it's cuz of the stock dude. what is it called. your business card is trash. it's going to. come up right away. just put crap your business. card is crap funny. bu funny business card guy. i bet comes up right. away is crap this guy. oh dude this guy's a legend. but not enough of business. card don't let that be your apprehension. don't let not having the tools be your trepidation. these are the gift. the prize you don't spend the money. until you've made the money and then you only spend a percentage. of it and you buy the best. quality you can buy you. see that business card cheap. strathmore stock 60 pb holds a crease. can you tear it absolutely. the best looks like crap. it is crap it's the same. size of every other business. card in my hand that you guys. just gave me these aren't even. your cards that card. looks like crap too one. color nothing special about it. let me see what's it. say on it name of the company. in atlanta it's an agency. this guy's a cso chief. strategic officer wow i'm impressed. so what he's an officer. i know companies that are worth. $10,000 a year and the guy's a ceo. i will never make a criticism if i don't have resolution. yo pause it you see. that car i love dud. look at what he presents. it's the shittiest if anybody that. i might be end up. in business with that i was like a a prospective possible. business person that i could go. into business with if card. like this i would never ever get. into business dude where do you put it exactly. it's a cd you need. to have a purse. if you keep playing play this. is this is the most impressive. business card i've ever seen it's mine. it took me 25. years to design. this that this card is expensive. about $4 a card oh my god because of the stock it. doesn't fit in a roll. index because it doesn't belong. in a roll ofex it's the kind of thing. where your card should be so good that. even if they don't like you they won't throw it out. yes it demonstrates incredible. marketing capability i mean opens life. is not about like aing. being effective my card is diecut oh my card. is foil stamp my. card is embossed look at the way. the shoulder guarante you're kidding my. card instead of telling you. that i'm a ceo cuz who cares. about my title tells you about the result. i generate i build crows. guaranteed what do you do. guaranteed i love this. guy god say own i i i build crowds who. is that guy what does. that mean what do you do. guarante just creates havoc riots. dude i build crowds dude. who is that guy how much did. he die of hiv. i once did a deep dive. and he there's another video of him. out on online talking about the popularity. of that really yeah i don't like when they do. that i want the guy live. as that forever i don't. want them to be like yeah. it was a silly. thing you know i no. he's not doing that oh. good no he's like he's like that's what i do. he's not like walking it. back still doing it yeah. it's not like him being like i know. that was funny but good good. good good good he's exactly. like that still oh god. it's because of the stu. well i mean taking it so to. the next level didn't because of the stu. wasn't like that will farell dude. that is so funny it's so funny. that i've exhausted how many times i've laughed at that. what's so unbelievable he keeps opening. up dude at the end he's just the part. where his should like his shoulder. comes to a point. at the end of the card. it's like so it's going. to injure you oh yeah. if you try to. put that in your pocket. you're going to get poked it's going. to hurt and you're going to. rip it up or burn. it out of spike. i mean dude he says dude. he says even if you hate. me uh you won't get rid of it. you still won't get rid of it. yeah could you imagine getting that. and the next thing you you don't do. is just toss it in the trash. immediately immediately guess what guess. what i wouldn't do that. with though a regular business. card i know you just go. what he's saying is completely the opposite. of the truth was. he the first delusional guy like on social media. no but okay he's working. he's really carrying the torch for delusion. this is this guy worth a if he's worth. a billion dollars okay but he's not of course not how could he be. it's so even talking about when have you ever. gotten a business card that. you can open like it's a a popup. book for kids he has another business. card that he uses for a bookmark in his own. business card you open up. the business card and like a tiger pops out. you know and an elephant. goes like this like my son. would look at that business. card for [ __ ] 25 minutes. yeah exactly and then you get hurt. with it cuz it's got a pokey edge. he'd stab billy with it anyway. we got we got to. keep going with this another. one all right what's up. chris and matt i got a question. for you the head of security. nobody gets past the tall. grass i got the life. rips mouth guard right. here and uh man it's kind of old so i got a question. for you what color scheme. should i get to. use for my fight december. 16th ufc 296 at the tmobile arena. in las vegas let me know. i'm getting a new one. baby life awesome dude. head of security for the log cabin. uh our favorite ufc fighter he's killing. it actually he's doing really well um and we support. him 100% love this dude dude i i just real quick. i saw him completely not through. you after a fight that he won. and he was smiling. and he was showing the mouth. guard life rips and i was like what the [ __ ] does it. say my brother's thing in his mouth. yeah that's funny and then and then i it. is that and then i realized what why. didn't you tell me bad. brother huh because you already knew. how did you know. i knew because then i reverse. engineered got it i got it. we love this dude. killer yeah i okay. so well what color scheme i. don't know man i mean. look i know fighting is. manly and [ __ ] like that but i go bright. especially if it's in the little thing. right there in the you know. got pop i would go. bright neon green. or like a one of those glowinthe dark. colors ooh this is what i vote for but that might be kind of you got to. also think about it's in your mouth. though so it could be kind of like you don't want. to be green cuz that might be gross. uh like a hot pink want. but you need to. be but it needs to. be light enough to. where you see the dark. letters though right so it needs. to be light enough to. where you see the dark. letters so this might be too dark. lighter than this a green. a green that's lighter. than this yeah yes dude that was so quick. if you want more than one color. though that and hot pink. would be sick yeah. but you won't be able. to see it why won't you able. to see it hot. pink is the most visible color. but that and hot pink. what what color the letters maybe you don't. want pink or red in your mouth. though too saying you didn't say. that don't act meant that. i meant that i meant that. but what about oh ooh what about. no no the light green. the light neon kind of hen. say color scheme it. makes you think you want one. color and then another compl yeah i think that he meant. i mean it's such a small area. you got to pick one. color and then you got to. make the give him another color. in case he needs another. one all right but it's like all right. um about the light green. twotone green no because then you can't. see the letters oh yeah the letters have to. then the letters only have to. be black right so it has to. be right right right the the other the other color. is black it has to. be light green like this. shade but lighter and then black there you go. how do you make one of those. by the way he he handm makes it. he hand makes his own. mouth when he's not training. it's his second toal yeah like this. he does it when he's on the elliptical. he's the man dude. we love him he's my favorite. ufc fighter cool yeah the guy's good that's cool. it's good it's cool. i love it ah it's good. and and and that and that vibe the life. rips that's how he's winning. dude that's how he's winning. even if you lose life. still rips you got to. remember that's when it ripped. but he's not going to. lose cuz he's the man yeah he's not going to. lose all right cool he's cool. god bless him and his wife. i'm religious caprio oh my god in the departed. dude leard caprio in the departed. go back rnd dude leonard dicaprio in the departed. he's just going to. start begging us for like med like pills. he can take to. to numb his mind. all right cuz he goes through. so much [ __ ] what do i do about my forehead. oh i have a pretty large. forehead and everywhere i go. people comment on it um talk about it. you know anytime i don't wear a hat. that is um and you know. most times lately especially i have. been wearing hats um so you know. to cover it up um so what do i do. about my forehead i'm thinking uh do i just go. bald um you know my dad's bald. a lot of my family. mers are bald um you know but then i think well i don't really have the muscles to. be going bald um so should i be hitting the gym. and then going bald. um you don't just for reference this is. what my hair looks like i mean. bro who's making fun of you. what kind of [ __ ] are you surrounding yourself you have a regular ass forehead. yeah i mean that's not even. a five head you're going. bald well you're going bald exactly but it's forehead's. a normal [ __ ] size yeah no one has hair in their forehead. that's his head they're getting in your big. head they're getting into. your regularized head regular sized regular foreheaded head. dude i think uh i think that if you that this. brings up a great. point though that i have said if you're bald. you got to have a good body. you cannot be bald. and fat and you can't be bald. and too skinny or just have a flabby. nothing body if you lose your hair. the acceptable thing to. do to be in society. is have a great. body i don't like what you're saying. i don't like it either. i i wish it wasn't true. i don't like it either. what about the guy. in night court who just died. he was bald okay and his body was whatever. he was the man. but he's probably really tall. right yeah he is really tall. fair enough he's big enough. oh so you can be really tall. and not have a great. body he's not fat though he's like just got big dense. body okay so if you have big dense. body and you're bald. that's okay okay but if you are bald. and you do not have big. dense fat big dense body and you're fat or just flabby skinny if you're bald not good enough oh also he's not bald look he shaves. it that's hilarious oh oh wow. i didn't know that me neither yeah. rip though richard maul dude. you were the men you were so funny. in night court wonder why. i was bald in night. court just like getting into. the character man you know. he's not bald wow see there. you go it one. for me yeah he actually got a great. head of hair yeah he's got great. hair hair like dad look at that. yeah you don't think about that. click on the one. all the way to. the right result yeah naturally. that one yeah yeah i mean. he's literally got a great. head of hair i mean that is dad. that guy that's so interesting. that he shaved it. cuz everyone knows him as a shaved. head guy yeah that's actually so good for him. imagine being super recognizable bald. but actually having hair that's like such a good. life ah you know what i'm saying. like no one would stop him on the street. he's so recognizable though. i bet you i feel like i feel like he's too i. would i would you i would would not i would i be like that's the guy. that's my favorite actor richard maul. uh he just died. huh he just died. yeah really like this. week mhm oh really like by. the time of this recording. it'll have been over a week. but yeah oh wow. so um that's too bad he was he was 80. huh he looks he looked. great that makes well we don't know. when that was taken. right right but i me but if that's him. in his 70s he looked great yeah that's great. um some people just die. huh everyone actually not just no. but some people it's just like like and they're 80. and it's like some people they decline. i guess most i don't know. most people well i mean to. some degree and i guess we haven't se like you know. we don't know what his. last year of life. was like he's 80. he could have been anything. i know but but some people you're just like like you you see. them and they're like wow. he's great and then they die. correct yeah that's [ __ ] up i wish. you're just realizing this you're 43. years old no i know but it's like i want it. to i want people to. i want people to. know i i wish we knew i don't wish we knew when it was coming. from birth i wish we got like. okay you got you know. two years left god i'm so happy. we don't we don't have. that that would ruin the world. me too if everyone knew me too. from 2 years out. when they were going to. die me too it. the world would have already been destroyed. first of all i know but it it. would not work it become completely. i don't wish that it. would be good for everyone else. in your life to. know but not you if you had like a force field. around possibly knowing and people who love you got to. know you'd be tell that would be fine. you'd be able to. tell people would be treating you. way saying if you had a force fi around. possibly knowing like no you. couldn't get the hey jim's here. i'm talking about like an actual thing. not i hope you're really enjoy this. birthday party so annoying not that everyone has to. keep it a secret you. [ __ ] happy birthday to. you happy birthday dear jim. one of the most important. people i ever met in my entire life. just i hope he knows. that it's weird that we want. people before they die. to know how much they mean. to us it's like uhhuh. they're just going to. die just do that before then do that. your whole life because that's when it matters. don't cram it in at the end. it's like it's god i mean. we have to say it. right i could just start laughing. my brother just farted. in the middle of me. making an important point about life. even my butthole has good timing. wow on your uh gravestone even his butthole. here lies a man. even whose butthole had good. timing uh yeah i completely. forgot i was going. to say but a fart. will do that to. you yeah a fart will do. that to you okay. i ate a uh nope. that's not what we do. we don't go into. the details of what we ate after we fart. people don't want to. know the specks of a fart. you know what's what specs. got on that like it's a car. yeah ex oh hey what kind of what. kind of f was that. yeah nobody wants that dude. was ling eight and then the meal. before that too cuz could no i i had a a [ __ ] congrats we don't care. what's uh oh hold on man. all right all right all right. i want to. talk about it separately. it has nothing to. do with the fart well now it. does it's inextricably t everybody. farts all right everybody. fart inextricably tied to the fart. everybody farts everybody. toot so hold on. last night last night i ain't. a [ __ ] poptart you did no oh okay well what i did don't mislead us tell us what tell us the truth. you did poptart what kind no. i didn't need a poptart. this sucks which is it. dude you're like you're talking to. the riddler talking to. the riddler what is the truth. retired riddler but still has the life in him. and can't stop imagine the rther on a first. date she's like what the [ __ ] i don't know what believe you or is [music]. it she's just like [ __ ] he was nice but like i couldn't tell what was true. that's right i've got the beef. sirloin for you and what about you. boy i would like something that lives. at night but night's so so um uh last night. mhm i i got a burger. mhm will william shner i couldn't remember. what i got and then i got it. from fred 62 you know. that place i do okay. they have their own. poptarts that they make oh yeah. so it's not a poptart. it's whatever it is they right. yeah so i got it yeah. and i ate that and i don't think it. was that good it wasn't good. it was fine what a tale. you know nobody tells them like you do. i don't think that i don't think that. they should have it on their menu. yeah i know what you mean. no because it's it's fine. yeah fred 62 is not. a great place it's really not go. oh dude i'm wrong no. oh you're right it's fine. no i'm not [ __ ] on it it's borderline fine. less than fine it's like a diner. just any diner yeah it's no. swingers swingers is great for a diner swingers. is better for sure the 101. was the best but yeah it's gone. now now it's a different place. i can't believe it's gone. it's a different place now. i know i think the menu. is roughly the same though. oh i think i'm not sure. i have no idea you're talking out. of your ass okay. so i haven't been there since but um what was i going. to say no one knows something about the fred 62. oh yeah dude i go on postmates. you know to get them. to freaking bring it you. know the burger mh the burger. is $25 you know. it's crazy man things. cost so much now dude a burger is $25 you know what's the sad. truth is probably they probably can't. even stay in business. if they make like that's it's not even they're like let's [ __ ] people over they're like the meets this. buns that the [ __ ] you know. what i mean it's like [ __ ] so expensive. now across the board d. and it showed up and it was not a $25 burger. of course not like you go. to a place to. a restaurant you get a burger. honestly if you go to. a nice restaurant and get a $25 burger. that's expensive totally yeah this. [ __ ] burger was 251 it was actually 251 okay well that penny doesn't matter at all but yeah that's what it was and it was so mid bro it wasn't bad though. it was just whatever it was fine. right okay it was it. was truly fine but dude. david's was even worse. cuz his second pat was super small. know why i know why guess he probably ordered. something shitty with a bunch of [ __ ] on it that's so he got no cheese. on it and uh dude and whatever. it was bad but anyway how about when people act like they're eating healthy. and they order something that's just a [ __ ] mess for your body but you get it with like no cheese you get it. get something shitty for your body. but no no bun god forbid that's legit. i i did i said that. on stage a few nights. ago because of david sullivan. yeah that's the most david sullivan. thing d he will be like man. dude this dude i this is what i was talking about. on stage basically the bit. but part of it but i was like uh cuz you have that. one friend that is just like oh man. i think it's that cheese. like i think i got cheese. you know and it's like dude. you ate a [ __ ] chair you know what i mean. yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah dude. it's so it's so ridiculous [ __ ] he eats us i used to. live with a guy. when then they'll be like well it had dairy. in it right yeah. i lived when i lived in new. york uh i lived in this. shitty old tenement style. railroad style uh a forf flight walk up. you couldn't even get to. the main area without going. through other people's bedrooms. that's railroad style right. yeah that's terrible that terrible. and uh one of the dudes used. to order from this thae place. all the time and before. the food would get there. he would run downstairs to. the little bodega on the corner. of the street and get a cup of coffee. okay to have with his. tha food oh god no and i was always like listen. there's going to. come a day that. you're going to be so [ __ ] up that you're going to. do what you're doing now. mh and you're going to. need to go to. the emergency room and guess what i'm not going. to help you do that. i'm not going to. be the one that goes with you. because i'm telling you now. it's going to. happen and it's going to. be only your own fault. okay okay i swear on. my [ __ ] life okay like either a month 3 months i don't know how long the distance. was he that happened he got such terrible. food poisoning that he had to. go to the [ __ ] hospital and then what he was there. for a whole [ __ ] day did you go with him. no my other roommate did. cuz i was like i'm not going. i told you we all knew. it was gonna happen i'm not wasting. a [ __ ] day at a hospital because you sent yourself. there but but but he could have just disagreed that. it was going to. happen he could have what did. he disagree it was. gonna happen yeah he was like what. it's fine he's like i never get sick. from this i was like okay. you're gonna and when that day. comes i'm not helping you why. did you think it was going. to happen have you ever. eaten thai food yeah. a few times and have you ever. dr had coffee in your life. yes that's why okay but that. doesn't mean you're going. to get food poisoning. it just me you're going. to [ __ ] up it's like throwing matches near. tanks of gasoline with big wide openings that the match could fall into. and then someone being like well doing that. might actually blow something up. you think so yeah i was right. though so i don't think so i know so was it food. poisoning no no i mean i don't know. i guess i don't know the clinical. term for whatever why did he go. to the hospital bro. because he was he was like uh jeff. daniels and dumb and dumber. you know feet off feet. off the ground like that yeah exactly. dude you know when you're there and you're sitting there. and you're like oh and you know. what i mean i let it go. be honest happen to. me in so long i know but i i do it. it could something nice about just something. nice about it it's so gross. dude but it is though. it is that dude. i i when last time. you had food poisoning. where was coming out uh oh dude. oh my god i had such bad food. poisoning remember that at the beach. that one year no oh i was vomiting so hard. i was never so i don't i don't even think about it. [ __ ] so hard at the beach. what beach what like what seal. beach when oh man. i mean it was a long. time ago oh wait yeah. i do remember that this. during my first marriage yeah you were acting like a [ __ ] on the couch the whole. time bro i was in the bathroom. the whole time d it. would come out and you be it. was the kind where it would just be like like where you're just. it's just firing out you can't. and dude and the best. part was like you know i don't know if dad. came in once and was just like you're right. and then they're just go they i i just i know. they're in bed just like this. yeah and i'm just it's 3:00. a.m. dude and they're just and everyone. else is just i couldn't stop dude. and it did not come. out of my butt it. did not come out of my butt. yeah well that's even worse. because then it's just disgusting. when it when it comes out. of both when you're vomiting. and it's coming out of your bump. at the same time yeah dude. i know somebody that that's happened. simultaneously yes and they they were like you have to. choose one it was like i got to. throw up and [ __ ] which one hits the b chose. wisely wow that sounds like the worst. and they were they were vomiting. in the thing and [ __ ] out on the floor. yeah dude don't make that. choice i don't know don't make but grab a trash. can [ __ ] in the toilet. and throw up can we just do. you know what i mean. you don't always have the whole here's here's the thing. though you don't you you can't just you're in different. positions cuz you're contorting and you got. to fall down you got to. get up you got so you know. you're hanging you're like oh no. and you throw up and uh oh and it comes out. too like you're just the bathroom's just a war. zone god it's interesting. how i think i've had food. poisoning once it does i get sick. a lot in a lot of different. ways my stomach is like a [ __ ] made of iron. i've had it either one that one. time or or maybe another time. oh you too you know. yeah i wonder that about very rarely. even i remember there. was there was one time i realized i hadn't thrown up. in like over a decade. yeah yeah cool i'm great. all right let's do one. more before we're done all right. all right hi chris and matt. sam from toronto i was hanging out with some buddies. recently and uh as you as you are. when you get a bunch of dudes together. um it's the randomst most random stuff comes. up um somehow the topic of conversation. going ways in which you put your pants. on making it up and seemed like the consensus was that. most people most of the guys. i was talking to. at least both the the so that the pants. are on the ground. and way describing both feet. go in and they pull straight up from there. and that was ludicrous. to me i could not. believe that it was pretty. much everybody there thought that was the best. way i have always i had to. think about it cuz i like so such a random. thing but i do a one step in then halfway. up and then the other light. goes in all the way. up um am i crazy. is that not what people normally. do world in you would put hang out with a bunch. of three or foury olds and then pull up from there. like what the [ __ ] do i need to. rethink my life um dude. that's like anyways help me. out here guys um yeah that's like people that's like people who what that's like. honestly people who go to. the bathroom in the urinal and put their pants. all the way down to. the angles dude. like what are you doing. matt mcmurray if you're out there. watching i was friends. with you when we were like five or six. uh you lied and said you. had seen total recall when you in fact. hadn't seen total recall anyway this isn't about that we just non sec. one time you were at my house. hanging out with me and steven leo. and for some reason we're all being rough and just being like you know little knuckleheads cuz that's what five and sixy. olds are but matt went matt. you went to the bathroom. this a confessional i'm speaking. directly to you matt. you went to the bathroom. and i thought it' be. funny to barge in on. you uh but you were peeing. standing up and your pants. were all the way down. to your ankles and i felt so embarrassed. that for you that i tried. to quietly close the door so that. like you wouldn't know i barged in but as i'm coming. back out matt like you like turned your head. to like look over. and when you did that. i shut it real quick. and matt was like what were you. doing why were you coming to. the bathroom and i was like i didn't do. it i didn't do it. i didn't i didn't that didn't happ it. didn't have let me tell you it. did happen that's the stupid. bad because you were acting like a little kid. even though you were a little kid. nobody want no little kid. wants to be acting like a little kid. you know what i mean. it's embarrassing and i was embarrassed for you. and i still don't know. why to this. day your pants were run. your ankles when you were only peeing. but how old was he five or six no. uh i guess yeah maybe maybe seven. i don't know i mean. dude that's the most used story of all. time oh dude yeah it is yeah. to feel bad about something. that maybe somebody would maybe feel bad. about but probably doesn't yeah. and then yeah because yeah i know. you know what's even stupider. this is the stupidest part. i wouldn't be embarrassed yeah. if that happened to. me oh that's very you that's very you that. is the that is the peak stupidity. of all there's a lot. of stupid [ __ ] about it but that is the stupidest. part yeah yeah it's true. that's how i pee even. now to this day. can't wait till my next. 30 i can't wait till my next therapy. session this is what i'm going. to talk about there are much. bigger issues so you claim this is really going. to change my life. so hold on i i had to. relearn to do that and now. i do that what pissed. with the my pants around. my ankle so you do. that now as a 40something. year old yeah i literally learned. when i was 38. relearned you know uh not. hard to relearn unlearned uh no um no you those people that you're talking about are either. three and four years old. they might even be trolling. you adults just do not. do that that is not a thing. adult adults do the only thing i could argue is maybe they were talking about from a sitting position. they do that that's the only time. it's borderline acceptable that would have come. up because this is he's getting. trying tr think of all the angles. cuz that's so even then is is wrong. i still do it the first the way. yeah but if you're overweight. and you got to. sit down and do it. i making up so if you're overweight. and you live in the american. south from culture on the west side. of the mississippi river. at 6 p.m. or later. like job early it's just you're tired what children. do okay and that's it. adults do it the way. the guy the submitter the submission. do you ever have you ever. tried to pee with only. by just using the fly and just taking your penis. out and and your belt's still buckled yeah yeah yeah you have i've tried it. yeah what was it like to. you it was difficult. worst interview it was difficult. because it's hard to. control where all of the p. go when you don't have control. over the speaking speaking when you're not when you're not controlling. the shaft of your coari. no that's not why it's difficult. have you tried it yes. okay then why did you display shock. when i said trap difficulty is if you do it. the underwear will continue to. try and rise up and cut off the supply. oh to the p. sure that's true too but you is. also take your balls. out too when you pee you take your balls. out too it's yeah. yeah and you also hold your leg. up with it and everything you hold. your left leg up with your balls. and dick as you pee. you take your legs. out you take your legs. out no dude you it's best to. control the shaft of your winky. doodle dandy when you are peeing. because that's where the it's like holding. a gun on the tri on the i understand. you also have to. hold your underwear down. if you're just letting it out. so i'm saying take your balls. out too like you're in that [ __ ] amateur allure porn videos the guy oh right yeah you do what is that amateur laur what the [ __ ] is that anthony knows you know it's always funny when somebody makes a joke. about a certain kind of porn. some people don't get it. somebody else laughs hard you're like you a freak. [ __ ] no it's it's not even freaky it's just what they do it's amateur lore. is this we is this. porn website where this guy only takes he never takes his pants. down okay he only if he has a belt on it's buckled. oh he unzips it takes. his penis and balls out. okay and that's how he gets a [ __ ] and [ __ ] hey guy take off your pants. i don't know if he likes the you know. the constriction of it or what but he i don't know what it is i i don't know what it is but he never you know what actually in my head i think it might be he's got identifiable tattoos oh and he doesn't want people to. know he does porn cuz he never shows. his face got it okay dude. luther sherlock holmes yeah sherock holmes. cu someone would be like cu. someone will be like well why. why does he only. do that a must like it. must be a king thing. something doesn't make sense. does it the worst. episode of luther there could possibly. be i think you know. what it is tattoos is doesn't won't be identified. that's why it doesn't show. his face and every goes like just ah that's why. he's luther the reason he only takes his [ __ ] and balls out. instead of taging his pants all. the way down is cuz he's got identifying. marks it's up above his. [ __ ] and balls probably like a tiger or something maybe it's a yin and a yang i just gna. say yeah you did yang. yeah yeah um maybe it's the name. of a former lover all right. you know okay uh discarded luther episode. ideas what uh [ __ ] what was i going. to say before oh right. yeah you do have to. take to to. make sure the band of the underword does. not constrict or restrict. the flow of the urine. you have to. lift carefully the balls out. oh no go over over tantri sex. tantric sex tantric teacher atten constructor dude. um you lift the balls. over the band of the underwear. continue to. pull the band down so it does. not restrict or constrict the. flow of the urine. let the urine flow until you are. finished shake shake shake shake your body right doesn't know it. okay and then no and then you you gently slide the balls. and penis back yeah. you don't want to. have the balls bang against the leg. okay demonetized to high. heaven but but um no i it's not it's worth it's you think it's more it's one of those things that you think it's more convenient by not unbuckling your belt it. ends up being way. more work you're that's exactly. right what you said all. right good i thought you were going. to disagree i was about i was already. getting a pissed off. no it's exactly right it's the most you've only been that. right you've never been more right. frankly you're never ever really often that right. in the first place no. but you can only be that right. i don't know listen. this podcast is one day going. to be the biggest podcast known to. man mh share it with your friend. my special is out grow. or die go to. crystalia you can get it. now for 10 bucks i've worked so hard. on it please go. support and check it out. don't steal it just. [ __ ] you know uh and uh that's it go to. lifeline luxury patreon dot com. lifeline luxury leave a comment and share this episode. with your friends man. it's uh you know we want. to we want to. grow like grow we want. to grow or die. we want to. grow or die. also check out my new upcoming. podcast the private record at the private. dot com see what it's all. about submit yourself as a potential. guest as long as you. got a story that's good enough. to share with the world. we want you uh privat. record dot com or the privat. gmail dot com what else. that's it okay bye thank you. hello hello hello will you please. hello hello hello hello 