 runk hello hello hello hello hello and i'm pissed. about i don't think we're are we rolling. okay but did we start. yeah we started and that's such a boring. way to start. i didn't know we were starting. episode man but that's okay. now that i know that. we started i'm going to. be like crazy entertaining it'll be really. interesting yeah dude that's great. well there's a really they're going. like they're shifting the screens. around right now and they put up on the screen. an image of one of the people. that's going to be on. the show and it was the ugliest. anyone has ever looked was that. one single image w that's really rude. i guess we won't say. who i'm not going to. say who there's a guy all right. it's episode 96 february 11th what that's great. i love it i love february. 11th i love february and uh if you want. to you know what helps this. podcast keep going is patreon. is our patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury now it's what's up. yeah it is what's up. it's what's up but let me. give you a little behind the scenes. okay the tv went out. right when we did our announcements and that's so great. cuz now we can't see what we have. to do says no amazing. and that's pissing us off. and anthony's trying to plug something back in while he's eating yeah eating trying to plug something in not working a big big bite was just like plugging it in uh got here with one minute to spare so now to lateness they're scrambling but it's all good one minute to lateness do you know why one minute to lateness is a great we can do it without that could we do it live well what i have to do is farget we'll do it live what i have to do is pull up here because it's so it's a february 11 so then my next dates are rochester kitner sheveport louisiana houston corpus chrisy texas durham norfol grand rapids fort wayne sagen victoria bc oh yeah that's one too i forgot austa that's a beautiful place that's also a beautiful place yeah so i'm going to a lot of different places say chia dot com i don't give a nor [ __ ] no okay you could i've never said that i will not say that okay until i die it's more my thing i guess yeah um i don't even want to hear it honestly and what is up with my on and poppin and on and popping podcast the private record yeah subscribe on youtube at the private record like and comment please share with your friends if you want to be a guest on the show go to the private dot com and submit yourself as a potential guest last episode was bing bong bonkers episode 3's crazy crazy saw i just saw the uh the screen of it is is her face pixelized the whole time yeah dude she has she wanted to be anonymous yeah that's she dropping bombs on the world okay about her family okay that's yeah um but yeah we got a special valentine's day episode coming up it's the he call the guest calls it the craziest the worst catfish story of all time he's wrong though it's not really a catfish story but this chick lied through her teeth and it's the craziest craziest craziest it's a special one for the lovers on valentine's day w and also of course of course the big of course if you want to be on this show you got a question you need some advice go to watch lifeline dot com uh or just click the link in the description below uh you want oneonone advice with me go to mata dot com and you want the. merch you want to. look sexy and fly do you want. that if you want that go. to lifeline merch dot com. if you don't want that. go somewhere else go to. like j crew dot com. if you don't want to. be sexy and fly go. to j crew dot com. banana republic dot com dude. losers uh no don't be so uh they're losers. infammatory if they get other clothing. they are losers well we we're wearing other. clothing right now well we're losers. dude uh okay that's fine. um how about how um what what. what's up so drunk. so worst worst host of all time. no so what i want to. know is the traffic over here. was worse than it. normally is and and and this is something. that happens after after it rains. why does it happen. after it rains because when it's done. raining it's not raining you're not going. to like the answer. oh no dude i'm not. am i no you're not going. to i don't i you. how do you know. me so well and and i know you know okay. go ahead it's going. to piss you off for a number of reasons. yeah okay okay you really know. me huh okay yeah after it rains. yeah the this is only true. in places where it doesn't often oils and like weird. things that make the road slick. come the water brings it. out i don't like it and so the rain. makes all that stuff come out. and stay on the road so people get into. accidents more that's but that's no. see i don't like that answer. because i i drove over here. there were no accidents okay. well that i can't i couldn't i don't know. that's stupid i i traffic in la obviously. is always bad but like it. being so unpredictable over the last couple. years is absolutely infuriating. you'll be like oh well 11. o' is always the best time. bro we got know a huge thing. about this the other day. we were talking about that's i know. but now you have to. plan that going anywhere anywhere is. going to take you. up to an hour. sometimes i get here it takes a half. an hour i'm here so early i know. well that's the problem though i left super. early because i didn't want to. be late for this because you need to. be done at a certain time. i got here super early. i care before you you. got here early yeah. what's up with dude. you know what i heard and i want. to talk about this because i can't stop thinking about it. what they linked seriously picking. your nose to al. alzheimer's i think i sent. that to you oh yeah. no headline no no okay. i have i heard this yesterday. i have not wanted i have i can't. stop thinking about picking my i want. to pick my nose so. now i can't stop thinking about it. all right well first of all the study. the headline i i hate i hate. how this i mean i hate a lot. of things about the media. but there's one specific thing that happens. why they're completely unbiased the the way. stories like that travel one. outlet will see that that. story is getting track traction. on another outlet so they'll post. their own version of it. but the study itself if you actually. read into it which i didn't i haven't even seen this. hurt yeah who would who would. read any of it's first. of all don't the most disgusting. picture of all time you're going. to show a picture of somebody. picking their nose don't have the person. have a disgusting goatee yeah true. true when yeah it's like when when smashmouth picks their nose. yeah have a beautiful person picking their nose. and also don't make it such a closeup yeah. it's gross that's gross. yeah have a guy from far. away with a suit on and a briefcase. that's like this yeah yeah have have a sexy. like john ham guy doing it. you know what i mean. but anyway no but okay. so the study says it may. be there may be a very it's very tenuous they're not. saying there is a link they're. saying there may be a link. and all it is is that because when you pick. your nose or when you put anything in your nose. your nose as a as a way. of defending itself releases these. i think it's like an enzyme or a protein. and that protein is found. in like much more in alzheimer's. patients it's so ten it's not like yeah yeah yeah but what what i want. to so they have so i hate why. so i hate heads. headlines like this now people. are going to. think that picking your nose. gives you alimer it's not. true so you read this. i don't know which one i read. but you read you. read something i mean. you know that an article on it. so okay so obviously when i see something like this. i don't think oh picking your nose. makes al al okay but um what was i going. to say great now it's in your head. or something like now you think about it. so you don't want to. do it even though you. don't think it gives youhe okay. go say before you forget what. i want to. know is and the answer is. the answer is you but who reads. this kind of stuff like for real. and i don't even mean. necessarily this i was on a way. here and i i listen. to sometimes i go through. the apple news stuff because you could just press. it on the car and it'll tell you what's going. on oh okay one of them. was how veil c colorado. is is revamping their uh trying to. make people come ski more. in the news okay okay. and that's so boring and i and i i clicked on. it because i'm like okay. how is this not i have to. see how this is interesting. because it's so boring. and they just made a whole thing. that was like 20 minutes. long talking about veil colorado see i find. needs people they're it's such a rich. person's town they need more. people to come like veil's doing fine. i thought dude i i'm i'm i'm a to. try to look at the thing. i can't find it but it was like was it. basically just saying come to. veil no it wasn't like a thing. like that it was like a was it. about how they're trying to. get people to come to. veil i'm gna i'm gonna you know. what i'm gonna google veil apple. news and here we go. and it'll come up probably you can go. in your history you know. that right no because it what it's not. that it's the app um latest news. from apple news veil and it's not showing it. great okay okay so well this is a problem. because now we're talking about veil and don't know why. mean inside veils work for like who who [ __ ] anyway. you always see these headlines where it's like who gives this. [ __ ] and it's people's jobs to. report on this. yeah so what's what's the question. so is that get if that's getting. clicks then why are they reporting. dumb [ __ ] like the thing. about the nose picking thing. well that's getting way more clicks. the nose picking thing i guarantee. you got tons of clicks. is everyone who picks tons of clicks. from everyone who picks because they're scared. anything that makes people scared click. click click click click yeah dude. here's a good headline ninjas. is that a question. yeah question mark exclamation. point like cuz they're scared. of ninjas you would click it. on any platform what about this. murderers you go to. yahoo news no yeah for sure. but you go to. yahoo news if it go. if it if it says on the thing. veil colorado yada yada picking your nose. leads to alzheimer's uh. you know james cordon uh said this. the next one is ninjas. mhm you go oh [ __ ] mh click mh. psych oh gotcha thanks. for the click okay well no one. would no one would ever go. to that site again. if the the click through the result was psych. yeah well wow googled ninjas. wow sign ninjas busy. at night as election. day fast approaches sign sign njas worst. kind of independent deaf ninjas. they do sign all right. um well that's okay you know. but i don't you know. there's too many news. sites there's too many. news articles the news. i understand obviously we need it. we need to know what's going. on in the world but there's too much. of it i when i'm president. and i'm running in 2024. when i'm president i'm going. to outlaw 70% of the existing. news sites and i throw them. all in jail if that seems like a good number. 30% if 30% of the existing new stilll continued then continued to. remain that would be the right. amount yeah you know. well yeah i i don't know. i i i i basically need to. take gingo baloba because i think of things. to say and then i forget to. say them which is now again. it's happened twice. now this episode and i'm just i'm a [ __ ] podcaster. for [ __ ] sake and i can't remember what the hell i was going. to say if i don't think about it. for 3 seconds total if i 3. seconds and it it goes away. and then i'm done dude. a goldfish goldfish ginko baloba. huh yeah oh i remember what it. is well came back to. me dude okay yeah alzheimer's. maybe you have maybe that's what's happening. that's what i'm saying but here's the deal. that's the best one. to get when you're older. best one of what diseases. like dementia or specifically all okay. yeah because you can just it doesn't. really affect you you know. it affects everyone else it. affects everyone else you're just. like right yeah i know several people who have it. so severely that they literally think everyone that they love. is still alive that's awesome. i that's i'm agreeing with. you obviously it comes with bad. things even for the person. who has but that is i thought about that. i thought like well that. sounds i would love to. think everything's still 85 on alzheimer's. uhhuh yeah hey everyone that's still. here well you should start picking. your nose pronto dude just always dude. just like this all the time. yeah me 90 on alzheimer's. on alzheimer's like it's a drug. you know me on al. got to do that. alzheimer's huh dude how dope is that though. what that i that i would be that. chill on alzheimers okay that's the worst. sentence ever that i would be that. chill on alzheimer's how dope. am i though how dope is it. though was how it started so anyway. okay you're pretty dope okay. let's get into it. what me on allm. what what's up chris and matt. this is alex calling you from. new york massive fan of you. both massive thank you to. you both for getting me. through some hard times so appreciate what you guys do my question is about the speed. in which a coffee shop. learns your name and coffee. order um there's a coffee shop on every block in manhattan. and we go to. probably five to six. different ones over a month. span yeah and they all seem to. learn my name and order. pretty fast i would say. within like four trips they. already have it down path. soon as i walk in yeah what's up. alex c brew right right. simple drink um and my question. is is that is it. just because it's their job. to remember a customer's name and order. or is there something about me. simple drink memorable dude. it's simple drink memorable dude. i think there's something about simple. drink there's something about you simple. drink wow memorable dude. yeah hey hey dude you're talking to. the mr mr memorable over. here yeah and mr. simple drink yeah c i. think hey chris yeah. i think four if someone's remembering your name and your drink after four trips. mhm something's going on you're a memorable. person you're a cool guy. if it's a chick you know. what's up they want to. well it could be a guy especially manhattan. a guy could want why. are you doing mad comra. by way of kermit the frog. because that's how it sounds dude. that's how pretty much that's how all of mad. jordan peterson that's how that's how all rastafarian music. sounds they're all kermit that's funny. actually um um all right so yeah. you're you're memorable bro you're a handsome. guy maybe they remember your nose. hair he had a lot. of nose hair i'm surprised he didn't redo. the video they it's not that. he has a lot of nose. hair the light was hitting it. hard you know why he didn't yeah. cuz he's cool i know yeah. you don't retake if you don't retake. a video i know because i know your your nose. hair was i know was very very prominent. in the video you're a cool. person if you retake a video because your nose hair. was tooo prominent you're it's not. like your necessarily less cool. but you're probably less cool. i know yeah okay i know well everyone knows i'm also talking to. the audience and not no. but everyone is going like this. in their car or their or their cubicle i know. they're nodding along yeah they're doing. that yeah they're or they're babysitting. or something they're like i know. whatever they're doing yeah true. skiing listening to. the podcast i know yeah. golfing four i know that's what they're doing. holding one i know the two terms i know from golf. cool guy yeah so yeah. you're a cool dude. you got a great. jaw you got good. you know i think think one. of the keys to. being a goodlook dude. is a good jaw you know. what i'm saying yeah if or or or you know. and chin that goes with chin. cu if you don't have a good. chin bro if you have a chin. that just goes in under your mouth. you're a piece of [ __ ] you know chins. are really important yeah. you got to have a chin. and for people with no chins. you know what's really important. beards yeah yeah if you have no chin. get a beard i have a beard. and a chin. well then you're nobody would say i don't have either. of those no you have a chin. you don't need the beard. i i have a chin. i don't need the beard. but i know guys who don't have. chins have a beard. they have a beard they look. fine they shave they look. turkey like they got their jaw punched. off they look like they're going to. be like going down on someone no i mean. what mickey mouse going down. i dude just they they when they have that. [ __ ] when the mouth goes just sh like that it's terrible awful. bro terrible get implant get a chin. implant get a chin. implant i would get a chin. implant i should get a chin. implant you don't need one. i should get one. anyway okay um right actually i've seen people with like fake. chins it's really really weird. looking i still think the only. thing that you should get is fake. boobs if you're if you know. i i don't think there's like fake butts. is like there's a girl at my gym. that fake butts legit. creep me out well there's a but but why though it's you know what i'm saying cu. fake boobs for the same. reason the in the last episode. you were like h. about snipping the oh the vast. difference yeah because it's just i just think about the butt. and it's like you sit on you're putting stuff on it. yeah you sit on it. you're putting like fake stuff. in your butt like come on. i was i was uh sit on it. dude i had a uh there's a girl at at my gym. that has a fake butt. very obviously but it it. it looks nice if you if you don't look. at it a certain way. and then once you think about it. it's like it's it's very it's not. natural like it's it's not natural. looking it's it's nice. i guess but it's not natural looking. and like you you i think of that. when i see it mhm. so it kind of is like weird. to me yeah she also has fake boobs and i don't think about that. well i think fake boobs they've been around. for longer right for sure. that so there's that and i thought of that. before you for sure but i thought of that. before i even got here but it's harder to. to definitely notice if boobs are. fake really i think so than a fake. butt dude when i see a fake. butt i'm like fake butt. right well there's obviously fake butt. which is terrible but then there's like like i i knew. i knew a woman that got it. that would like when she just got it. she brought she had to. bring a donut around. and sit on it. like one of those yeah sit on it. so um anyway yeah i don't know i fake. butts are why did we start. talking about fake butts. uh why did we talk about fake. oh we were talking about um fake chins. oh yeah yeah yeah yeah i only think that fake. like like oh and no job. is fine you know. anything that doesn't gross. me out is fine. uh i mean you know. so here what grosses you out. no this is what i to. say though it's not the same. for everybody and that's not fair. but it's true it's not no. sometimes people just get a thing. done and i'm like that was that's you. shouldn't have done that. that's gross some people get the exact same. thing done and i'm like what. but that's only be what i don't know. what to saying that. doesn't make any sense. you need to. revisit that but you need to. revisit that honestly well maybe i will one day um yeah in any case nose job's. okay lip fillers are okay. if it's not not big if it's not big okay. all right all right fine. next one no lips. lips like butts gross. me out hey chris matt i'm a big fan. of the podcast um i'm having a really tough time. in toronto in college. and so watching the podcast. every sunday always brings me. joy and for my issues. a my question today is kind of on. behalf of my friend so. i'll try and leave out information. for her sake herelle she goes to. school in the south in one of the southern. states and she basically needs advice. on what should she include in a text. to end things with a guy. so a little bit of backstory is they met. on tinder this guy's 40. and she's 20 oh w. um they've gone on a bunch. of dates he spent a bunch. of money on her. she feels really guilty but but they recently had like a getaway weekend. where um he bought this. expensive hotel they had sex um she feels really guilty and awful about it she doesn't want to. be doing that she feels guilty. for hooking up with people she's kind of like that. meme i've never done anything. like this before like she's just she's meek. and innocent and she feels really guilty has been having panic. attacks about it has a lot. of anxiety um has been withholding it. from her therapist because of how guilty and shameful she feels so basically. it's like this either she needs. to change her behavior. or her attitudes and she's not going to. change her attitudes around sex in the world. and so she needs to. change her behavior basically she needs. to end things with this. guy this guy because she's in a state where the gun. laws are kind of loose. uh he's strapped and she's genuinely worried she. has anxiety and a bunch of other issues. she's genuinely worried he will come. find her and kill her. or shoot her if um she rejects. him so any advice. on what she should include in a text. to be as respectful. as possible possible would be love. you guys she's wait this. that was a crazy uturn. for me she's too worried. about things she my my that. was my second thought after the initial like holy. [ __ ] this guy that was my first thought what was your first thought my first thought was holy [ __ ] and my second thought was like wait this she seems to. be overreacting to. the initial part maybe she yeah. exactly okay so i the same. thing yeah but like let's just say. yeah right because what if she's right. there are men who take it. terribly and even if they don't actually. do anything violent they lord. over with the power of like. threats of physical violence. which i mean jump in a river. dude but uh i don't i i don't here's what i think. i don't think your level. of respect in text. is going to make a difference if a guy's going. to shoot you great. point right while i think how do i text my way out of this. gunshot to the head. so what i think while i think it. it does make sense. to not be like [ __ ] you by you're a loser. with a small dick that. might make him inclined to. shoot you more i mean. i can't believe i'm even. saying this but like just do it. and be forward about it. and be appreciative of your time. with him thankful but you know. gratefully or respectfully say you're not. really feeling it mh you. know but don't here's what i would also say. though don't include the part. about how you feel guilty yeah. don't let on that he has like a hook to. pull you back in by to. be like but i got you all this. stuff idea don't do that good. idea just keep it vague and just but be direct and be like look i you know. we have a good time. but it's not really for me. i'm not really feeling it. it's it's nothing to. do with anything it's just like it's i don't feel it. in my heart so like i had a good time. thank you for everything. but like i i i think i'm going. to uh part ways leave. it at that again do not i'm sorry. but you have to. you have to. not let on to. the fact that you feel guilty about. this well that's important. he's going to shoot. you he's going to. shoot you if you do that. but you say but and then you end it. with please don't shoot me. dude look i know this is gonna be weird. please don't shoot me but i know. you have guns but it. would be awesome if you didn't shoot. me so no i i i don't you're you're worried. about the one thing and the other thing. you're worried too much. you're worried about things that are probably. not going to happen. and what are you going. to oh so the opposite. is stay with him. forever well that's why you have to. do it and you have to. do it now yeah do it. now and then don't do don't don't be uh what do. you call it uh antagonistic. just yeah hey dude not people break. up all the time. they they don't get shot. right but i look here's just because you have a gun. everyone in america has a gun right. but again i'm trying to. no i the benefit of the doubt. to the person who's saying look. we don't know that guy. maybe he's made maybe he's even. made comments the fact that like i yeah. i know i know i know so i know if that's the case. that's a little different but also if you're just if if if you have no. reason to think that except for he owns. a gun also here's here's something. else that i'm supposing she's in canada. so m so and the other person her friend. is in the south in america. she her friend might be from canada. and people not from america think all americans. are [ __ ] crazy with guns and have these guns. and we'll shoot people if that's the case. you can probably yeah feel be safe relaxing a little bit if if so far be safe relaxing you can be safe relaxing but if you're if you're if you're american. and think that you might know. better kind of weird or if you're from. the south that i thought she i mean. i don't want to. replay but i thought she said that she was from the south and if that's the case she probably has known. guys who owned guns before. and i doubt she's running. around thinking every guy that own. yeah yeah true unless well but but but somebody who feels so guilty about. going on a trip with someone and having experiences with. them that to where they've given. you panic attacks but also here's is is. a sign that you're not on the level. right but i think that also that could literally be creating. this weird complex where. it's like i deserve punishment. and if that guy agrees and he's got a gun. like then then you're just you're creating. your own beans yeah you don't need to. do that you're deep in the beans. i have no idea what that. means but you don't need no you're deep. deep in the beans what i heard you. what is deep in the beans. there's seven layer. dip and the beans are the last part. so you're [ __ ] well in oh dude i love seven. layer dip a lot of people sit at the sour. cream guacamole i never said at the guacamole. i'm deep deep deep down in the beans. i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm pretty much touching the pyrex. yeah the pyrex uhuh okay. so anyway okay that's very interesting. do next one uh but yeah in probably not going. to shoot you but you have to. act like a you don't think you're going. to get shot of course and b. that you're not guilty at all. that it's just one of those. things that you don't want to. date anymore bing bong. thank you okay okay. all right what's up matt. and chris uh i just want to. make a comment about the gentleman who uh talked about rotten. tomatoes and how he judges his movies off of that. i kind of do the same. thing honestly matt was so against it. dude he's like [ __ ] rotten tomatoes watch. what ever [ __ ] movie you want to. watch dude excuse my french um i agree with that. dude i think rotten tomatoes has their [ __ ] together they have a political. agenda sometimes noo but most of the time. no their [ __ ] is on point. after earth 12% sucked it. was bad central intelligence with. the rock 71% not a bad movie. deserved a 71% uh captain america. winter soldier no uh uh 96%. [ __ ] yeah dude definitely deserve that you're deleted love. you both you know what guys. this guy's talking like a guy who would own. that lamp that he has in the background. i hate those kinds of lamps. i didn't see the lamp the [ __ ] lamp that goes up. like it's blooming dude. if you have a lamp that goes up. you you know that and it's not. 94 just get get rid of yourself. dude here's the deal. get rid of yourself and the lamp no. hey dude you know what i want. to stop hearing is how good captain america. winter [ __ ] soldier is just with the marvel. no no no but i'm sorry. fine but that movie is not that. good okay people i remember people. compared it to. like like film like nerds. compared it to. like classic 7s spy thrillers. and i was catch later. and then i watched it. and i was like dude. just like he's just like using his shield. to catch you later. bump people like 300 yards it's like had had had a robot arm. you know yeah what you you. all talking about you children. me on a train like this. dude these people are children. guys later [ __ ] that guy was 8 years. old i think that rotten. tomatoes is bad at at percentages it's bad. well critics are. it's it's stupid to. listen to critics. number one so take that and put it like that's not specific. smoke put that put sm and then there's there's there's people who vote the people. who vote uhhuh that's bad. too okay yeah because dude. everyone's not a critic number one. so you're only voting on the movies. that you love right. or hate right right. you're not watching [ __ ] mickey blue eyes. and going and being like yeah that was a six i want. you're going and you think you know. what that i [ __ ] hate that. movie this i'm g to. go on rawten tomatoes and [ __ ] talk about how that's a one or man you know what you know what all four. asians i'm going to. go to sh shingu and the 10. rings and [ __ ] make it 10. not what it's called but but that movie. sucked dick i didn't. see it yeah well i mean i haven't seen a new marvel movie. in forever uh but uh yeah i just like it. ron tomatoes is the worst dude. i just don't get the kind of person. that's like should i watch this. movie let me check rotten tomatoes dude. what do you give a [ __ ] other think i watch what are you doing. the best way to. understand if you're going to. want to see a movie. is to watch the trailer. period period 100% period 100% period. and and i you know. i saw this movie the other way. the other day somewhere quiet. and the trailer looked like it. was going to be interesting. and i saw it and it was interesting. i [ __ ] did it yeah and r said it was 91%. it didn't deserve to. be 91% but it was interesting. cuz that's the trailer i saw it. also the only way movies are going. to get better which is obviously. you hear everyone saying movies. used to be better. they obviously used to. be better that's true. soon in 100 years there's going to. be a movie it's going. to be like won't even be movies. in 100 years you. know what i mean it's like something. else but the only way that can happen. is if people start seeing things that actually reflect what they're interested. in not going on some aggregator and be like oh everyone says this. is good i'll check that. out like just watch some trailers and be like oh that one and then after that don't care what anyone says about that movie and carry the torch for it. who gives a [ __ ] what everyone else. i saw movie i loved it. and then go dude. exactly dude i watch beekeeper. yeah you mentioned that i don't. know what that is jason st. no i don't i that's all i know. okay is it big. or some [ __ ] well yeah it's really big uh jason state of the movie is big well all jason state the movies are big what are you talking about they're in a certain like niche they are no they're huge i don't understand what you're asking yeah like what's the last big beekeeper okay no obviously oh he's in those hs and shaw okay yeah of course but i mean like just jason stm he's in like parker and i saw that and it was like that exactly it's a jason stm movie paca so anyway beekeeper is really bad. yeah i know you said that. why yeah it's just they're trying. to make john wick oh okay. you know well they made mistake. he's a beekeeper and also he's in this. part of this underground society. that help that helps save the world. when laws fail. and they call themselves. the beekeepers and it and they like protect the hive. it's like there's so many like analogies of beekeepers okay. bro but he's also a beekeeper. wait wait wait wait wait wait wait yeah you no you get it. wow like why that's so stupid. he's also a beekeeper. they didn't trust the metaphor. you know no like he also is good. at keeping bees and smoking. them out and [ __ ] and he's always like got to. smoke the bad guys out. like just don't actually deal with. the bees that sucks dude. you want to. hear did you see it. anthony he that that's that's crazy. dude you mentioned it would be like if denzel washington was. also something that could adjust the bas. and treble in the equalizer. yeah that's hilarious um dude. john wick he's also a candle. john wick you know there's four. john wick movies now right. yeah do you know. how long the fourth john wick movie. is no it's three hours. wow the nerve bro dude. what is happening wow the nerve. the aity dude let me tell you something. right now let me tell you something. right now if you do a trilogy. great yeah okay okay hour. and a half 2 hours. each movie great yeah you make a fourth one. that [ __ ] should be 30 minutes. wrap it up you you got it. people love that wrap it. up that they should call. it they should literally call it. uh john wick duma like that. should just be what it is. it's done you're done already three. hours three hours dude. a thre hour tour. yeah that's john wick 4. dude john wick 4. is 3 hours dude. like it's killers of the flowers moons or some [ __ ] like his godfather too dude. jeremy irons is in the beekeeper. you know is he yeah wow. josh hutcherson is in it the he is worst. part about the beekeeper. are the are is whoever did the costumes dude. at that cast okay the costumes that. they do they put jason st. in a hat the first oh it's a david a movie yeah. yeah yeah did he write. it too i don't he directed. it it's a it's huge huge though. it's killing cuz everybody. chinese is watching it you know oh interesting. look at stth dude look at the hat he's wearing the hat yeah so funny fights everyone hat. never falls off look at him. how much is he 52 he's so cool. how much is he 5'2. though yeah i love don't. get me wrong but he's 5'2. and there's no doubt. all well he's not 5'2 but he's 5'1. he's not but he's literally 48. he's five he's 36. hey guys all right what are we doing. all right um all right. anyway let's do another one. okay getting in the lifeline uh luxury. territory here yeah yeah true. mysterious longtime listener here not. as long as my brother. shout out ryan what's up. ryan uh i'm sorry to. do this to you because i know you guys. hate submissions over and over about the same. thing but i got to. call you guys out i think you two. are part of the small wiener gang. uh reason i'm saying that is because this whole. peeing through the zipper thing. i got to be honest. i do the same thing. i just pull the zipper down but you guys are making it. seem like you guys got to. go digging in there for 12. hours just to. find what you're looking for so. i just got to. be honest i'm calling you out. right now i i think you two are part. of this small wiener crew. and you just don't want to. it rubs up against the zipper cuz it's so larimo what why. would i want my larimo crank. italian speaking of jason stam my larimo crank. to be rubbing up against the zipper. it's two larimo the largest. of the lisimo i don't. know rubbing up against the of the zipper. it's not good it's cold. it feels bad and i don't want to. rip the worst open. mic the worst [ __ ] draft one. of uh who's uh i mean jesus. christ the small wiener gang. cuz they don't who's the [ __ ] hey hey who's that. uh the [ __ ] comedian andrew ice clay first. dra andw oh wow how could you not think of his name g. boba i need it you need g. [ __ ] know the guy um yeah no uh i don't know what he's saying and i don't know what you're saying what what is he saying i i what i he saying he thinks we have small penises because of because of what i think what he's saying is we're in the small wiener gang because we're like digging around to. find our what he said was. we're digging around to. find our dicks when we go. to pe i think what he was. saying was we were o. we were overcoming we're acting like we gotta we got to. go in and get it. because it's so big oh that's what i thought. he was saying but but i don't understand. okay well here's the deal. see how [ __ ] confused we are we don't even know what you meant. true good point very good point. uh but yeah anyway no if you have a small wiener it. makes more sense to. just pull it out of the zipper. because like it's not going to. touch anything and it's not going. to matter yeah that's what i would think yeah. but you know what i don't. know yeah me neither man. it's all mystery to. us my [ __ ] goes you know well past my balls my and my balls are big the the tip. of my penis literally drags on the ground. i don't have underwear. on you know what dude. and i need to. walk in a certain way. so that it doesn't get dirty. you've seen the tip of my penis. right like you've seen it. yeah let me go get it. for you so dumb dude. wow uh yeah anyway cool man. nice try but how about a big. fat on that one. i'm going to hang a little around. your neck okay hang hang a little you're going. to drop a little around. your little [ __ ] cute little neck. you got there okay so disrespectful. yeah no i i you know. i don't even get why. someone would pee that way. my [ __ ] is crazy. why would you pee i mean. we've already talked about this. i'm not going to. get into it. again but it's absolutely mental. m is that you would undo your fly. keep your little button buttoned undo your fly. and just like pull it out of the what. are you doing i don't trim. my pubes it's unfair. unfair to who because. when i trim my pubes. it's like showing off right. so stupid i try to. get him as long as possible. so so people don't think that i'm showing. off that word pubes dude. just has always bothered me. all right well i i i get that. but what i'm saying is i feel like i'm showing off. to kristen someone someone sweetie when i was in fifth. grade used to always say pe he would go. around to all the kids. and say do you have do you have pubes yet. do you have pubes yet. do you have pubes yet. and ever since then it always no but that. person's in this room. okay well we know who it. is then you want guess. who it is i i already know. because we didn't know one. of them right we didn't know. one of them the people. in this room you weren't. in fifth grade with me. that only leaves one who i was in fifth. grade with so i'm not going. to name any names. i i want to. but somebody in this room. was the one that said asked. every boy if he had pubes yet. hey hey no i did not yes. he did there we go. how do you know. it's you how do you even. know it's you wow i didn't even only one that was around. in fifth grade hey. hey you got pubes that was him. that's exactly what he i did. not there's no way. i did that to. who every boy dude. all of our friends. this is slander it is slander but it's true. does slander imply that it's a lie. yeah okay then it's not. slander it is slander but it's true. um yeah dude well anyway i have pubes and i don't cut them. i don't cut them cuz i i can't. okay man stop saying that. part all right another one. so anyway another one hey guys so there's this there's this person crying. that i really think is really cool. is he crying i want to. be good friends with him. so earnest going to. kill him don't know how to. approach this subject this guy's so this. guy's great he's like really cool. he's absolutely creaming with style. wears a good beanies. dangly cross earrings and he's got good. hair and nice beard. and he's got a podcast. creaming with style creaming this. guy's a how do you how how do you become friends. with a guy like that mt you. really thought he was crying. dude well i don't think he was trying. to cry i think that's just his eyes. well that's him acting that's why. creaming with style dude. i'm creaming dude. that's the i mean episode. title for sure cre. style scaming with style uh well you're my friend. dude the way yeah oh here comes. my style that's not what he meant. i'm just saying dude you do that. uh but yeah dude i don't know uh what to. tell you man you're already my friend. i'm about to. style on you you already pulled. it off uh you're a great. actor you're a funny guy and you're my friend. well so he was talking specifically about you oh so mad i'm just saying no. let no i i get i get it. i get what he was doing. however maybe he actually had a question. which was how do you become friends. with somebody that you actually. want to become because maybe he's actually talking about someone in his real life. that would be amazing. but the answer would be i have no. idea because that person is their own. person and i've never met. them i know people who are like that. are not all the same. i know what the answer. is okay what's the answer. be around that person but not too. close and just be like super kind of chill. be chill dude. eagerness here's what i don't like when people are so trying. not to be eager that. they end up being like standoffish. yeah don't just don't here's all you have. to do don't be eager. and don't be standoffish i so want. to meet somebody that i've never met. them right i'm so eager to. meet them but what i will. do is pretend like i'm not i won't. even be in the same. room as them the the older. i get the more i really really don't like the play. it cool like approach in life. yeah go do the thing. don't be like a desperate. [ __ ] that nobody wants to. be around sure i'll be friends. but right be go get the thing. but be chill about it. i was i was uh working. out yesterday and uh the i never do bench. press you know i didn't know that you wouldn't right but you said you know so i'm answering you no but you wouldn't because look at my chest yeah so uh so i i i'm gna bench press. because i never do it. there's two dudes on the bench. press and i say are you using that cuz i wasn't sure and he yeah but jump in with us so i go all right three dudes using a bench press. yeah how's that happen what how do three guys. use a bench. press well you take turns oh [ __ ] you know i one guy stands on the bar and so and so um and then uh i did that and i was like this is cool you know what i'm saying like this is actually cool these guys are cool i'm doing it maybe i would like to. be these guys friends yeah okay. yeah but i go like this. you know what maybe not though. right even though i think i do yeah. i don't know these guys. what if i don't yeah of course so i'm playing it. cool and guess what they revealed themselves. to be those guys probably. want to be my friends. oh whoa that was a a twist. i didn't expect because of the way you were how chill. i was man okay you're teaching him. a lesson got yeah. yeah yeah i'm letting him know. and i also uh was pretty impressed. with how much i bench. press even though i don't normally bench press. see this is where i thought. the story was going and now and i can do two. plates on each side and i don't even really do it. that much but i can do that. now the pness has matched the expectation. okay of what the piss 225. is the is the weight. that people will be like celebrate that. men will celebrate if they can get to. 25 bench press. i can do that next one. just hey chris and matt. so um what i want to. ask you guys is kind of annoying. it's a grammar question. um so i grew up. in southern california i grew up. in an area that. was like predominantly hispanic and when i was younger. i noticed that a lot. of people use the word seen. instead of saw so let's say i seen. that movie oh okay and grammatically the word. is saw and i've never corrected. anybody because that's really annoying. nobody likes like a grammar nazi. but i just wondered if that's something that you've noticed in like southern. california is that something that you ever. heard like in new jersey. it's kind of a does it. bother you because for some reason. it bothers the hell out. of me that like so many people vastly. use the word scene and i always thought it. was like an english. second language type of thing. and then i had a white boyfriend. who grew up in tennessee. and he did it and i just wonder like he's he's like a what. are your thoughts on that. why do people do this. is there something in our brain. that makes us think of the word. seen instead of saw no i know anyways. thank you love you. guys answer a yes it bothers me. as well not answer b. it the i think in their minds. they're abbreviating i've seen they're not. replacing saw they're thinking it's an abbreviated way. of saying i've seen it you. think about stuff kind of in a different. way you know gna bre. my neck no i i i think it's good. i i'm not i'm not dissing you. i think it's good i have. a very interesting brain. and and the way it works. very very interesting and that's no knock on my brain. but i'm just saying no no no no no no knock on anybody's brain. just got a real interesting. one okay uh no but yeah that that kind of thing. bothers me i don't think that what that makes me think of is the scene. in half baked where the guy. stands up when bob. saget says i've smoke. i've i've suck dick. for crack who's who even. is the actor is it uh that. stands up and say i seen. it paul jam uh so that's i have. a happy rosy memory of the scene. thing but there are things like that. that people say and that are grammatic. errors that drive me [ __ ] nuts yeah that's not one of them that's not one of them for me. though but i totally get what you're saying. but i do think with that. one people saying i've seen anyone who is to. their race uses the word. seen instead of saw like two white awesome. seen it two mexican. a seen it what is two. though too much oh like over the over overly. yeah oh if you're more chill. about your race and not hardcore. your race you don't probably. say seen say i saw it's definitely an american. south thing for sure i didn't i don't think i even knew that. it was like a latino. thing and in southern california. it is but in tennessee. it's a rural white thing i seen. it right well that i'm saying. that i knew there we go. got it okay great. we figured it out. next one got out of that. one what's up guys my name is britney. and i've submitted a ton of videos. um and you've given me a lot. of really good advice. but i just wanted to. update you on a piece. of advice that you gave me about. befriending my neighbor yeah wow i don't remember that at all um so we went out for a drink and a bite to. eat but she got really really really drunk. and trauma dumped a lot. of personal things like very very personal. and then her husband came they were screaming. at each other and then in private. she pulls me to. the side and it's like crying. and she's like he hits me. oh and he cheats on. me and i'm like you barely know. you like oh no that's a bad. deal um now every time i she just knocked on the door. what come on i mean. a horror movie that's the first part. of a horror movie that's the yeah. dude neighbored it's called [laughter]. neighbored i've seen it um i i don't i i i there. was nothing she even asked. about just say you were so drunk. you don't remember anything oh that's such a good. idea wow i think different. too bb that's a good. idea hey i think different. too bb bub uh. no i don't um yeah that's that's a tough situation. that's a tough situation she's obviously. got a lot of stuff. going on and uh needs uh somebody in her. life that isn't just uh brand new so but also he hits. me has me a little bit. like you might be inclined to. do something with that information not. not like go directly to. the police but you might again. it's like so it's so dependent on how the situation. actually played out but like maybe bring that. up with her again yeah yeah yeah i would bring it. up for sure your husband is abusive. like i'm not trying to. get in your bus but i am. trying to be a friend. and like is that something. you feel like talking about right. right right you did say it. when you were blackout. trunk so like you kind of have. it's kind of unfortunately that trauma dum. is now like the onus. is on you to. kind of bring it up. with her in non drunken in a non. drunken moment and if she's like no. no no give her give her room. to explain or whatever. who knows what she's going. to say say but like that's crazy. intense you don't want to. pretend that part didn't happen. uh yeah so that sucks. but i wonder what if it. was the husband knocking just like well. how did she know. it was the neighbor knocking on her door. is what i want i don't know. i'm scared what if she's dead. let us know if you died. yeah call back uh yeah. i don't trauma dumping is crazy. man i i don't do that. i don't think i've ever done. that i never done that. i've never done that i mean. i've never done that what trauma. dump is when it's unwarranted right. i i don't know i guess. that's i think of it. like i've talked about my stuff. with people so that's no trauma. dumping is like unloading. it when it's not like at like at like a [ __ ] bj's. or you know yeah if you're like in an aa i'm just trying. to eat my pizuki. i don't think that counts. as trauma uping if you ever. had a pizuki what man. the dessert and pjs i don't know what you're even saying. bjs is a restaurant and they have the bazooki. bazuki pazuki pazuki pull it up the wrong. thing 30 times no there it. is ice cre the big big cookie. in a pan and an ice. cream oh that looks so good it's [ __ ] and i don't do this. a lot but it's [ __ ] sick. look at that dude it's in a pan. look at that and it's [ __ ] sick it's called. it's a pizuki not. a pizuki it is no a pizuki. no cuz it's cookie. it's not pizuki oh pizuki. pizuki oh pizza cookie yeah. yeah yeah oh now i don't like pitsi. it's more puki puki p it's psi. it's pizuki a baseball player. in the 90s p. zukie steps up to. the plate wow that's so true. a 319 average having a very good. year that is having a good year. and he is how dumb is. it with his third season. on the reds that this. made me hungry pete zukie. swinging a miss pete zukie. and a native to. the farm team in michigan wow. swinging a miss strike too. he sucks dude pete zuki. slugging percentage 400 not bad. for a small not good not. good for a 319 hitter. not bad for now gets a lot. of singles okay uh not bad. for a man who hails from michigan. ball one oh man. i thought i was going. to make an out okay. no the bat's still going. and [ __ ] you know all right should we do another one. it takes a very talented. baseball it takes a very talented. ball player to. keep chipping away at these foul balls. wow it's been nine foul balls. here for pete zukie. the foul ball king they call him. cuz he always gets pieces. right there there's another one. high in away and took a little chop at that. and uhou 10 foul balls. in a row for pete. zukie okay pete zukie. is made of dough chocolate. and vanilla ice cream his bed. is a pan and he is the foul ball. king and that is 11. foul balls in a row. pete zukie is so tasty when he gets a [ __ ] women get fatter because of the sugar wow and another foul ball you can order pete zookie at any bjs at bjs in burbank or any other bjs foul ball 13 in a row hailing from michigan so just let me know whenever you're done yeah i don't want to. step on it uh you can have pete. zukie with chocolate sauce on. him dud chocolate sauce i hate that. dude it's chocolate syrup. don't [ __ ] around chocolate syrup. on pete zukie some people think chocolate. syrup pairs well with pete. zukie yelling absolutely yelling. chipped chipped down the line. and it's just foul 14. foul balls in a row. the foul ball king pete zukie. hailing from michigan on his. third season with the reds and that's 15. now so anyway i once saw alex cor. foul off 17 pitches then hadit a home run and he had like two. home runs all season takes a really. talented ball player it was. crazy dude it was crazy. takes a really talented. ball player to. keep chipping away yeah and long and flyball and it's [laughter]. foul dude pete zukie. became the manager of. the reds in 2002. uh after uh retiring. from well from retiring. from a hamstring what what the first hamstring. concussion wow but chocolate sauce. all over and it's a lot. better now rubbed a bunch of chocolate. sauce on his achilles tendon. and he's all good he's still getting. foul balls even though. he's the manager it's the wildest. thing wow you know he's dude. oh dude do you remember when we saw then pete. zuki we were watching a mets game. tim mccarver was announcing and it kept hawking. lugie yep i do why. did that happen okay. i don't i think about this. plenty and i i've yet. to even come up with should we talk about another one. this on a lifeline. luxury okay and then let's do another one. yeah we'll do one more and then and we'll do lifel luxury. sign up for life luxury. you're going to want. to see this one. patreon dot com hey m hey chris long time. fan of the show uh chris see in vancouver. get your tickets at chris. dot com it's already done. at this if it's not already sold. out so canadian i want you guys input. on this you know. when you're driving with a passenger. could be a friend a parent. whoever and they start messing with the dials. and the heat and the music. don't do that don't do that. yeah it's my area. as the pilot of this. vehicle i get to. decide the clim and if you don't like it. or walk i'm giving you common. courtesy of giving you a ride. somewhere deal with how i like it in my vehicle. and you know what i'll take. it a step further if you touch. it it's yours you have to. buy the car for me. oops yeah it's yours. now it's out my hand. you touched it you messed with it. it's yours oh [ __ ] dude what do. you guys think 30. grand yeah i think that the last. part is a bit much. but i i completely agree. that you don't just touch another. man's car because you're like a little war or or something. i mean it's not that. big of a deal you. say hey can i turn this. down you do you do you do. hey can you turn the music. down can i turn the music. like you ask you just start. commandeering the the i i actually am realizing. i've done that now maybe i shouldn't do that. you never touch a black man's. radio i mean you know black man's. radio is that is that from from rush hour. yeah it's just from rush. hour oh you knew that chris. yeah oh wanted to. stump me so bad still upset. that i stumped him on a. movie thing a long time. ago you know yeah yeah. so you that chris okay well yeah in our 20s. and um so yeah but no uh the yeah i i i i guess. actually you shouldn't do that. so so okay hold on definitely shouldn't. do that okay i realize i've only done. it i've only done it. when someone has been hired to. drive me oh well that's that's completely different. okay okay yeah no no. no that then it's your car. basically you control the environment. you're paying for the ride. you're literally you are paying to. do that but i would do it. in your car and i'd kick your [ __ ] ass but you think it's different if like you matt turn to. [ __ ] [ __ ] you wouldn't just do it though you'd say matt this is it's too hot. in here and then you would do it. no i would do it. just do it you wouldn't just you wouldn't. just do it i'm chris. you don't know me. i i would do it i would do it. i don't think you would do it. in my car no cuz i have respect for people. it's not respect it's not respect. man you can do it. to my car i know but i don't want. to between brothers it's not really respect. so you're saying it's different for family. yeah i would say it's different. for close brothers yeah okay okay it's different. from family but everyone else if they're not family. they can't touch your [ __ ] they ow you 30 grand if they touch your exactly. all right cool well this has been episode. 96 and boy was it a good one. and go on over to. patreon dot com luxury. because i do want to. continue this conversation about tim. carver and why he was hking lugies in the baseball. thing we're absolutely going. to talk about tim. was you go get my tickets. at chris dot com. i'll be in kitner. i'll be in uh rochester. i'll be in houston corpus christi and a bunch of different. places shreport is coming up christi dot com. subscribe to my new show. the private record at the private record. channel make sure you like and comment if you do indeed. like the show uh i love seeing all the good. comments it makes me very very happy. so thank you very much. uh episode four coming out on valentine's day. it's a whopper for the lovers uh oneonone with matalia go to. mata dot com got a question. for us you know. what to do the link. in description below watch lifeline. dot com and of course get the merch. at lifeline merch dot com. bing binging hello hello. [music] helloo hello hello hello 