 hey congrats congratulations everybody for what sucking on the crank. sucking on the crank. of mattel sucking on the crank. of mattel that's so dumb. dude drunk hello hello [music]. no valley of plenty. and valley of plenty. anthony watches the witcher. for sure what it's bad. the show's bad what's the thing. you were singing it's the show. it's the song in the witcher. that's probably just a show thing. it's not in the it's not the show. a coin to. your witcher oh valley. of plenty o valley of plenty. dude okay the witcher. is the nerdiest thing i've ever. seen i couldn't even believe it's just crazy. how nerdy [ __ ] is yeah i i can't believe it yeah like who what is this. what is going on but the fight. scenes are awesome but that's it. there's nothing ah shut up. but you gotta give props. where props or do oh. dude and the show's terrible. also a nerd i'm not a nerd. i don't like the show here's the thing. about fight sequences they're all. good all the time. now so none of them. are really true that. is dude if you have enough. money they're all good because that's all. they do is hire like experts who are amazing. at fighting that's not really the technology. allows sure but like whatever you know i'm just saying i never under i never even understood to. themselves like who cares i know no i i don't care either i get it. but i'm saying the the reason. what i'm doing it is. saying that is because when i say the witcher. is the witcher is bad. everyone says yeah but the fight. scenes are great so i'm i'm preempting. that so you're just uh you're like oh no. everyone says this so i'll say that. no no what i'm saying is. i don't want that to. be the thing that you say. afterwards in the comments are gonna be yeah but the fight scenes. are awesome so i'm saying the fight scenes. are good the show sucks. this way and the comments. they don't say oh but the fight. scenes are awesome then now you got nothing to. say yeah okay well okay i accept. it thank you bow down or cow. tao to pieces of poop. or nerds the worst sentence. i've ever heard don't bow down or kowtow to. pieces of poop or nerds. or nerds all right. speaking of pieces of poop yeah 20 they did a poll i don't know how and i said this to. me i didn't look at it. didn't send it to. you i posted it on instagram. and booyah triple time. um triple time oh yeah. triple time really but we got 3x wow. um so 28 3x of dog. honors do not pick up after. admittedly do not pick up after. their dog when they take a dumpy dump in public. that's pretty crazy 28 and that's who admits. like come on yeah. at least double that for people that don't i don't think that that's a big. deal for sure definitely more than that. yeah but like to. admit to it means you don't. even think it's bad like get i don't think it's bad. what are you talking about. i i i don't do that. i don't leave my dog. poop around yeah but if somebody does if it's not in a place like on a sidewalk or something it doesn't bother me sure if you're like d on a deep hike yeah and it's off the trail no no or or if it's like next to. like like you know how like on the sidewalk. sometimes there's like a square of dirt. with a tree in it. if it's over there i don't care. oh dude see i don't it's just the aesthetic. it's like it's disrespectful. to the to the other people it. is a little disrespectful. but here's the thing the cost. of not disrespecting people is so minimal you just have a poop yeah. and pick it up and throw it. away yeah you're just a you're just a lazy. piece of crap yeah you're you're exactly. what you let your dog. just do exactly it doesn't really bother. me that much what just came out. of your dog's rear end. that's you rear end butt. what just came out of your dog's rear. end butt is what you also. are congratulations there we go said matt. says matt dalia and not. crystallia um we got uh uh patreon. dot com lifelong luxury. go to check out all the lifeline. luxury episodes there's a bunch up there now we release at least. two a month uh so there you go. that's on our patreon our. lifeline patreon which is patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. and uh we all have to. look into it i'll just say that. we often do more than two. i think we've done. more than two a bunch of months. so far but um and uh for the first month. right we did for the first. one i think so we got like how many are there. up there now seven or eight. i don't know six. six there's six uh so anyway uh go check them. out now lifeline luxury and they're great and just go binge watch it. uh i'm gonna be in irvine. coming up brea and uh charlotte. north carolina knoxville tennessee little rock. arkansas nashville calgary i got a bunch of dates. coming up crystalia dot com i'll be in your city. and if i'm not in your city. i'll be close enough so come see me. chrisley dot com oh wow. um and if you have a question. click the link in the description. below or go to. watch lifeline dot com or leave a message at the hotline. and uh we love is 2139738095. and we love followup. videos too i gotta say follow. videos are great because uh we like to. catch up with you and see what's been going. on and how you've implemented our. devices you know what's interesting. speaking of it implementing advices just yesterday. i saved two people's life. uh how did i do that. on the oneonone advice sessions. that you can book i don't know. for yourself if you say people's lives at matelia. dot com and then of course last but not least. you got to get that. merch if you haven't gotten every single item. of the merch you don't love. us uh in fact you hate us. if you get all the merch. you love us and we're also and turn your best. friends yeah you get that merch. at lifelinemerch dot com there. you go and yeah hey every time the word. irvine is said yeah. not every time but a lot. the hardest i've ever seen chris laugh. is watching the pablo francisco. what was the name of that. special uh shoot what was that. called um i don't remember bits. and bits and pieces. yeah that and and we watch it. with mom and dad and mom and dad. were just like i remember the look. on their faces they were. like what is wrong with our. son like he was laughing. so hard they were like something's wrong. with this that was the hardest. ever left that is special. i think that pablo francisco. that special touched like a nerve. on 20 something people it. was and younger too it. was just so so that it. was really big that special yeah. huge it was like a uh direct line. to what we consciously. or even subconsciously thought was funny. it was really weird because it wasn't the jokes. it was just the way. it was it was great. it was awesome he was so i mean. he is so weird. as i don't even like standup. comedy as you know. but obviously i do like really good ones. really good specials in particular. and uh i remember so many different. things from that space yeah. well i watched it three times. on christmas so wow all good um god i thought that. was so funny dude. were you even doing stand. up at that time no oh wow. that's forever yeah um so yeah so that's what's going. on over here i was in vegas. and lost five g's and pissed. are you really pissed or you don't. care right i mean it's fine. why is there popcorn on. the table why is there. popcorn on the table poisoned. it oh i know it's coming. go ahead go ahead i want you guys yeah. to talk about the box. office oh okay okay well um barbie. will bomb barbie will bomb. it will bomb people are. like oh eat crow. why are people singing crow. because i said it. was gonna bomb oh well first of all it didn't bomb. it will it will not make its money. back it will not make its money. back this story is not over. yet i've changed my mind i think it. will i i overestimated the american. public frankly and i shouldn't have done that because i also know better. i never should have done that. it made more money than i thought. it would but i'm not surprised. i am telling you it. will be besides the fact. that they'll sell toys from it. and make their money with the toys it's metallic. [ __ ] it will massively be it will be something that they were like it was not lucrative just as a movie. by itself let me just say one thing. about this okay now the whole narrative of wow. i can't believe greta gerwig snuck in all. this feminist stuff into. this movie that is this big. corporate uh mattel thing just a big toy company trying. to make more money i can't. believe she snuck in this. subversive feminist uh narrative stuff that's what they wanted. there it's just it's corporate. allyship it's the same thing it. that like when you go on twitter. there's an ad for uber and like they're celebrating uh pride month. or whatever it is it's like these corporations. they don't care about anything. besides money yeah and if they if if a certain kind of way of making jokes or a certain kind of narrative or or or or uh soapbox. is gonna make them money. they're gonna do it so like she didn't. sneak everybody she didn't sneak. anything in that was the plan. from the very beginning. so like you're an idiot if you watch that. movie and you're like oh mattel got played by greta erwin. like no greta girl is an employee. for mattel yeah and congratulations everybody who loved it and flocked the theater they you you sucked on the cranks of a of a corporation. that doesn't give a [ __ ] about you all they give a [ __ ] about is making more. money so hey congrats congratulations everybody for what sucking on the crank. sucking on the crank. of mattel sucking on the crank. of mattel i'm dude oh you did. all weekend long was stuck. on the crane i mean. all weekend mattel i saw it. anthony got on his knees. in front of mattel and sucked. on its crank okay so so and anthony. thought it was better. than he thought it you know. what dude barbie ryan ryan reynolds or whatever. the [ __ ] his name is ryan ryan gossing. is great i'm sure the margot robbie is great. i'm sure the movie is fine. but don't kid yourselves. no there is no like big. feminism angle mattel wants money okay. and they would say we'd love to. wipe dog [ __ ] on our faces. okay well at the office. every day from the ceo. on down to. the people making our toys in china. okay okay yeah we all rub. dog [ __ ] in our face from the ceo. down to our employees. under sweatshop conditions making toys in china. such a long press. release if they thought it would make him money i'll check out. this email we got from the company. the newsletter china chyna um i'm telling you man. yeah i i'm sure the movie's. fine unto itself but come on people it's gonna bomb. stop sucking on the crank. of corporations all right. you know crank of corporations. uh yeah yeah i don't need it. about it mission. mission impossible had a huge drop off. that's a shame i love. the mission impossible i mean. whatever you know they're all. the same i avoid jeremy renders. for the record i haven't seen any of the movies. including oppenheimer no i've seen i'm saying the new movies that we're all talking about yeah see none of them it could all be the three best movies of all time. i haven't seen yeah have you seen. mission impossible anus rapture. no i'm looking forward to. that one though that's the next one. mission impossible anus rapture. dude the names. of admission possible are terrible. it's weird it is weird. it means nothing exactly they don't. they don't yeah they don't think dead. reckoning like what dude. so dumb they don't. mean anything yeah dead reckoning what does. that mean i actually don't know. maybe i mean i don't know if they did. if they know what that is it. could be mission impossible. straight up chicken burgers. i mean that could dude. that would that would be a mission. impossible straight up chicken burger that'll be a smash hit and nothing. about chicken burgers well. i mean let's hope not you know. you know wow that gun most [ __ ] ass gun ever that's james bond what is it oh it's a dork. it's a dork uh that's all james. bond no he's right it's uh chicken. the worst gun handler. of all time no way. dude it's so doped you know. you're really supposed to. from what i understand you're supposed. to hold a gun like this. ricochet back into your face. but like up high and close. like so you can see where your where the aim is going. yeah no am i wrong. not like i know nothing. but that's what i was told what no. you're supposed to. you're supposed to. hold it right oh we're supposed. to pull the trigger. you should do it with your mouth. you can't do it with your mouth. um yeah anyway what am i doing. i don't know anything. about all right cool. well like and subscribe and you know. what leave a comment for the algorithm. did you see barbie. did you see uh cochinheimer. what did you say you know. i want to. see i want to. see i want to. see mission impossible uh there you go yeah okay i think that's probably the last one. we're gonna talk about any of them. yeah it's over moratorium on all of it. bye just talking about the cranks of corporations. by just so we're clear though. you're oh yeah go ahead. go ahead just don't work. there what you're you're gonna sit here and say. after a movie has not bombed it's going. to bomb that's that's did. i say that on air. yeah it will it it is it. is they are playing like it. didn't like it's doing well. it is if it ended right. now it's a massive bomb. a massive bomb here's. all i know the budget. was what they made on opening. weekend the budget for the movie. was 145 million dollars it made 155 million dollars. massive but that's not including. the publicity and advertising budget. which was way bigger 100 million. at least way bigger than that. during the movie so now that being said the movie. has crazy momentum so i don't know. if i feel that way anymore. yeah yeah it's probably still gonna. people are gonna go see that. people are gonna go see oppenheimer. or mission impossible next weekend. it'll have a massive dropoff. nobody is going to. go see barbie the second weekend. yeah i mean again. i don't think i think you're wrong. i i want you to. be right i might i i might have to. just i don't even know. anymore i feel very turned upside down. by how how terrible. everyone is yeah i went at 11. a.m yesterday and the theater was full it. was he sent us a picture. there were zero people in the seats. i mean that's true. send us a picture that was or i got there. a little bit oh god. he was so excited hey june uh all right. also the amount of people like wearing pink and [ __ ] i hate it. like my my fiance was like hey do you want. to wear pink to. it and i was like absolutely not. oh my did you call. off the wedding pink did you call. it the wedding no no. i entered so seriously no. no i would never do. that not for that dude. it was pink you were you should have wore pink. if you wore pink and you showed up. and you saw him and you were going. to say dead reckoning and you saw and you saw anthony. he was all in pink. you'd be like anthony and he would he would be like oh oh my fiance. said i think it's gonna do well the second weekend. and then run away um all right. cool like shuffle away. like he's like he doesn't want. to look like he's running. but he runs so hard like this all right. all right okay okay okay all right. let's see hey matt. hey chris hey hello. uh first i just wanted to. shout out lifeline luxury. i think he's up nice. because every episode so far has just been hilarious. awesome thank you that's good. i love you guys is banter. oh yeah and who doesn't want more. delay brother content there we go. so i have a question. for you guys today i just recently. turned 30 and whatever i asked people or not they keep telling me. that my 30s are gonna be. the best years of my life. could be so i know everyone's different. but i was wondering for you. guys how were your 30s. uh were they as good. as everyone's telling you they. were great up until the last year. are they full of [ __ ] so thank you guys. for taking my questions i just want to. tell you guys that i appreciate you. every week um i just wanted to. shout out matt delia's 30 minute. sessions also they are great. and yeah i love you. guys awesome i'm such a good. guy i wasn't even gonna mention it. well because i'm good but don't yeah. and then but don't say you're like don't be like i should get credit. for it i don't i don't i'm just saying that's part. of what you get i don't. talk about it i mean. unless somebody else right first. uh in fact somebody called in once. on this show with a similar. thing to what he and i had discussed in private. and you didn't even mention it. mom's a word you're saying into. a pond bye okay um you can never find it. again um did she ask. first of all i'm still in my 30s. so watch it second of all go. ahead i am not in my 30s. anymore i'm 57. um 30s. were amazing uh but you know what it's all. what you make it dude. it has nothing to. do with what age it is. i agree with that [ __ ] i will say like the last year. in my 30s were crazy. wild bad but but it was also amazing. because i got i got that. was when calvin was born. so that was the best. year of my life really to. be honest if i'm honest. if i if i have to. be you know you're repeating. the fact that you're being honest. over and over again yep. in different ways yep. which makes you think it's dishonest. but it's not though because um yeah the 30s. were i mean here's the thing. breaking lives up into. decade chunks might make sense. but not like 20 to. 29 30 to. 39 the best decade. for me just in terms of the way. i like felt and the quality. of my life at the time. to me was probably ah like my late. 20s into my early. 30s you know like uh yeah zero to. ten yeah yeah zero to. nine um but yeah the 30s. are generally i think every if you were to. ask most people definitely most people would say the 30s. were the best years. and what would you say. yours were late mid late. 20s to. early mid 30s yeah yeah. yeah that was pretty good huh. yeah yeah my but that's generally a big. time my best years. i know i can tell are going. to be 110 to. 120. um um yeah all right. well yeah that's good next. one great happy birthday. the [ __ ] the whatever man it's me [ __ ] johnny. bravo aka matt's best friend because my hair i am. currently picking up some sundials for some of my friends birthdays from goodwill and i was wondering how y'all felt about goodwill i you know i shopped there because i'm a college student and i just like shopping there it's cheap and stuff but i feel like these guys they're making things cheaper like walla walla i'm not gonna wanna i mean i'm not gonna financially need to. shop at goodwill anymore. but i still like to. go there it's just fun i enjoy it how do y'all. feel about people shopping at thrift stores that. don't necessarily need to. financially be shopping at a thrift store. should you be saving. this stuff at the store for less. fortunate people oh i'm stealing from portland. that's a big argument going. on on the internet. is it right. now that people should be shopping unless they financially. need to so i'd like cheerios. input that's a pretty that's a really. bad narrative though i didn't i'm unaware of that. uh going around on the internet. but like a lot of narratives going. on in the internet that's a really bad. one but what i will say. is it's not like goodwills are like hurting. being able to. find things to give away. for little very small amounts of money. it's not like you clear out. the store and there's no replenishing. immediately right every time i go to. take close to. goodwill there oh dude. this is four and the fourth. time happened recently they've said no no. we have too much. we can't take it. oh okay so it's like dude. that is a that is a nonargument. yeah uh issue but that being said absolutely don't. stop doing that it's like an it's an aesthetic. choice as well as an economic choice. a financial choice you're not just going. there because it's cheap. a lot of people go. to thrift stores in general. because they like the vibe and the style. and the aesthetic of like old chest. like not why are you getting your friends. sundials that's the better question. what what what is this a thousand. bc yeah like you're getting. a friend of sundial. what do you deal. with that's weird who are your friends. [ __ ] aristotle i gotta go back in time and see my friends euripides dude life rip. cities um yeah i don't know. i i think getting sundials is kind of weird. make the song if you're gonna give your friends. sun dolls make them yeah. and make that hell yeah. dude make your um immediate medieval. times you know but it cut the hole. out of a frisbee. put it over your [ __ ] and then be like oh [ __ ] what time is it but you got to. spin around so let me just lay down. for that what time. is it yeah check out. what time it is oh [ __ ] check it out. around the clock look it's noon. morning i'm gonna get arrested. absolutely get put in the clinic. i'm horny so insecure. the most insecure horny. guy that there is oh [ __ ] there's a chick oh oh it's 6 p.m wow. well now it's 6 p.m okay. cool man it might be new again. soon thank you okay hey guys i first just want to. say thank you for being men. who talk about mental. health and emotional awareness thank you it's a beautiful. thing given a society where men don't do that. too much oh interesting. thank you with that being said i am. a marriage and family. therapist intern i work at a private. practice in a building filled with other businesses. that are not there care. related uh um my problem is that. while i'm in sessions. hearing my clients stories they're. in their heartfelt stories yeah um the business. next door will repeatedly be slamming their door oh that. can be heard in session. it also shakes my door. damn it's not being done. maliciously yeah um it's just a little older woman's incorporated. storage time i need it to. stop though um i am a newer girl. in the building so i don't want to. step on any toes but interesting it. does need to. come to an end so i'm curious. as to how you guys. go about this what are your thoughts. start by going to. the other businesses and not. like some kind of tattletail but just like inquire if they're having an issue. with it as well like so so it's one place. that's doing this yes okay. and inquire if any other businesses. are say like would maybe we can like [ __ ] though. no no we would go. to them we wouldn't like report them. no no i know but it's like but what i was going. to say is if they have no interest. in changing their sound of their door. uh that the door makes. when it closes you can it's not that expensive. to to offer to. buy them something that would lighten. that sound like what well. i don't know what which what the door. is but there's a number of ways. to make a door stop slamming is. it what you put the cushion thing. on the bot what is. it one door how the hell do i know. i mean like i heard exactly. what you heard what i'm just saying is it. did she said it was a public. storage please is that what you said. absolutely not she did not say. that i made it up. yep what'd she say. office building okay i don't know. i made that up okay. well it's interesting you aren't listening that's cool. i tried to uh i tried. to it doesn't count yeah. exactly um yeah i think that uh yeah. that's good that's really good. aided just because it was. there glutton um i guess i guess that's it. yeah but but because then you could but what i'm the reason. i say the first part. is because say there are three other businesses. that are like yeah that's kind of disruptive. say pool resources it costs. even less it'll be worth. it to you in the long. run say it's like 240 bucks. which it won't be right. and three of you so that's 80. bucks a piece you know. yeah right or maybe the three maybe you get three. people maybe one person's like well. i'm not paying that and the other person. be like i'll split it. with you there you go. but the other maybe the other person. be like well i would have done. it if we all three did. it 80 bucks but now it's 120. i'm not doing it so it. might be done because it affects her. the most she could say okay. fine i'll put up 160. yes oh okay. i'll put a 160. would you do however. whatever the rest is 80. 80. that's correct. um that sucks though. i i i used to. go there was this amazing. massage place near where i used. to live got stroked and it was next. to a like a restaurant. and depending upon the hour. that you would go oh no. yeah dude it was it was like i mean. the whole point of a massage. yes and quiet yeah you know and they had like a jangly door. and the kitchen was right. up against like it sucked. oh man yeah hey got it holder. i got an order. number 16. hey yeah got an order. yeah oh yeah we can order. you turn around yeah we got an order. yeah yeah yeah waiting for that. come on chicken's ready. chicken's ready chicken's ready here. we go hey we gotta pick up. number number 15. come on come on. uh ringing ring a tower. okay uh all right i got emails. oh okay it's okay hey chris hey matt. huge fans just wanted to. say be my brothers love. you guys and stuff oh houston we found this. podcast i've been putting it on nonstop um yeah where i needed some advices. my girlfriend is a heavy drinker subconscious. um i drink a lot as well but it's gone. to a point where she's been getting black out. almost every night and it's causing. problems in regards to. like when we want to. do things at night in bed. um i'm just curious how i can go. about this and what to. say to her i do drink. as well with her but just not as much. um so just let me know. how i can go about saying. it to her without causing. a fight or making it. a problem thank you that's very hard. dude i've been there and that is not easy. um it depends on the person. but if it's just like since i have no specifics. about her i would say try. to make it or base. it in your feelings not in your like any kind of scolding. her behavior or anything. right so for example say at the end. of the night i would love it. if we could also be able to. come home and continue hanging out. and be intimate with each other. uh instead of just like crashing you. know like and i feel like you know our relationship. would be better for that. or it would be so much fun and we don't really get to. do that when we come home. totally wasted also say. we make it about both. of you that's good even. if you believe which it's i have no reason. not to believe you that. her she has an actual problem. to a degree whatever. you want to. call it and make it about both. of you don't say you it's just gonna get you into. trouble somebody's gonna feel accused they might get defensive. it's such a good way. to avoid things you know um yeah or yeah or you can make things. remember a little bit easier. if you when she gets drunk. take her phone make an only fans. account and start posting you don't have to. post nudes but like sneaky like uh we'll see. you know pictures and then oh oh i see him. or you'll be like next when you wake up. you're like yo you got so drunk. you made a [ __ ] whole army fans. and she'd be like no you you. use your nose look. at your phone right. about oh my god i did this. yeah you got to. stop drinking right i mean that is actually. a completely terrible thing. to do to someone well you don't post. nudes right see the thing. about that is that you might end. up she might end up believing. you and then she'd get really really way. too scared like you don't want. to yeah yeah but you want. someone to think that their problem. is way bigger than it. really is yeah okay. but that's not actually what's happening. or just you don't even have to. start only fans just be like you know what you did. last night go ahead. you you robbed the [ __ ] liquor. store right yeah and then we took the money. and then you just like tossed it. out the side of the car. here's the problem with do you know what you did. last night i've actually unfortunately dated. longterm multiple alcoholics okay. oh three of them oh. let me think three of them. yeah oh yeah and if they black out. and and you tell them. what they did honestly. they might say that. they believe that they did those things. but the chances are they probably still won't. believe you no matter what oh it. sucks um because if they don't have the memory of them. doing it and it's out. of character for them when they're sober. they're gonna be like he's exaggerating he's i understand. why they would because it's like that's not. a thing i do it's hard. to get through to. someone about how they behave when they blacked. out that's all i'm saying so try to. even avoid specific things you know um but yeah the only fans thing. would probably work but it might it'll also be evil. although a quebec fairing should be like did. i make any money and be like you know not yet. oh i've been meaning to. i never had the courage. to do it yeah. yeah i did make 80. bucks you have to. get oh [ __ ] you made 80. bucks it's backward i gotta get i gotta get uh i got drunk. like that more often yep. you know uhhuh oh i drunk. be getting drunk gives me. courage and now i got only fans i gotta do that. and i'm immediately you know. what i'm gonna start. to be a porn star right. i'm gonna start smoking polls. i'm gonna start being a porn star you. know yep smoke a post. is it is it just me. or is i mean this. for real is it just me. but like my sense is that the term. porn star is now thrown around. without consideration a long. time oh that's true a long. time yeah so it's like not everyone. does porn is a porn star. right no but that's like it's like it. is thrown around like that. though yeah it's like literally calling a guy. who did a few episodes. of csi and then also was on uh gilmore girls. and the tv he's a movie star. yeah yeah yeah okay cool glad we've glad we settled. that yeah okay next one. okay amen chris uh i am. just calling because i've got a buddy. of mine that has been dating. a girl for a little over. two years now she lives in miami. he lives in minnesota. we live in minnesota. he's been senior for a little over. two years now and honestly. she they're just they're toxic. together and he is so hot. and cold about the relationship. and um they've broken up once. the near breaking up multiple times. and he always comes to. me after they they get together. for their weekend slings or whatever. and he's complaining about her and you know. i give him advice and then like you know. a couple days later i'll i'll bring her up. again um and just bring up. the situation and be like oh yeah it's all. good now yeah um and so i guess. i just want some advice on like what. you guys would do um if you had a friend. that was constantly coming to. you for advice um oh god. on a situation like this. and and then just would bounce back. like a couple days later. that sucks and just say everything's all. good did you guys love. the show that's so annoying. when people do that hey i'd like some advice. and now that i just want you to. hear you talk because i'm never gonna. [ __ ] take it dude. no hey i gave you the advice. i got the same advice. for you break up with her. dude you're dating a chicken. miami you're in minnesota. anyway of course it's toxic it's [ __ ] completely different if you're in minnesota. you're digging two from miami. it's gonna be toxic it's such a different. lifestyle what would you say. to your friend though. you'd say that yeah okay. get out of here dude. you're not listening to. me you [ __ ] ask me for advice you ask me for advice you keep [ __ ] asking me for advice and then i'll give you this advice and then you and then you you just come back and you're like oh it's all good because that [ __ ] be banging say say basically that but without the very very last part and oh maybe if that's the case then yeah sure but it doesn't you're a [ __ ] dude that's how i do it relax you're being a [ __ ] man you're coming you're you're running between your tail between your legs and she's toxic you're toxic you need to. be with someone else. find someone in your own. city find someone here in minnesota. yeah okay but this is where we live. man you could also just say you asked. me for advice about this. stuff but you never take it. so like i want to. know why you're even asking me. in the first place yep. and on top of that. do you even realize that. you don't ever take my advice. like do you understand. why i don't want to. give it anymore. it's such a waste of my breath. waste of my energy i mean. i'm giving my actual i'm dedicating. my mind to helping my friend. and you never do what. you seek like you never take. the advice you're seeking so like this. is not good from yeah. and stop it's toxic dude. and i feel like you're the problem. in your relationship i definitely have that. have had that experience before with people. and it is truly one. of the more frustrating things. among friends yep i know. someone who does that with me. in my life right now yeah. yeah it's not you no i know. that it's not me because i never seek advice. from you but yeah she's always asking she's always asking what do i do. and we're like do this. and then she just doesn't yeah and it's it's actually honestly. the more i'm thinking about it. the weirder they just they just they just want. to uh express words you know. but also it's like they know there's a problem and it's like before. they have to. act on it they think they might act on it and then when it comes time. to act on it they don't and they don't realize that. every single time it happens. it's kind of about selfawareness so really. all you got to. do is make your friends. self aware of it so. that in the future he can be selfaware. like you never take my advice. but you ask for it. what are you doing you. know yeah ask him ask him if it's gonna happen. though the guy's just going. to not come to. you for advice anymore. that's what you want thing. i guess so yeah i don't know. if we can hear about it. i mean man the person. that does it in my life. will talk for hours with this. [ __ ] and it's just like geez. yeah yeah that's no good. yeah and it's just crazy. and they don't listen. and and and kristen and i are like i don't know. what to do with this. person do what do. what i'm suggesting it's not. me it's it's mostly you know. christian okay do the thing but yeah it's not up to. me i could just leave the room. and be like sucks talking. balls huh sucks donkey boss. okay well so you don't really have that. experience then do you i do it's not the same. thing i i can i have experienced. it and then i leave the room. okay anyway okay okay next one hey chris and matt. so this is uh i recognize. him this one's mainly for matt. um you were talking about how you made he made bing you. say bing bong lost his mind. and he said that. you sold it for mac 10. you're walking. and then donald trump stole it. from you actually what happened. is walking too slowly. you stole it from me. and my brother because we [ __ ] two years ago. i don't know how it started. just over the years being brothers. and just having inside jokes. and [ __ ] and and dumb nicknames at. one point we just were so annoying. we just went blah. blah and we're like we can't be saying that in public. but we do because it's just so easy. so we do that right. okay you actually probably were walking. in l.a and heard us call. each other bing bong lost his. money one day showed up and said it's the year. of the bing bong and we were both like what. the [ __ ] how does he uh no you know how does he do the bing bong. how does he know about it. worse everyone asks that when they hear. me do it worst submission. and we were actually the originators okay. all right i'll see you guys. dude please cut together. for some time him every time he goes bing. bong it will be so funny. all it's stringed along bing bong. bing bong here's the thing. no to what he said. yeah no and also we don't know. you also my brother has never heard you. say bing bong and also mac 10. was rapping when you were two. so there you go. and i was like nine and i heard mac 10. do it and i started stealing. it wait what did mac 10. do you decide uh west side. west side connecting ping ping ping was that. mack 10 who did it. yeah really do you think it. was dub c no. i think it might have been ice. cube no no definitely okay okay. yeah um so anyway i appreciate you. trying to take credit for a thing. that you deserve no credit. for uh good good effort great. minds think alike honestly good. effort yeah but epic failure. back 10 was rapping when you were one. years old so no epic failure. okay on that submission epic okay. okay so excited for the epic failure. hey guys um follow up. here so i called in about my friends. that weren't inviting me. to things oh yeah um i took your advice. i pretty much just said all. that to them. and they were like that's shitty. and we need more so um i kind of just scaled back. being their friends and it's going. to be like acquaintances or that's all. it's going to. be so appreciate you guys. also okay i've i've never had sex. with a guy even once okay. i have a followup. question this one's a little more hardcore. but cool i don't have a good. relationship with my mom i don't like her at all. even wow she was quite. abusive when i was a kid. oh no and i left. home when i was like 16. 17. yeah now my older. siblings were kind of out of the house. my dad wasn't around. a lot so they don't know slash didn't. see slash i've told them. some of the crazy [ __ ] that happened. damn and i want to. go back to visit my family. but she's always there and it's always a problem. because this whole family revolves around. this woman and yeah she is so antagonistic. like every time i'm there. it's oh hi how are you and then as soon as the rest. of the family's in the room. it's like hey you never call. you know you don't tell me. you love me like you. want can you come and give me a hug. like come over here give me. a hug my whole family's. just like what you don't. love your mother oh god. we're not italian so i don't know. i did that but what do. i do like do i haven't been back. to visit my family. in quite a while because i don't want to. put up with it like i do i pretend to. like her should i just get over. it i don't it's kind of hard. like help it's definitely best. to well i mean this. is a problem you can't talk. to people like that you know. you try to and then they just they get offended. and then they hang up and then they yell or they yell at. you or they cuss you out. and it's like all right. why did i even bother. but that's not your fight you know. it's theirs you gotta you. gotta you know you you you. god it's such a that's really hard. task i would say it. look if it all depends on how much you care. about and want to. see the rest of your family. yeah if if it's the kind of thing. where you really really want to. see them i would say tolerate it. as best you can. it's like you got to. take the bad with the good. yeah but if if you're seeing your family. is kind of just more like a thing. you feel like you have to. do and if it was just your mom. you would never do it. but you feel an obligation to. the rest of your family. then i think it actually might be worth you. know when someone says what's the matter. you don't love your mother. you just you can actually just say. no no i don't yeah she's treated me. terribly my whole life and i love. all of you but you're asking me. and i'm answering no no. i love my mom i just [ __ ] because she's my mom but she's always like bothering the [ __ ] out of me so i don't want to. [ __ ] hug her what happens. what happens if you say that. that's not even the thing. that bothered me the thing. that bothered me is uh you don't tell me. you love me that is. like that is all right. i don't feel like you're saying it. because of how much you abused me. when i was younger. yeah because i don't love you my my if you don't love. her but my sense is that he doesn't he just said. he doesn't well he said he he hate. he hates being around. her and [ __ ] and doesn't like her and like that you could very well be look the bottom line. is people feel like they have to. love their parents it's not. true as a parent you have to. love your children. as a child you don't have to. love your parent parents [ __ ] up. you know some parents much worse. than others and i know people very very well some of them. that just had it took forever. but they finally come to. terms with the fact that they didn't love. one or both of their parents. and that's heavy [ __ ] but it's your prerogative you're allowed. to love this person. that you don't have to. be so conflicted and be like well why. don't i love her. why not you know. the answer you were abused in whatever. way you're talking about when you were young. and it [ __ ] you up obviously made you resent her you don't have to. love her so maybe when she asks in a way. that is confrontational tell her. it's like that'll be a crazy. shitstorm but like yeah you telling you. to visit if you want to. see the other people in your family. though you could also just like set up. a [ __ ] town to. go to magic mountain. would then not have your and not have your mom. go or just invite him. to your place for no. reason you probably or any six flags could be great. adventure but like you you definitely. yeah don't that's okay. don't feel bad for not wanting. to be around your mom. i i feel like maybe you want. to go back and see everybody. but don't obviously don't stay. with your mom stay with someone. else and hang out with them. mostly and if you have to. see your mom i i just you know. and she asks you questions. be [ __ ] honest dude. yeah [ __ ] yeah you know you're not that old she's not that old so just you know you still got time. left if she wants to. do some selfreflection amazing but like yeah. that's so bad that's so annoying. and then if she did push back and be like well why don't you you. know just be like oh because you were abusive. my whole life because you did this. write down stuff and just hand it. to her that'd be great. like i already thought about it. and then it would [ __ ] shut her up you got a lot of anger. there buddy several pieces. of paper though like yeah she's asked the question. you give her one yeah she says i have like 85. text messages so every time she says why. are you and then she just hears a thing yeah in front of her. though just beat me yeah. you beat me that one. time on that one chris ding. you verbally abused me that. one time on this. thing thanksgiving yeah cool okay sounds great. what's up delia brothers yes and alex from new york. it's about um i'm calling because i have a bachelor's. of science in music. been probably four years since i got my degree. but it's tough to. get a job yeah um and this industry i guess uh any advice any um suggestions let me know. thank you i have a question. did he say music. or business i'm from dallas. and new york music. that's what he said a job. for music music so what i mean. dude that is such a s here's it's done. music's done ai you're done. it's done go get a [ __ ] beat work for ups. okay that is not exactly. right ups is done. too certainly not. yet ups is done before music. is done yep because people don't get ups. job i mean our the arts. are ostensibly about connection. people are not going to. be replaced when it comes. to the actual music. we listen to. not entirely no but i think that music. is going to get a really. tough hard hit right. but it's already had a hard. here's the thing they're gonna make a new guys. ai that's a [ __ ] artist. and everyone's gonna be like [ __ ] yeah dude and that's gonna be the number one selling artist. in the next 10 years. and it's not gonna be a real person. mark my words and they're gonna go to. concerts and they're gonna have [ __ ] graphics. of this person and asians. are gonna love it by the way. who gives a [ __ ] that's even if that's true. which it isn't that's one. act that's not it doesn't affect this. guy man what happens. when there's another one. and then what happens. when they do a duet with another person. and another one and then they bring tony. bennett back and then you know what i mean. then there's a tony bennett. concert and then people are just watching the dead. people that they wanted. to watch the whole time. i'm just saying i'll go see tupac. before i go see lil durk. that's all i'm saying okay. anyway point is music's bit i mean the movie business. is is in serious trouble. but the music industry has been in serious. trouble since napster yeah true. music is a hard business. to peg right now because it's been in flux for so long and its feet aren't even under it. now like tick tock. came along and did it. again it was a sledgehammer to. the entire industry sledge hammer. having a seizure seizure wow. i'm a sled having seizure. you know that [ __ ] and putting a mask on. i remember that [ __ ] that's a great. music video oh i loved it. um doesn't know how to. eat uh uh dude i don't even know how do you give it. i think so yeah what was the question. does he have any do we have any advice. for him to get a job. that guy that guy i don't do. music man you're [ __ ] they got the beatles. songs better than the beatles. they got the drake ai. [ __ ] with uh the weekend i'd rather [ __ ] i'd rather listen. to that than any other drake. song or the weekend song. i mean okay the second they started. make peter gabriel ai songs. i'm in dude i'm done. okay so the advice would be aip. or gabriel get another job. dude not not kiss music. goodbye but like work at creighton you want. to not have to. be anxious all the time. about trying to get a job. in music get a job that can just pay the bills. every month and i don't know if you want to. be a musician or just work. in the industry but like just like anything else in the arts. you just gotta like hustle in every possible. way that appears in front of you. you got to create opportunities. that are not there you're not only like really really really hustle. i suggest it's always been true. now it's more true than ever. i suggest do the only job. that will survive the revolution. of ai there's only one job that will survive. it magician and you gotta learn. tricks because i'll tell you what that's the only job. that's going to survive. here's the comedian will be the last one. to go and the magician. will never go because nobody gives a [ __ ] if a robot can trick. you because robots have all sorts. of tricks but a person i was at that. watching david copperfield and he goes like this. go like this and then he goes like this. go like this and he wound. up like this and i don't know how he did. it but everyone was like what the how do we how do we dude. if a robot did that. you'd just be like it. would just be like you know. what i mean and then we'd be like well that's just a robot. david copfield did it that's amazing. here's my money that's the only profession. that will survive the ai. takeover is here's the problem. though so become a magician. if everybody takes your advice the market's. gonna be oversaturated with musicians. and that sounds like actual not. musicians magicians what did i say you just have to. change like two letters in your job. no man i don't know. man that's that's that is that is a stumper because it's like the music. industry is so [ __ ] up right. now yep of course you can't. get a job yeah like went into. a extremely hard uh industry anyway like musicians like at any point yeah. getting a degree in music. is like getting a degree. in film or yeah it's a very. unlike [ __ ] hard yeah god plays the ah it plays the knot. doesn't play the odds. you know and it's like the thing. about the arts in general. music movies fine art literature. whatever you're like there isn't unlike business. or medical school or something. that has a very clear. path toward a sustainable. job for the rest of your life. doctor that doesn't happen in the arts. that's not a thing you know. it's like when somebody asks you how do i make it in movies. how do i make it in music. it's like nobody even knows dude. even successful people in those industries. don't know because if you did. what they did it. wouldn't work everybody has to. ask me how i made it the way. to make it is to. is to make it. how to tell the story about how you made it. there's no other way. ask me how i made in comedy. how'd you make it in comedy. crushing okay go ahead ask. me again imagine again. yeah everybody heard you yeah. but i have another way. to say it okay how did you make any comedy. shutting it down okay yep any other go ahead. yeah go ahead oh how'd you make any comedy. i shake the room oh okay. okay there we go uh that's how i made it cool. and i keep shaking the room. whatever room i go into. consider it shook okay. a tectonic plate an earthquake. interviewing an earthquake dude. i i yeah dude i shake. the room so there you go. okay great so chris. shakes the room and i don't know. about i don't know about the music. industry i don't say quit. if you love it do it. but damn that's it. that is hard hey put down a glue. the silverware to the [ __ ] [ __ ] hey hey nail down nail down the the the um the frame the pictures my mama of crystal lee is coming in hey dude get the crazy glue out he's about to. shake the room put that put it put your good. china down on the ground. already that's what i'm just saying okay. yeah they do that at comedy. clubs well they don't have good china. there but yeah exactly hey sit down everybody. everyone said i know. you want to. stand but sit down everyone's already. sitting down okay cool we got another one. what's up chris i'm matt. big fan uh i'm in america. and i'm dating a girl. from the uk and she's getting. ready to move here. she has kind of a strained relationship. with her dad i don't know. all the details but i know it's not been uh the best. of times between the two. of them and we both recently. just learned that her dad. took her ex and stepmom and brother all out. to dinner together so they have like a family dinner without her and um she's wondering and by proxy. me if that's grounds for coming cutting. them out of their life or you know what she should do so any advice. would be helpful there oh. chris do i have this right. he said her dad. took her ex and the rest of her family. her family out to. dinner yes or ex. and not him no no i don't understand. not him i don't know. him in the situation can you tell. me he's talking about his ex. yeah his current girlfriend. yeah yeah she's english and they have a strained relationship. yeah her with her dad. yeah she found out that. he her dad took her ex. and the rest of their family. out to dinner yeah without even alerting her to. the fact that that was gonna happen. i mean it all depends on how bad she he said it's bad. already no no but no i know. but i'm saying how bad the situation. is with her and her ex. but that's just weird that. more than anything else that is extremely strange. yeah yeah if you have a strained relationship. as it is with your dad. why would your dad. not go out of his way. to make it less strained yeah. and well and clear any potential. because it's strange because he's a deck. problem clearly it seems like it yeah so if you're asking about the grounds i wouldn't say that. alone is grounds but if it seems like it. is this you know. breaking the camel's back scenario. grounds for what i understand. but i cutting him out. of her life yeah she's saying she wants to. cut him out of her. life that's no that's his question. is that is this grounds for that. bob i would say by. itself no but it's clearly one of many incidents that. this father has either made his daughter uncomfortable. or outright offended her. or whatever and yeah if it's of a piece. of an entire lifetime. full of this [ __ ] then like yeah it's grounds because it's just another offense and at a certain point it's like what the thing is that breaks the bow or whatever it's like it doesn't matter what that is it's just sometimes it's a small thing but it's just there's a everyone has a threshold yeah and if this is the thing that crossed that threshold then yeah she has grounds to. do what what imagine dad. going to dinner with imagine mom. going to dinner with like one of your exes. can you imagine that and you that's the scenario. and me yeah and her other siblings. went oh yeah yeah so it's not just that. that alone would be weird. but what the [ __ ] were the other siblings. doing i asked them first. ask them first what the [ __ ] is going. on why did you go. what is the deal yeah right. like why did you not. tell me and how was the temperature. because i got to. talk to dad because this is so weird. right that's that's the first thing. yeah but assuming that maybe already happened. and you haven't gotten any answers. which now that is just odd. dude i can't even imagine a scenario. where one of my parents. would do that well i mean. yeah like if you're friends. with your ex and they still do it. and then and they hang out and they're part. of the family then okay. but if they're not and you have a strange. relationship with your dad. that's so [ __ ] that's so weird. dude right i say get yeah. god a lot of a lot. of family [ __ ] huh. a lot of parents i mean. everybody's got so much family. [ __ ] all the time not stop oh no i hope calvin. and billy are okay hope they love me. they they love you i know. right now now yeah right. now who knows who knows if they won't no they fall. out of love you would love. me okay yeah well that's good. um that's uh sad. that's a sad one. i'm sad i'm sad thanks. for making me sad callers. people their stories life is hard. you know i want to. make a bet about barbie. oh wow bringing it back. to barbie i love more sad. trying to make me. more the guy loves barbie. okay go ahead well so i mean i don't know. what the bet should be but chris is saying is going. to have such a steep dropoff if it. if it does if it performs. better than x then that. should be the bet. okay so i think it should be so what should the bet. be and then we can sign. off what define your claim that. it will fall off like what and what to. what degree so worldwide. it did what 155 i don't know. i know worldwide i think more now. i think it's just that's just america. i think yeah pretty sure we can look. it up look it. up um okay dude june's ears. just popping out yeah find the thing. worldwide it made 382 there. you go okay so much money. so what does it have. to make to we don't they never disclose what the advertising. [ __ ] is they rarely do that. i mean for good reason. so we can't make the bet. but it'll bomb so define. what it probably needs. to make 800 million dollars. it won't okay actually i don't know if that's already. to date or if that was just the weekend that's to. date what is that's today. 380 something million two days yeah. because it was because it was like 350. or something this right. here says it has topped 470 million globally. no so it's not today. it didn't it didn't this. was posted three hours ago. no it didn't do that. chris says it didn't do. that yeah you can't believe this. [ __ ] anyway chris says no i'm a conspiracy. theorist also well [ __ ] the bet. then yeah yep yep and anthony also uh was in a empty. theater we saw it. that's true dude i mean. i saw the theater you were in anthony. yeah as a matter of fact. when did you go what. what time was the movie 11. a.m all right 11 a.m he sent the picture. at 10 56 a.m dude. wow dude what a liar. wow what a liar. well that's pretty good four minutes. before the movie started was empty. good job chris the guy's trying. to say when early dude. he went early but he took the picture. late right wow he said it. was packed he lied. we have a liar. on our team you lied. i'll call my fiance right now. oh well she's already up. to the game dude. yeah you already told her. look you said the pig. i'm gonna call you around. yup this time if chris gets wind and and it's gonna when i call you at this time. it's gonna be about that. if it checks the time. stamp yeah then you know what sweetie. doll she literally has the script. printed out in front of her. that he gave to. her gave her the directions. about what was going. to happen and so well chris yeah. and matt yeah exactly it. was packed yeah right yeah. and there wasn't a seat. open yeah the the crowd. rushed in at 10 58. yeah you know. what's funny what oh a lot. of people really did come in like as the trailers [music]. this guy's a liar. oh dude we have a liar. in our employees unbelievable. if you've got a [ __ ] huge liar you. know what's funny you know it's just actually absolutely. hilarious what's that is that a lot. of people just did come during the previews unreal. dude well i mean it's neither here. nor there because barbie. made an obscene amount of money. whether that screening was sold out. or not all right let's do it. leave a comment please we love you. i'm gonna be in uh north carolina. and also nashville and orange. county chrisley dot com there we go leave a comment mattelia dot com for oneonone sessions if you want to. sign up for the lifeline. luxury go to. patreon dot com lifeline luxury. that's right and if you want the merch. go to lifelinemerch dot com. get every piece or you hate. us if you get every piece you love. us then i love you. back yep here you go. foreign [music] 