 ah yes here we go. a woman and and that's it. dude pack it up a woman a woman married. a rag doll pack it up. dude woman who married. a ragdoll claims their relationship. is hanging on by a threat. after he cheated by texting. another woman hey dude i'm going. to jupiter hey pack it up. dude pack up when i read articles like that the i think hey pack up. space food i'm out of here. pack up dude are you kidding. me woman who married. a rag doll claims. her relationship [laughter] does she even. realize that yeah then she has to. realize that come on dude. nobody's that [ __ ] silly by mistake hanging on my throat after he cheated by texting another woman didn't happen hey hey woman people for real have problems this imagine being like ugh ah just you know she's someone who does that a lot you gotta be like what and she's like just my rag doll and you go uh give me space food i'm out what happened with your ragdoll oh my rag doll is i'm telling you dude it's cheating on me oh that's nice dude i'm out i got now you know what sucks dude i've got all these bills what do you mean well i gotta pay for a [ __ ] space flight what are you talking about oh it could be on earth why not well because you're on it you're in a relationship. with a rag doll. you think your ragdoll's. cheating and and uh and you think your ragdoll. can text how about that any of these so a woman. who married a ragdoll service. why can you marry. a wreck also what does that. mean dude do you take this. ragdoll through [ __ ] thick and thin i do ragdoll do you take this human woman the woman's like i do up the ragdoll's ass. i know um a woman who married. ragdoll reveals he has cheated just as the pair. are set to. celebrate their first wedding anniversary. while the timing the fact that they made it the most dramatic. timing too like are you [ __ ] kidding. me ragdoll right when we were gonna i had this whole thing. we were gonna go. to look at the name mario. mary marivon never heard that. name moraz 37 so you know. from brazil hit headlines. earlier this year after revealing. she had met the love of her. life a ragdoll named marcelo. you don't meet ragdolls okay. can't meet fabric. you can't meet fabric. she has since admitted the relationship. is hanging on by a thread. has to know it's funny. after claiming he has cheated on her. now what does that entail. well the ragdoll's big as [ __ ]. i see the picture here. oh my looks like uh gene wilder. in the latest twist. in the very bizarre tale. she has claimed he went. to a motel with another woman. hey dude somebody brought it. somebody brought it dude. ragdolls don't went anywhere dude. oh this is i mean. okay she's obviously she's either trolling. or mentally insane which makes me like it less. i like it if her mental. is hanging out by a thread. and she is like what's going. on here but also it's too much. to not be crazy. or trolling because this is and this is where you can. tell she claimed you went. to a motel with another woman. fine you could argue that like okay. maybe another woman took it and she's pissed off. and she's mad at the ragdoll. but and even says she found texts. on his phone you know. after a whirlwind romance she claimed to. have fallen pregnant i mean. and as she didn't want to. have the baby out of wedlock the duo decided. to get hitched in a ceremony attended by 250. pill dude are you [ __ ] me hey who went i would go but who went okay soon she cortical gave gave birth in only 35 minutes while at home with a doctor and a nurse. on site dude and an audience. of 200 people oh wow. why does the ragdoll. have a better body than me. while overjoyed about the new rock. now the mother of three. and her ragdoll lover. are sleeping in separate. beds after she caught him cheating with another woman wow that's uh unbelievable. wow the ragdoll has no feet. wow oh dude she's holding a smaller baby. rag doll it would be great. if the ragdoll also the baby. ragdoll also had a mustache you know she didn't think about it. that much wow the picture here. the guy on the left. in the new york hoodie. is is absolutely [ __ ] this. is great dude just the guy. in the new york hoodie. look at these stupid [ __ ] doctors posing with this goddamn ragdoll. what's wrong with this. world look look the argument got ugly. and ours and scared our son who was crying so i shouted him do you see what you've done why is she have she actually looks pregnant will be so boring to. live with this ragdoll. oh it shaved a little bit. one day okay well i'm going. to space bro this. is just too too. much congratulations [music] [music]. 