 foreign lifeline is an advice. show for entertainment purposes only if you need real help. or advice please seek a therapist. or licensed professional [music] hello. hello [music] yeah welcome. to lifeline you guys welcome back. for another rip roaring episode. you know what i mean. we're recording yeah we are recording. and i will be and when does. this come out sunday oh dude. i will be in seattle. tonight chrysalia dot com. and i will be in uh rhode island and new york. and san antonio and sugarland texas chrysalia dot com. oh i'll be in jacksonville. and lakeland florida and also daytona florida. so go to chrisley dot com. to get those tickets. and uh that's that's that you're gonna put the thing on the screen. here so you can talk about the thing. i'm being so vague just saying you want. to go uh uh you got a question. click the link below or go. to lifeline dot com a watch lifelines dot com. well there's a space in the [ __ ] watch space lifeline. space and the other thing. is you know underlined but uh that's okay. hyperlinked hyperlinked yeah oneonone advice. you want one in one. advice yeah maybe people do yeah. if they do they should go. to mattelier dot com and book. a session with me matalia. there you go get yourself. out of a hole yeah. out of a conundrum the whole get her outer whatever. you need and then we got that. we talk about it we got the great. lifeline merch is at lifeline. it's at lifelinemers dot com um so yeah. that's it dude sorry dude. sorry sorry we just said that. but we have to. pay some bills you know. what i mean we're gonna pay some bills. that's what they say. on the radio we'll be. right back we got to. pay some bills yeah yeah and then they go to. the commercials hey do you know. anything about the death of casey. kasem no i know i i i guess. i just i knew he died. i guess anyway i knew he died. too but apparently there's some scandal. the true like the some mystery about his death. why but like someone i don't know. but here's the thing every time. i open youtube it's it's a suggested video i'm casey. occasion the mystery of casey kasem's death. and well i don't click it. oh well but i think about it. all the time so i'm always like well just click it. whenever i think um see i looked yeah no i looked on wikipedia. and there's something that happened. that's fishy how i died. i'm casey kasem and i'm dying. of an illness i think but it might be because it's something. else was it uh number five what. was he on what was he on. uh the radio oh. oh really yeah but what i'll say. scoobydoo what do you mean. scoobydoo what did he do. for scoobydoo he was the voice. of shaggy he was yeah. i'm casey casey i'm coming in at. number three wrongful death. wait i i don't i i don't know oh wow. wow i'm shaggy coming. in at number five i'm shaggy. dude [laughter] dude isn't it. weird that we used to. listen to him do. like the top yeah 100. greatest whatever coming into. number 10 it wasn't. me from shaggy and it wasn't me. i died and it wasn't me. somebody did it well the worst. song title of all time. i'm casey gajam why are you. doing look you just got out. of the dentist someone killed. me coming in at number three. someone killed me no no one. killed him it's like his family. something about his family. yeah coming in at number six something. about my family okay. that's really cool um so yes in case. of kid well no i didn't know. about that but i'll have to. look into it you know. i have to do. my research maybe have some answers. for me next time i ask. yeah i will um so yeah anyway. but yeah what is that. noise oh someone upstairs dude. um my uh my son got his big. boy bed just today he got his big boy. bed and it's really cute. cute you know what it's really. cute it's cute dude. and he likes it. he wasn't sure because he had the crib. with the wall off of it. you know he just kind of could crawl into. his own crib we had three sides. you know what i'm talking. about like a christmas. it is but you take the the side. off and it makes it like it's a nice. transition into a bigger. bed i got rid of that. because i got another baby. i got the other baby. coming and the other baby's gonna sleep. in the crib now and then we're gonna put the wall. back up on that thing and then he's got his big boy. bed and they came today so what does the what. what do you know. about the second baby so far. it's a boy and he's coming is it. named no we don't know. the name yet. okay yeah uh we have ideas. but we don't know yeah. what do you think the name. should be drop the names. in the cup drop it. in the comments you know. what i mean so [ __ ] youtubey you guys what do you think the name of my new baby. should be dropping in the comments. i'll pick i'll pick the one. i'll pick the best one. hey your name is lightning rod um. do you want to. tell everybody what mom wanted. to name one of us. she wanted to name. me thaddeus that's the one. i was thinking of yeah. dude coming in at number. one no dude thaddeus what would. they call me tad worse. no thad thad worse sad. dude tad no it's tad is. the nickname for chad she. said she would have called you thad. dude that has a lisp talking about emotions. and i'm i'm thad my son. is thad i'm thad nice. to meet you yeah oh it's gonna be okay i'm thad. nice to meet you see. ya wow someone driving away. because my name is dad. um yeah i do it. so if your name is thaddeus i'm. sorry how different would your life. be if your name was well. i'll tell you what i went. to i would have went to. full school i would have went. to [ __ ] as much school. as possible i would have because i got some sort of degree. and i would be [ __ ] do i would be honestly. i would do mounds of cocaine. whoa mounds of cocaine. if my name was thaddeus i feel. like if you're thaddies you need. to be in academia. somehow there's like a professor. so loads and loads of school. massive amounts of cocaine. professors don't do cocaine. okay so that's where you're wrong. because i would be the professor. that does do cocaine. and i would do mounds and mounds. of it and scarface will be my favorite movie. and a beautiful mind those those both. of those movies will be my favorite movies. for different reasons and then i would do mounds of cocaine. i've been thinking about this dude. i should probably start doing cocaine. you mentioned that which is weird. why do you say that. also i first of all no you shouldn't i need to. okay second of all why. do you say that. i need to get i need a gogetter. attitude i need to. get up and just go let's do this. because i don't do that. okay how about other things. first like i mean i don't know many many things like going. to bed at the right. time and wake up early okay. i'll get on this what is it. circadian rhythms get on a cycle. dude your sleep's all [ __ ] up you wake up. at 11 a.m sometimes yeah but that's because i do like shows. and it's late and then i come home. and it's one and then i go to. sleep at like 2 30 because i'm [ __ ] jacked. and i have to. watch like an episode of you know what i mean. can kill thy neighbor and so it's like to. wind down though you know what i'm saying. no you should just go straight. to bed when you get home. and they do it i'll toss. and turn i've tried to. do that if i do that i'll stay. up till five because i'm just like this. waiting and bored so i have to. like wind down maybe even watch like some south. park or something like that. if i want some yucks but like i you know. it's what do you think that. you should do you said adderall but that's like i didn't say. adderall you did what you said. earlier someone else said i don't know okay. so someone said adderall but it's like i don't want to. get better than cocaine. i don't want to. get hooked on something. though then why are you gonna do cocaine. i feel like i'm not a roll. i couldn't take it because it's a prescription. cocaine i feel like i could do it. because because here's the other thing too when i do when i do cocaine. it and i've never done. it but when i do it. i want to. make sure people know i do it. and i want to. have the powder all over. my face all the time. i can't stand watching people. do during shows you don't have to. see me do it but i want. you to see like the smear. and be like yo what's up. everybody how you doing like doing my shows. me like he's not cool. so you know people on cocaine. are the most of all the drugs yeah like being around. people on different drugs people. on cocaine are the most annoying. and i've been around many people on. like ecstasy which are also so annoying. but it's not even close. cooking it's just like you you make me. anxious when you're on true. yeah i do i don't like her. i don't like cocaine. there's a lot of people who do okay. and i've never done cocaine. and people honestly think i'm always on cocaine. anyway i can't imagine if i was on cocaine. i'd probably be able to. float uh like or do magic. or something i mean. people are like this guy's coked out of his gourd. all the time i told you about the [ __ ] that [ __ ] that happened to. me yep yeah yeah yeah people think i look so much. like i do cocaine. they come up to. me and ask me if i have cocaine. and when i say no inevitably because i never do. because that's one drug i've never done. they look at me cockeyed and they think i'm like lying. oh you've never done cocaine. no i've never i didn't. know that okay uh but what about the thing. when you went to. go get your surgery. remember i thought that's what you were. going to talk about what. remember when the doctor was like yeah we have to. talk about your cocaine. problem oh yeah yeah my nose i've talked about that on this. yeah you have actually never mind. but yeah my septum was. so deviated my sinuses were so. [ __ ] up that my doctor had like a sit down with me yeah and like uh what do you call it like like he had uh brochures and [ __ ] about how to. get off cooking right i felt like a liar. because i was just like i look. i know how it's gonna sound right. everyone that you approach like this. says this but i've actually never even. come back in once. in my life that's so funny. dude well uh whatever you know. at least that you're in good. health and you don't do. cocaine i look like i do cocaine. on the outside and the inside. apparently right that's the morals so why you've never done. cocaine i don't like people on cocaine. the first reason is that interesting. second reason is i have like a weird visceral. disgust reaction to. people snorting powders oh. really i've got i've snorted powders. what have you started. i was in something where i had to. act like i was uh snoring cocaine. what was it like a movie. thing i understand what was the thing. you were snorting oh. uh i don't know actually. so whatever it is such an idiot. i did ask but it was a long. time ago but you know. this you do you like you'd get the prop. stuff yeah and i snorted it. and sometimes it's just baking soda sometimes. it's okay to. do it baking soda because of cornstarch well whatever it was i did. it and i didn't get high yeah. no [ __ ] but i was still worried because i was i was like well i get high i've never done drugs. and they're like there's no drugs. in this i was like okay. i remember you used to. get worried that you would get contact high from being around. people who were smoking weed. right well well yeah but you can though. not really dude inside. like a really tight space. and they need to. be blowing smoke. into your orifices really yeah did you just hotbox. in a [ __ ] like bedroom and people are smoking you can't get a contact high my whole thing. is if you're going to. do drugs do the drugs that don't [ __ ] smell. and like you know what i mean. get in my clothes weed. is the worst no weed. is not really a drug weed. is for everybody but that's fine. though but i don't want it. to be all like in my face. plumes of smoke it's like vaping is. the worst so get people to. do smoking out of mind. for some reason get people to. do edibles around you right. right way better way better carry. edibles okay before they light. their [ __ ] say no no here you go yeah is it legal. to carry around edibles yes is it. okay it is even if you don't have a license. you don't need a license. dude you don't this. is california california's weed. is like i could go get weed. right now without a card. you could go into. any store not without a card. id only i thought there were cards that you had to. have nope not that was years. and that's the old way hell yeah. dude we're making progress. yeah with the program maybe. i should just go to. one of the stores get the weed. can it can do they sell brownies. they do right yeah oh [ __ ] man or maybe i want to. smoke that loud though you want to. smoke now no i'm just i don't want. to i'm just saying if i'm outside and i'm outside of the place. and i get it and i light up. and i just smoke. the sticky icky might be nice it. might be nice but you've never smoked weed. have you no never no. i should probably eat it. you're right but here's the [ __ ] about eating weed. okay i want to. eat uh i want to. eat more than just a little piece of a brownie. brownies are [ __ ] awesome. i agree but here's the thing. that is weird i'll i have such a high. tolerance sound i'm so used to. that i can eat any wellmade edible and not. taste the weed then. the person that i'm with will be like really and taste. it and they'll like spit. it out they'll be like this. is [ __ ] disgusting. i don't i for some reason. i guess it's because i've had so many of them. i don't taste the wheat. in it anymore. i only taste the the sweet. thing or the yeah. whatever i mean sometimes it's not chocolate. but why don't everyone likes. more brownies is what i'm saying. why don't they just spread. the weed out and make it a little bit. like more you know what i'm saying. and then this way you could have two. three brownies because i think you get equally. as high with just one. bite because i think with edibles you just want. to get high you don't want. an entire [ __ ] brownie. but this is not for brownie. lovers it's for weed. lovers do you know what i'm saying. uh tolerate it going down if you want a brownie. you get it right. oh i guess too you could eat just like one. little bit of weed brownies. but then also regular brownies yes you could do that. you could totally do i wanna. get high so high so nasal so nasal be real. like some of my instagram posts. anyway let's go with that be real that's cypress hill. yeah nice he'd like us on. my instagram post this one. doesn't matter right now. it's fine but i wanna. again so high okay. okay so let's go to. the first first thing here we go. what's up boys uh this. is drayton from atlanta drayden love. y'all out here um keep doing what you're doing. my question today is uh hey hey uh let me. finish oh that's exactly what my. question is when people are interrupting. you schizophrenic and you just keep losing your thoughts. and yours what you're saying. because they keep interrupting you and you just don't want to. be rude about it and say hey shut the [ __ ] up. i was just talking it's the worst. but you you want to. be able to. say what you want to. say and these people are always interrupting you yeah my question is how do you deal. with these difficult people dude. appreciate it you know. how i do you need to. get a noops button at chrisley dot com. you go there and you just hit it. oops because they interrupted you you. say look at this. man we made a mistake. here this is not how the conversation. is supposed to. go and i'm willing to. accept my part in it. but like you interrupted me. maybe i gave you some maybe i gave you like. a hint that i needed some help. with this conversation but i don't. dude what the [ __ ] you're interrupting. me there's different kinds of people that do this. though and it there's like tears. okay of terribleness right okay the tears. of terribleness so chicks is one who's the the tears. the tears of terribleness you ready. yeah tears of terrible that's. the very top of the wrestling. squad the highest tier. of terribleness is hulk hogan with the black. monster person that interrupts you because they they think they know what you're going. to say and they start like saying it with you or telling you. that i get it and i'm going. to finish it for you. that's the worst you're the worst. i have to stop doing this. so you're the worst but i'm i'm thinking about it. and then at the bottom is just like people. who interject with questions. that don't realize their questions. will be answered by the time. i'm done so so now i think that's the worst. that's the most innocent no that's fine. okay it's innocent you're right. that's the most innocent that's the most fine. it's annoying but it's the least. terrible so i'm gonna get to. that i go like that. if you're just keep listening you'll. see that you don't need to. ask that question yeah that you can do. that you can also you can do. whatever you want though. the truth is you don't. have you don't have to. be nice to. those people because those people aren't being nice to. you they're interrupting you for whatever. reason that's rude yeah so you can say anything. from like wait did you want. did you want me. to tell the story or did you did. you just want to. talk that the most [ __ ] back. like so angry doing that. i do that yeah that's good. that's good did you want. just so much darkness in you in there. yeah did you want did. you want me to. tell the story or did you want. to just talk yeah because if you just want. to talk go ahead. i'll stop dude go ahead you know. what i could leave you record. this exactly yeah exactly. cool um but there's a number of things you can do. you could do the oops. button yep uh you can you can like wait. till you're all done and then come come. correct with the person be like look. i don't know if you're doing that. on purpose but you kept interrupting. me and that's like it was driving. me crazy that's hilarious. you know to be like talking and talking they keep interrupting. you and finishing you talking and by the time. you're done and they go like this. come here sit down. so in that conversation i was trying. to get some points. across uh you asked some. questions that i was already going. to answer you'll also interrupted with stuff. that you thought i was gonna say. turns out i wasn't going. to say that stuff some of the stuff. you got right but it just made the general. conversation take just way longer. you do that i don't know. if you do that and i'm just letting you know. so i'll catch you later. but there's a middle tier. as well what there's the innocent. tier then there's the really truly terrible. you said there's the three tiers. right yeah but then there's a second tier. oh the the lowest most innocent. tier is tier one. and that's just like asking questions. before it's the gig is up. yes the jig is up. okay the worst most terrible. is have you said this. yet what you have you. said this no okay so you i'm so i'm having trouble. understanding what the two that. you've said are so far. okay the first one that i said yes. was the worst one that's the third. one okay okay so that should be the top. one it it's hard. to it's hard to. the worst one should be number one. no no because it's tier. one tier two tier three. okay okay all right so so tier. one is the least bad and it's the interruption. and it's the innocent one. asking questions yeah yeah tier. tier three is the worst. tier three is the worst. and tier three is the one. where you start the person. who interrupts you starts saying what they think you're saying but they're wrong. wrong right like i just like you just do it. yeah but so and then what's two. two what's the middle two it's just like uh is just it's it's like it's half. innocent because they they are into. it but they like they keep trying. to say things that that it. reminds them of about themselves. oh that's horrible yeah it's terrible. yeah but it's not as bad. as the the top yeah. okay but that's tier. two those are the tears. of terrorists have you have stepping. on hot calls so did you um so did you think of this. before you just thought of this. now that you had the three tiers. thing yeah well that's amazing. good job dude way to. think on the fly thank you. all right cool well there you go. then and uh yeah i see it. just get yourself a noobs putting a chrysalia dot com. your own [ __ ] so hard anthony. put a thing an image of it. right here oh that's one. you get a chrysler dot com. okay he gets it okay. okay cool um just a quick advice. question for you i love. them yeah so we have two. very close friends. that went to. thailand two years ago. never came back and after they came back. they told us you guys. should come next time they're like our best. friends and recently we found out. that they have already booked. their flights to thailand. including some of our friends. in like our close. circle have already booked their flights and we have not. heard nothing about it we have talked to. them and they have not mentioned. it they seem totally fine. they're not mad at us or anything. we're exchanging gifts with our. kids whoa yeah so we have no clue. what's going on oh it's in three months. we want to. go to thailand. but we don't feel like we're truly invited. and haven't heard anything for two. years so we haven't really been saving. up so uh what do we do it's been. two years any advice i don't know what was the two. years thing chris that that two years. ago they went and they said you should come. next time oh right. i think just plain and simple. be like wait you're going. to thailand and they're going. too like wait yeah we all gonna go. yeah and that you don't. have to act like an [ __ ] though just be like wait i actually thought we're all gonna go we were excited about. that yeah that's not like a way. you don't you don't make people feel. bad doing that if you do that's a byproduct. of just actually wondering this is a horror. movie what is it this. is it's gonna be a horror. movie you know oh when they go to. time yeah it's going to. be called like the uninvited. guests or something and like you get there. and they're gonna and you're they're gonna murder. you you know what i mean. uh i think i mean. this sounds like a horror movie. it's like well we didn't and then we you know. and it would be about a danish. guy you know what i mean. and it would be half. an english half and whatever. they [ __ ] speak over there wow you know uh what do they speak danish. hi no danish i'm saying. yeah danish okay um uh no. but i you you go like this. you say hey um just want to. know all good i'm a big. because you know me. and i've said this. before i'm a big proponent and you say this. of not everybody needs to. always be hanging out with all the friends. all the time i get it. but um you i just don't want you to. think we don't want to. go to thailand. and i don't know if it's on us. to say hey we want to. come but you did mention. it a while ago. and if it's a thing that you're gonna do with those. people all good but just let us know. because we're down i think that's what you that's what i would do. and then if they're like oh they'll probably be like oh come yeah. i can't imagine well it. definitely will but here's the other thing. you don't want them. to do like exactly [ __ ] all right. yeah come on exactly they don't. want you to exactly. so that's why you don't so what do. you do do it as many. in as many words as you. just said ah i'm the king of words. all you do is say what. i uh in fact what i said. is the best okay we'll say it. again right so it's you're just like trump. hey something like oh you're going. to thailand and wait you're all. going to thailand. i i thought we were all. including us yeah yours wow. sorry wow this requires the thailand. being coming up somehow yours. yeah yeah yeah you bring it. up no you bring it. out you go like this ah man. it's crazy all over the world. man you guys ever think of thailand. by the way uh i heard you going. um that's fine did you want. us to come made that whole comment. i'm not saying all that. just bring it up. out of it like that holy [ __ ] you're invited to. everywhere i go by the way. who cares just bring it. up out of the blue. it's on your mind you know. yeah thailand oh wait i heard you. guys are all going to. time like we want to. go too oh dude. that's the way to. do it you know what you do. you get taboo and you pick. the card where you can say. everything but thailand how do you rig. it well you just what oh um okay. so uh all our friends. are going and we're not invited. right all right yeah but how do you rig. it is it the logistics. of that you you [ __ ] put up the car you set the cards up. you know what i mean. all our friends no no. no and all the friends. are there and they're like uh and they go oh you didn't get it. it's thailand so so now that we're talking about. it what's up with that. so we were supposed to. go so i just don't know if you guys. all know but we were invited. first okay because two years. ago they said you should go. next time and what the [ __ ] now everybody's all what is this. all about dude everybody's going we're not um i come up. with great ways dude. that's so roundabout it requires. you have to. buy the game taboo first. of all everyone has taboo. the card thailand might not even. exist you have to. make your own card you make your own. card you'd be like you know. what dude hey guys so i will play taboo. i'm getting rid of these cards. i made my own cards. i just have like five of them. and be thailand be one. of them two of them. two of them and then they do it. again and they say is thailand. again they say yeah and actually that reminds me. there's more i want to. talk about that yeah taboo's fun dude. yeah taboo is the game. we were playing when dad said look. at this yeah yeah yeah those are those. the days huh. yeah those were that was the day. guys let's take a break. because this episode is brought to. you by betterhelp um look when i feel like i'm my best. self uh i operate better my mental. is better i'm in a better. mood the reason i get there is because of therapy definitely when i'm open. and honest with my therapist. um otherwise i can't operate. in that way uh when you're at your best. and i can certainly say when i'm i'm at my best. i do great things but you can do great. things too uh sometimes life. gets you bogged down and you may feel overwhelmed like you're not. showing up the way that you want. to trust me i get it. better help can help working with a therapist can get you closer. to the best version of you. because when you feel empowered you're more. prepared to take on. everything that life throws at you. all right if you're thinking of giving therapy. a try and you never have especially better. help is awesome better help. is great because you don't have to. go anywhere they just match. you with a therapist after you fill out. a brief questionnaire and you can. just uh you can just start. talking and it's amazing. what this does it's convenient. flexible affordable and it's entirely. online if you don't like the therapist. they set you up. with yeah you can just get it. try a different one right. away no additional charge whatsoever right so. uh it really it really. takes the oh i don't want to. get up and do this. out of it yep you need to. therapy you maintain your car. you you know you need to. maintain your brain and better. help is a good way. to do that if you want. to live a more. empowered life therapy can help you. uh help you there. visit betterhelp dot com. lifeline today to. get 10 off your first month. that's better help help dot com. slash lifeline thanks hey whoa. whoa the nfl. playoff action continues we are. one step closer to. super bowl 57 and for the nfl divisional round check out draftkings. sportsbook i know i am it's an official. sports betting partner of the nfl. new customers can bet just five dollars. and guess what guess how many free bets. you get instantly two hundred dollars. 200 in free bets we're just spending five dollars. plus all new and existing. customers can take a shot at an even. bigger payout with draftkings. stepped up same game parlays. boost your nfl winnings with each leg. you add up to. 100 percent matt who you got. your eye on i got my ford. later today the cowboys. are going up against my 49ers. i can never root for the cowboys. because they're the cowboys. and i got my 49ers. going all the way. so the 49ers excite. me okay well they excite. you that's great so download the draftkings. sportsbook app and use code. lifeline new customers can bet five dollars. on the nfl divisional round. and get 200 and free. bets instantly only at draftkings sportsbook. with code lifeline minimum age. and eligibility restrictions apply. see show notes for details same. guys up chris and matt. loving the podcast takes apart. calculators and and like mixes them. all up and then figures out. how to put them back. together and then they work even better than they did. look at him like what in your childhood. makes you think that that's that. guy you know what i mean. i don't know you must have seen. somebody like that you know. and i think that there's some trauma. there so go go steve. alpert start it over yeah also loves his mom. and so nice to. her uh chris i saw you in boston the late. show so good so the first one was better. thank you with my girlfriend. and this is kind of what my question. involves so i've been dating. this girl for about six seven. months right and i'm in school. and she's got a calculator we're both going. to study abroad next semester. what brought her yesterday and she's gonna be in europe. and i'm gonna be in new zealand. now we both want to. make this relationship work so how do you guys recommend. i go about this. like considering time zones. oh my god considering how far we're going. to be we're probably not going. to see each other for like six months. um but we really want to. make it work and i really like this. girl but so how do you guys. recommend i go about. this thanks dude let me just let me just tell you something. here this is so [ __ ] and i will tell you you think six months. is the doable no it let me. just tell you this dude. okay okay i'll shut up. i'll stop interrupting i'll stop being in tier. two okay so women change their it. doesn't take six months. for them to um you know. and maybe and these six months. i've it's one day bro. what are you saying they go. like this they're it's three. months in they're really missing. the [ __ ] out of the guy yeah they're missing the [ __ ] out of him his girlfriend okay oh man i miss him thinking about him every day one day yeah one of the days yeah like a dog runs by yeah and goes to. the a dude that owns the dog. and he's like oh hey what's up. yeah and she's like oh that's a cool. dog he's like oh that's hilarious. um anyway uh cool not hilarious. but okay yeah then that. [ __ ] dude okay dude this is when you're being the most steeper right. now in the history of the world. because one time i had i had a girlfriend. okay yeah and and we were things. were going great oh wow. okay things were going. you're being serious right now. yeah oh we're going crazy. yeah yeah but we all learn. from our experiences okay. yeah so by the way this. has happened to me. multiple times so we have we we we were it. was great she goes like this. hey going to paris. and i say huh. she says yeah going to. paris i was like what are you talking about. we've been together for two. years she's like i'm just gonna take a trip. and i go i say all right. well when she's like i'm gonna go in like three weeks. i said well why didn't you tell what's you. she's hired about the ticket. i said what the [ __ ] and she's like i knew if i if i didn't do it right then i wouldn't do it and i say okay uh well that's so weird though yeah it is weird goes to. paris doesn't meet someone uhhuh comes back. from paris says it's over. dude she was there for a week. she didn't even meet someone. okay she came back started dating. someone in l.a it takes one. day all i gotta do is see something. like a dog run by. okay but no okay more six weeks. two days is the same. so you're saying you're putting in this. guy's head one day it's gonna be one month. she's gonna leave him it's going. to be like a [ __ ] tennis racket. to your face that's not at all. my experience at all and frankly. i don't even hear that. happening ever to. be twice i don't even i only know if it happened. to you once without capital. town remember yeah and then another that was one one that even mentioned okay. well anyway i i have a completely different. uh opinion on the matter. was el capitano it's equally. bleak but it's not okay. similar to. yours at all six months. when you're really in love with somebody. when you're thinking about the prospect of spending six months. apart sounds so doable and so straightforward. and so manageable okay it isn't it's not it's so [ __ ] hardened. it feels like six years it's the hardest thing. in the world so i think instead of i mean. you're he seems so young. they're in school did he say how old he is. the younger the worse i know. that's why i'm 50. we're going. to die in 20. years anyway they might be better off. keeping it loose and saying we want to. be together after these six months. then like really putting it on themselves. pressuring themselves to make sure it it. works out throughout the six months. i'm not saying like go with god. for six months i'll see you on the other side. i'm saying we love each other we want. to make it work. but more than anything we want. to make sure that in six months. we're back where we want. to be with each other. let me just tell you something. dude okay i understand. what you're saying so what about the guide. also no i know but listen. dude they're going to. they should by the way. reverse the places they're going. to she's going to. [ __ ] britain where the chicks are ugly but the dudes are like how are you yes it's nice to. be beautiful where in england. yeah where are they dude. in london they're not okay. anyway keep going and then the dupe okay fine there. are some hot women in in in in in in britain. but bro the dudes though. they all got [ __ ] up teeth. but the dudes that's part. of it they're ugly but the women. it's like yeah i got [ __ ] up teeth. but with the dudes it's like you know it's part. of my [ __ ] thing ain't it. right yeah and so and then and so you're gonna be letting her go. there for six months. she's gonna meet some dude. named hugh or nigel right. and then he's going to. new zealand where the chicks. are just all tatted up. and just ready wait do we know. how's it going yeah he just said. europe right he didn't say. where she's going specifically honestly. any place but britain is even worse france. spain worse in what way. like she's gonna cheat. on him yeah dude the dudes are [ __ ] going going they should both. concede the fact that cheating is probably going to. happen for both of them. they're young and like just just look here's what you should do. go into it. saying we love each other we want. to make sure it works. on the other side we don't want. to make [ __ ] it up while we're apart. so like let's keep each other. in one another's hearts. but know that whatever one. of us does here. or there or whoever the [ __ ] it's it's we're gonna have to. be okay with it when we come. back here because the last thing. you want to. do is really put pressure. on yourselves and then one of you. is faithful and then the other. one isn't and then by the time. the six months are up. and everybody's back the truth. comes out everything's [ __ ] up get a wig. be her go to. britain she cut her hair you know the worst movie the worst movie premise. ever for no reason like there's no not even. a reason to. do it go to. new zealand because the dudes in new zealand. are not good looking and the and the chicks. in [ __ ] britain i mean the dude's got a leg up on them do you know what i'm saying otherwise you're gonna go to. britain dude i swear to. god eight days she's gonna be what's up. what's up what's up. matt are you saying what's that. song again uh am i saying. what are you saying don't ask don't. tell no i'm not i'm not i'm just saying be loose. with each other because if you're too tight. it's easier to. break like let yourselves remain. in love give yourselves. a chance but let each other breathe. because the more suffocating one one is or the other is you're just gonna end. up pushing the person away. or one one person does make a mistake. or slip up or whatever. the pressure's gonna be that. much more like yeah impossible to. overcome music play the song that goes. what's up i don't like any of this. wasn't it got it wrong. i ain't no [ __ ] [music]. that's so many songs at once. i got i got i got one. that's uh mlp okay i don't know. that what i forget what it. is and you know we played. in this podcast before. yeah i know okay so then you should know. so no so he knows is what. he's saying he said he doesn't know. you're the one who played it. i know because i asked mako. the first time what it was and he told me. and now he's saying he doesn't know. which is [ __ ] there we go dude. why were you holding out on. me dude he didn't know anthony. knew i know why was he holding out. on me he looked it. up what did you google. some cut dude dude it's got some cut. i'll tell you eight days. in britain dude i don't know how are you that's nice to. meet you oh wow look at that. wow nice after that oh you got another glass on your duck. yeah i mean oh that's really nice isn't it. that's happening for sweat entirely. too long let me. see the backside there oh wow. isn't that nice i can put my drink down. on it yeah come here. put a guinness sound on here. wow okay stop anyway uh good luck to. you but that shit's so hard. long distance especially when you're young is so [ __ ] hard dude i've done it did it failed at it done. it again after that failed. at it never succeeded at it. bing bong bing a the year of the big. hmong i mean it's hard. yeah but here's the thing. it's they're being an end already. it being six months. makes it at least possible. so there is hope i guess you could say but that shit's hard. yeah all right cool all right. next one hey doormat and christopher the worst. you expect you guys were arguing. amongst yourselves which name was the best door mat and then you said the worst name for a guy keith. is bruce yeah that's you no. so i was named after my grandpa. bruce i like bruce who died. from leukemia okay so thanks for crapping. on both of our names. no problem dude but that's not why. i'm sending this no problem. i would like some advice. on the most creative or memorable. way to quit not. in a mean way. but you just want it. to be creative and i've been at the same. job for about 11. years wow our same company. doing this doing my trade. for 11 years and i really like my boss. but you know i think it's just time. to move on and side. note he watches this show religiously oh boy. sometimes we watch it together. at work so i'm not sure how this is going. to go but it's hilarious. i don't know what do. you think is the most creative. way well this memorable way. to quit your job. this is hey hey boss bruce is thinking about. quitting so why don't you. have the conversation bruce is. out no he's not thinking about it. he's done he's out hey boss you're done. okay okay well yeah boss. bruce is done bruce doesn't want. to work for you anymore. we're sorry um but it's okay because you don't want a guy. that doesn't really want to. be there and he needs. to do bigger and better. things right and he has no hard feelings. he's not mad he's not mad. he doesn't want to. make a scene doesn't want to. make you feel bad it's time. to move on his name. is bruce uh uh this is the way. well bruce will let you know. that this is happening. or producers will let you know. follow up with you so you can watch this. episode with your boss. right and he will learn. this way yeah hey bruce's boss. dude no no he doesn't want. to do in a mean. way he said no no for me. but i know but still it's like let's be on everybody's. side right because this is bruce's. face right now no he knows he knows. it's coming no but he he saw the he's watching lifeline. he's going to why. is he doing that because he's watching it. with the guy but he knows why are you acting confused. why did you he's like why. are you the boss. yeah why didn't you just oh the boss. is doing yeah dude. you didn't say that he said. bruce was doing that the boss. was doing that i said he said bruce okay. well i'm a boss um yeah yeah. that should go over really well well i mean. look dude there's no easy way. really to quit you want. to quit you want to. quit 11 years of this [ __ ] you know obviously you've been thinking about it so it's all good man and you know you could still remain friends you can still watch your show why don't you dude watch the next episode. together in the next year. full of episodes right right. there you go you know. so yeah dude we're with you buddy. and we're sorry and bruce i don't think is the worst. name you know what and i'm not just saying. this because i got called out i i agree. that bruce is not the one. bruce is a cool name. yeah bruce willis kind of made it. popular um okay bruce is not. that bad it's true. i don't know why i even said that. we're just making jokes you know. we have fun yeah yeah i think wanker. is the worst name what's up. chris and matt huge fan of the podcast. wrapping that spin move mentality. hoodie uh i just wanted to. ask y'all for a little bit of advice. i work for a retail job. right now and i work with a lot. of really cool people we're all in a group. chat we all try to. get together on our off days it's awesome. and um play softball and basketball and stuff. like that but whenever i hang out. with them i always find myself. being really awkward and being really to. myself and saying things that like i think back later. and i'm like oh why did i say that. and stuff like that and it. makes you know i'm i'm i find myself. awkward to a point. where i kind of don't want to. hang out with them even though. i enjoy i enjoy them. all they're all really cool. people and i enjoy get getting out. there playing softball or whatever. we're doing but i i find myself. so odd like being so awkward. i don't want to. go out there and hang out with them. because i don't want them. not to like me. you know what i'm saying yeah. so i just wanted to. know if y'all have any advice. on that i i'd really appreciate it. uh i'm normally a really. you know funny and outlandish pretty loud dude. i just found myself with them. being real real awkward and contempt. i'm not really sure why uh any advice. man yeah i'd appreciate fulfilling. prophecy man that's what happens. you got your own hoe. or you dug yourself in it. and now you can't get out. the truth is each time. for two things each time. you hang out with them. is its own time once it's done. flush it down the toilet it's over nobody else is still thinking about the weird thing you did yeah nobody else is thinking about you in a good way i mean as much as you think it's like i wish i could [ __ ] all your wives anyway as much as you think it was dumb of you to. say a thing and how it was like it's festering for you. that's not what's happening with them. first of all second of all don't let it accumulate. otherwise like chris said it. becomes a selffulfilling prophecy the. more you think ah [ __ ] i shouldn't have said that the more likely you are to. have it happen again. where you say oh [ __ ] that was a dumb. thing to say or whatever. just like let it all go. what's done is done next. time you hang out with them. this is the new you and guess what if you do. something that's awkward who the [ __ ] cares. do it again yes it's not gonna happen. the more the less pressure you put on yourself. to not be awkward the less. awkward you will be also it's that. shame that's speaking to you dude. it's your oh [ __ ] i wasn't good. enough i wasn't there. dude i have the tapes i play in my head. too ever since childhood. you are good enough. and you're [ __ ] it's like that what's that stuart. smalley i'm good enough i'm smart. enough and doggone people like me you know. what for real and i have trouble. with this but affirmations man. you look in the mirror you look. in your eyes and you say i'm worthy. of friendship try to. do that watch how [ __ ] hard it is inside you watch. your heart do a twist. and turn it's [ __ ] hard do that. until it doesn't feel weird anymore. and that will help for real. and i'm not a big affirmations. guy i do say affirmations. you know i was getting a massage. the other day i was so uncomfortable. i couldn't [ __ ] enjoy it and face down i just started saying i'm worthy. of i'm i'm worthy of love. people like me i'm good. and dude i got out. of that [ __ ] man and your masseuse was like what well i mouthed it. oh oh i did it just like i was face. down in the hole so weird. for a masseuse okay i am okay. like that kind of [ __ ] yeah that's very strange. but it helps though they say it. helps it's like fake smiling. then turns into a real they do. say that helps yeah so i try to. do that and so do that. or look in your own. eyes and say i'm a good friend. that's not the issue at hand. though no but it but but you don't want. to fix the symptom you want to. hit the root of the problem. just be like i'm not awkward. if you need him to. do that no but no one's paying as much. attention to me it's deeper. than that as i am it's deeper. that the awkwardness is the symptom you. want to get the root problem. you want to. go i am okay. look in your eyes i am a good. friend i deserve friendship look. in your own eyes and do that. [ __ ] watch your heart do somersaults until it doesn't and then you get into. this attitude where you're like you. know what [ __ ] it [ __ ] it man i'm me and i have trouble. with it myself i really do i have trouble. with it myself i have a deep. need of acceptance but you know. sometimes with different groups of friends. it's different and with this. group of friends that says this. is your [ __ ] cross to. bear but you got this bro. we can tell you a good. guy and by the way they don't like you for the reasons. why you think they like you they like you. because you're you and we can tell i bet. they don't even think you're awkward. david they probably don't or they do. in a fun way or they like it. you know what i mean. like own it all this. is you this is okay. you are okay and do those [ __ ] affirmations in the mirror. man and watch your heart. do a somersault stop saying. that okay but a specific thing. yeah so that's good whoa. next one there we go. dude a couple years. ago wow how's it. going boys big fan. of the podcast thank you a fan. of the both of you uh me. and my girlfriend watch lifeline. every week i've been watching congratulations. for years my favorite episodes. or when you'd have your brother. your dad on oh nice always the best. so i love lifeline. thank you you guys for entertaining. us thank you so i've got a question it's a question. you guys have received kind of similar. uh my coworker stinks really. bad like cat piss most of the time. cat pissed sometimes just like pure stench. i've i've learned how to. describe should i just say you smell. like [ __ ] i don't know should i go to. my manager uh that's so happy's batman. the advice would be greatly appreciated. thank you so i actually have experienced. someone smelling my cat piss. in my life and it's it's [ __ ] a tragedy now in my experience the person. was smelling like catfish. because of their diet they changed their diet. and whatever they were doing was the reason. was responsible for their campus. what were they eating the cat. piss and onions no they became vegan. and that was what made them. smell like cactus whoa and then they started eating meat. no i i stopped being around. that person because they smelled like catfish. but you said they oh they changed their diet. too do that oh yeah. yeah yeah whoa yeah it was terrible. um for that person i'm not saying vegans were you. dating or was it a friend. dating or a friend or what yeah. i was dating okay so um that's a little different. than workplace [ __ ] you gotta be careful. well yeah you can't also you can't. even know if it's a diet. thing because no no. but what i'm saying is you got to. be careful about telling them. they smell like [ __ ] because you can get if you're their [ __ ] boss or something yeah they could get sued so like write a note on a paper airplane make sure the paper airplane curves the right way so like say your coworkers here's the person you wanted to. go you throw it over there. and it goes so it. looks like it came from over. there yeah but you're over. here what me she's like these are. the kinds that curve. yeah i i that's a rough [ __ ] thing man. um people sent that you can't. escape from is a real problem. because oh here's the other thing. too i don't know what. percentage but i bet. it's high they can't fix it. right maybe you know like i said maybe it's a diet. thing i haven't really been around. people that smell bad. all that much to. be honest oh i i have dude. i mean at meet and greets. when i do my meet and greets. sometimes are people that come up. and i'm like oh wow interesting. oh oh you're just a you just smell. horrible yeah you know is it okay you haven't been around a lot of people that smell bad. no and i have geez. really i really haven't you're lucky huh. yeah and i always smell pretty. damn good and so do you yeah well i think it's also and i firmly believe this. there are probably many people in that person's life. who he says smells like campus. that don't smell the cat piss. thing people respond to. chemical people so vastly different. and they say that. if you find somebody that you love. their smell that you will. you will have good babies. with them i made that up. but i feel like i feel like um that's a good. baby like like uh healthy oh. like um like chemically that you're supposed. to be with that person that's what i think i think that because you've ever been around. what you said is [ __ ] stupid okay. well does that make sense. but you don't have any science. that backs up what you're saying. and then i'm not saying anything i'm just commenting on what you said. you just made up a thing. wow completely made it up. do you think that sounds good. and you said the result. is good babies don't you think that. sounds good don't you think it. sounds probably right chemically you're supposed. to be with the person. you want to. be with so you're supposed. to be the person. to to push the human race. as as as far as you can you want to. mate with people who smell. good with each other right. well that's probably what i believe in. this is backed up by science. the people we are attracted to. whether we realize it or not. what one of the things we're primarily attracted. by is sent even if we're not recognizing. yeah for sure definitely oh definitely so they trick. you with shampoos though you know you got to. get beyond that no but we know what's what. do we yeah because sometimes you just smell. herbalescence and you're like i'm in love. yeah but you get on you get underneath. it that's you do you're saying pheromones yeah i think we are way. better at that than you ever. been i think we realized you ever. been with somebody that their breath. is just intoxicating uh no but i've been with someone. whose breath smells like rat poison. okay well and and and tastes like rat poison. when you kiss them. oh god [ __ ] me too no i have you have yeah but but i've also been with people whose breath are intoxicating breath. isn't dark yeah i'm just like i can't get enough of it. the kristen is that way. she always has yeah christian is that way. good breath no uh yeah. now i guess maybe that's just for me. i don't know that's what i feel. like maybe someone else because sometimes you've been with with. people who have bad breath. and then they start dating people. and you're like exactly you know. they come out talking about the first. point i was making right. right what's terrible yeah what smells like. happ is to. one person might smell. like [ __ ] roses to. another on your team have you ever. uh dated someone that you actually. love their smell for however. long in general and then something happens no you suddenly detest there's like a brain. injury no like they just they become vegan. oh no okay well that happened. to me wow that's crazy. and it was a devastation. yeah that's like another yeah oh wow. okay well hope it was worth. it but they weren't eating. meat go ahead next one. doubt it shaggy a guy. from scoobydoo i'm gay canadian. man chris stop talking about what's going. on i'm pretty excited to. talk to you guys huge fan. of you chris i have a dilemma. okay um i've got some friends. who i love uh but lately. it's been really hard to. hang out with them because they always have to. be the wokest person in the room. i like to you know. mess around and hang out. and have fun and we all know. what our opinions are on certain subjects. but for some reason. they always feel like they have to. do a little comment and be like look how woke i am look. how much better i am than. you and it really makes my stomach hurt. and i don't like being around. people who try to. act like they're better than other people. and i just want to. hang out and it's really driving. me crazy and we kind of don't like the certain friend. group anymore because it just feels. like everyone's afraid to. talk to each other and they don't feel like real. friends they feel like people were trying. to impress so i don't know. if you guys have that if you have a group that. you tried forcing yourselves. to hang out with at any points. and because i have a hard time. not being friends with people anymore. so just let me know. like cutting them out yeah. that's what he means yeah i i just it's just you need. new friends that's awful. that is so awful. if they just always sorry i was saving. humanity all right thank you. i thought i thought marco. paused it yeah no he didn't um yeah dude. that's awful man i just i you need. new friends that they're not going because you can't be woke. enough so they're all gonna start. [ __ ] sword fighting eventually. i mean it's just said that. it's just one group of them. yeah it's not all of his friends. right yeah yeah but you need new friends. well maybe he doesn't need new phone. okay well then you need to. cut them out yeah right. yeah i just yeah and he said we probably means him. and his girlfriend yeah i really or he's got multiple organizers. yeah yeah true or he's gay. and it's his partner. but either way you got somebody that. backs you up or trans. and goes by them and he's referring to. himself as we yeah i don't know. you know it could be any right. it could be him and the rest of the cast of scooby. doo i really want to. know what he means woke in. what context like does it. matter it could it can yeah sure uh i i wonder how much i've never had friends that are as he's saying. so woke it like distracts from the hang or something that sounds like you're hanging out with some like [ __ ] tyrants or something. well that's yeah i mean a lot. of work people are like that. yeah no i know but if it's getting to. a point where it's that. bad i can't even that's why. i wanted context i wish i knew. what i wonder what he maybe on the next. live episode we do he could. call in because like i wonder really what the [ __ ] he's talking about with uh like if they're like oh i mean look if he's walking around saying [ __ ] it saying racial slaves that's what i'm saying yeah it's like you know bro you gotta [ __ ] chill exactly right but if he's like yeah so you know it's funny uh or if he's just like i like to. show whatever the [ __ ] and they're like well that show actually is problematic because of whatever right then you're like all right. you know yeah yeah you know. i'm just trying to. chill you guys gonna judge me. when you got your own. skeletons in your closet probably wow. but i mean they you know. everyone has [ __ ] so it's like um yeah it i don't know what to. do so small how he wrote it. you don't know what to. do is that what you're saying. yeah i'm saying i don't know. what to do for him. okay well that's a weird. way to say that what did. i say you said i don't know. what to do yeah. i don't know what to. do for you oh just [ __ ] don't hang out with those people i guess so i mean is it cut and dry so but then he's like is a problem ending get better. at that oh i mean. really a hardcore man. i mean like i'll get better. at that because that's a skill. we all need you can't what. if you had what if you had a group of friends. that was [ __ ] just all the time you loved them. and then but suddenly all of a sudden all of them. started shooting heroin into. their arm not even realize i was gone. because they'd be so doped up. would you ever would you have a hard. time mixing them no but what is. this i would be like guys you do. too much heroin i gotta go. and they would be like this. no you would i'm saying as a hypothetical. to the guy who's here. to answer the question. yeah he would be able to. be like oh what the [ __ ] and get out. of there that's a way. more extreme example and a way more harmful example. but like maybe just realize what you've said which is that. you [ __ ] don't like these people anymore. yeah and they're not they don't make you feel good. or whatever they make you feel tense. i think is what he was. getting at yeah uh then don't hang out. with him dude yeah and if it's hard. to next people out of your life. like it's hard for everybody. to do that but that's a skill. you need true so just get to. practicing on these [ __ ] yeah so basically just don't hang out. with those people anymore. and then also has it happened. to you has what have you. had to been like i can't hang out. with these people anymore. oh yeah yeah for a number. of reasons not for that. reason right right yeah yeah definitely yeah. i have to smelling like campus. have you ever had to. do it with a whole group. of people he's talking about a group of people. yeah he is um because i've cut people out of my life. kinda it's usually like the entry. point is one really good friend. and then the group is like. yeah people i know through that right. right right yeah so yeah kind of yeah. all right well look you know oh all power. you know more power to. you we hope you get through. it uh seattle i'll see you tonight chrisley dot com. get tickets uh jacksonville. lakeland and daytona i'll be there next weekend sugarland. texas and san antonio i'll be there. the next weekend and then later on in february i'll be in new york. city rhode island providence rhode island. and um uh chicago thank you. very much uh if you want uh go to. chrisley dot com for tickets. you want oneonone advice sessions with. my brother mr diggy out. of a hole mattelia dot com. if you have a question click the link. in the description below or go. to watch lifeline dot com and you can get the merch. like the guy was wearing spin movement. mentality sweater or hoodie. at lifelinemerch dot com i really like that. hoodie yeah it's good i love. it at first but it really [ __ ] grows on you and that's what good. march does it grows on. you just like this podcast. and it's comfortable as [ __ ] yep okay so guys leave a comment bump up the algorithm make sure you're subscribed. and if you're not subscribed. to super good [music] 