 [music] runk hello. hello hello hello will hello hello episode. 133 it is sunday october 27th. happy birthday to. the one the only theodore. roosevelt i once knew a guy named theodore. and he smelled really bad. and we all called him. the odor and that was sick. that's funny but that's oh fargan hates. it fargan gorgeous but there's probably more. than just one theodore roosevelt. you said one and only but that's not true. yeah but it's only his birthday. uh so i'm not talking about. whoop bring back up. yep yeah yeah yeah obviously make sure you're signed. up for our patreon uh patreon. dot com lifeline luxury. it is where it's at. it's where we drop all. of the half hour luxury. episodes for all you super fans. out there and we love you so the live show. also the live shows go up there. if you can't make it to. them if you can make it december. 5th in oxnard get your tick. tick tick tick tick ticket. tickets eminem speaking of tickets. i'll be in toronto. i will be in bismar. uh sou falls and then uh brea. california and irvine and kina is is irvine. date up there on the it's not oh it was it is for me. let me refresh you must have. to refresh uh anyway i'll be in irvine. the night before thanksgiving. get you ticks one show. only oh one show only so uh that's good and get our merch. the lifeline merch you can get at. chris dot com and lifeline. merch dot com you can do that. too you can go to. either one but uh support the show. we love it and we p. um he's back mat. le is confused. is coming back just in time. for you know dud how ill are those. crossover things man he's back. make sure you sign. up pitch on dot com. make sure you get every single mat. confused thing that ever happens. ever will happen and that's actually horrible. the way you do that. i don't think there's a good way. to do it though honestly. he's back like who who how could you. i do it really really well so it's a song i don't even know. what this song is honestly. but that's how it starts. we know we talked about we talked about the crossover. and the crossover fusion and all. that stuff and it's absolutely ill. and it's all good i send the animal. uh hybrids to. brian callen and he'll write. me nine paragraphs about them. what do you mean. cuz they're just all about animals. he's just like well the only one you have to. worry about is actually the well actually you don't. have to worry about any of them. because they're not none of them. are real and that's the entire point. of the whole thing yeah but anyway he does. that he's still like that oh he beond. he's 74 yeah yeah he's 57. but yeah is he really mhm. he actually looks really good. so do i for 57. mhm he does not look. 57 nether do i but i'm 44. but i won when i'm 57. he's going to be on his deathbed. like talking about the agility of a [ __ ] yeah brian be like did you know the scorpion. why is why is he like that. i don't know man it's weird. he likes [ __ ] men's. bodies or no not even like a fit person. and then animals it's so weird. dude he's a comedian. you know he doesn't even look. at all like a gym. rat is he no he's not a why. he what is he he's you know. he he obviously takes care of himself. he looks good i'm saying he doesn't look. 57 he looks 47 well. no he looks older. than 47 let be he looks about he looks. 51 which is good for 57. yeah 51 i 14ish oh that's bad. no i'm fresh as hell why. did you say a few episodes. it was actually a while ago. you said you're going to. get haircut you didn't kick my aron. but you didn't i don't know man. i mean yeah things happen. i got a haircut. when right before this. looks like it yeah and it's it's good. and and here's the thing. about haircuts it's going. to rock today tomorrow it's going. to suck no the other way. around dude no no no no no no no no no no no no haircuts don't look. good until like a week at least. dude they rock the day. you get them and then that night they start. to deflate and then the next day. they suck and they suck. for a few days and then it really. gets to be party. time cuz you start looking really dashing. the haircut rules the haircut. chronicles and i got my haircut. today and it looks good. it looks like you did. it like you styled it. well i did i i mean. i i i mean i don't really style. well what's styling hair just running stuff. through it putting stuff in it. making sure it looks good. in the mirror i did do that. yes i no joke. i showered and everything. did everything that the normal. clean person does left the house. i did not look. at myself one time before leaving. the house nor have i looked at myself. one time before sitting down. in the show i am the epitome of a good. man a good man. i i i've done that. that's not the epitom of a good. man no it's not it's not the epom of a good. man but you've not done i've done. it a lot actually you've never done. that i rarely look. in the mirror prove it. okay so stupid um anyway uh yeah know i did. a lot so more than you. actually so well with you it shows. with me everywhere i go. everywhere i look no matter what i look. like literally all right. heterosexual women and homosexual men. chase me down the street. they run after me they cannot. get it's like that movie love. potion number nine. after tate donovan uses the potion i remember i used to. love that movie we saw in the theater. with rachel who you called. pizza face and made cry. dude you did it. it's weird how it was you that. did that unbelievable it's unbelievable. that you misremember this it. is f it is an absolute falsehood that. you say this you called her. i pizza face and then somehow i got the w. it's crazy that you say this. dude you're you're not you're not being serious. right you really think that okay. i remember when you brought it. up this was somebody that. used to babysit us. when you brought it i remember. you call liv in nanny. actually called her don't make her sound so rich you called her pizza f. i this is what i remember she got. upset because you told her i called her pizza face and i remember thinking but you called her pizza face now. at this point i don't remember anything. about it do you also remember when you and i went into. a spaceship and and went. to saturn i because that is ex. the exact amount that that. happened is what your version. of events how much that happened. that would have been uh i don't remember. that yeah exactly because it didn't happen. just as much as the story you just told that's not true. and tyre tyrese and uh ludicrous. did it in fast. and furious 9 though what. did they do in a car. they drove it to. outer space did you know. that no way yeah they in out. of space with the car we can't. do that because it's monetized. but we watch that on lifeline. luxury and if you're signed. up guess what you'll watch us. watch that and it'll be matt. i mean viewers dropped so. hard after that done dude. you know what i i don't like the most anything. you do is when i'm doing something. and you say all right. all right middle stop doing you're doing. it now no i i was saying all right. because you asked me. what it was i said saying all right. so but you were literally doing it. while i was talking so now. let's talk about it why. do you do that do it. but why do you do it. because i'm insecure there. i said it but why. do you do it to. me wouldn't that be about no. it's insecure about i want. it i want the show. to have no lols yes dick. you're assuming everything i say. is a lol and everything. you say is like golden which is the opposite. everything you say i wipe the inside. of my butthole with it everything. i say literally print it. out and frame it you. know they type it send it to. their printer on wifi. it prints out on nice. paper then they put it in a frame. a golden frame make sure it's nice cuz i said it. and then they put it up. on their wall and look at it. to remind themselves of the great. thing i said such a long. walk um we knew all all knew where it was. going such a long. walk took so such took your liberties. took your liberties yeah. baby lady liberty that's me. well let's get into. it let's get into. the submissions and we'll see what. going on you know what i mean. what's up man chris chris. really want to. go one of your shows. i live in san francisco so if you're ever. do a show on san francisco i don't know just oh give up. on it get a shirt. on then you can go 29th. and also turn 21 you're like 19. 15 i'm kidding i didn't. hear anyways i i was debating. with some some of my friends. put a shirt on for this. about how they dry themselves. i don't know we got into. a weird conversation okay. so what i usually do like what. routine do you do what. i mean by that is like what aura. do you go i go. face hair and then rest of my body hair second then i'll probably do my nuts. and my cheeks fory so let me. know what you guys do how he drives congratulations. l life fine you guys. are the both you both. are you both are him thank you. love you guys we're them. what's up dude i really like this. guy but for real he needs. to stop using drugs okay. listen guys on so many painkillers it's wild. and muscle relax he's all. right so literally 5 years. old um dude 10 a hefty how you laughed uh so i i go. hair first face face and hair together and then kind of my balls. and then last of my balls. no i'm sorry sorry kind of my body. all over the place and then balls lastly and and crack. a a uh song ballsy. and crack of the a uh crack of the a so mommy what. i do is face of course not hair. first no hair's the wetest thing. but okay face neck trina arms trina underarms worst. songest back then i work my way. down rear rear end. frontal maximum legs feet. feet hair last hair i. do hair again at the end. interesting i i i'll like front maximus. i don't dry my hair. but i'll like wipe it. with a towel i won't dry it. though i'll get the excess water. off let it be real sexy. for anyone who happens. to catch me and then at the end. i dry the hair okay i also don't wash. my hair every time i shower. because that's just the way. it is yeah and there's no change in it. that's just the way it. is i don't wash my hair. every time i shower that's just the way. it is and i'm not changing. it you know what i never liked. that song everybody loves that song. and i did not like it. whoa don henley. who is it michael mcdonald. no no don't ever say. don't ever suggest do not say. it was michael mcdonald because that. [ __ ] it wasn't him bruce horn. bru hornby how much that's so weird. bruce hornsby's name is almost bruce horny. it's kind of they change it. l island horny no. there's no s there's no s in there. bruce hor why you adding. the b straight up bruce horny. would be the gayest name. bruce is the gayest person. bruce horny just horny. bruce horny dude that would be a gay. gay uh porn yeah yeah for sure. bruce horny um but yeah so also just in general. don't say nuts when you're talking about. i guess yeah i mean i i mean. i don't you know. what's messed up let's all. in the comments here let's all. come up with a new. term what do you mean. no i don't agree i balls. is fine i balls. is so like i'll tell you dum. sounding the one that there's not. a good thing for is tits boobs like i don't want. to say any of those you don't want. to say tater tots matt are you. out of your mind dude. that is those are an actual thing. what about tutorials matt do you like tutorials okay. no what about you that's just something. you watch to make sure. you can do something aptitude. tests so what about aptitude. tests so dumb aptitude. chests wow m you're this. this episode more than any people are going. like this what the [ __ ] no they're going why does it. mt of his own. show he does he does. oh i am done what's up. dude you're being an annoying. little brother nope wow. i been doing it nope. if you have a younger sibling. you know what's happening. right now and this is what happens. and it sucks and we're for in our. 40s and it sucks i want. it i wanted it to. end when we were in our teens. tater tots and tutorials are both. good but i know what you mean. you can't be like in a conversation. and be like yeah man. cuz no one will know what. you're talking about wow she's got great. tutorials oh she's a professor i bet. people i bet people would know because she would have great. ones and people would be like i know what he means he's an idiot. um but no i think it for real. about testicles and uh i think we should come. up with a new term. for them so great balls. is just you sound like an a dumb. dumb i don't think nuts. is bad either nuts isn't good. either all right so then what do you use for boobs. boobs boobs is is bad i agree. with that boobs is i i guess the best. one though breasts you're all clinical. tits yeah gross. ti yeah jimbo. jugs and my baby oh jugs. jugs i mean no you know you say jugs. hey great jugs you're fired. oh um yeah i guess. i guess that's a tough one. too you can't yeah damn. damn it one time kristen was like what if we called them pedals. that's not bad obviously not bike. pedals man so with a tea yeah. pedals like beautiful flowers you know oh that's good exactly. yeah nice way to. go okay um yeah all right. next one y' i love. you both so much i know a little on ocd. moments what to. say hi to. say i'm nicer if i'm crazy. um situations like this. me and my fiance they have a lot. and the other night we're eating tacos. and a piece of lettuce. falls out of my taco onto. the rug under our table. and my sweet baby. fiance picks it up. and puts it on my plate. with my food that i'm still eating. and me i would have put it on the table. or a napkin or really. was going to clean. up after the fact so i imately said why' you do. that what in your brain. would make you do that. why would you put it on my plate. on the table instead. of the table and then it turned into. this whole thing and it you know. left you what do you think about things. like that um how can i stay a little bit. nicer am i crazy what would you do. in that situation all i do. is think about that should i still marry. him i'm just kidding i. love you both so much. thank you for all you do. all i do is think about that. kind of stuff no you should marry. me you should end end it. with him and marry me. i would never dare do. such a thing good advice. uh the worst advice in hisory. i think that it uh i think about that. stuff all the time. all the time i never stop thinking. about it i never stop thinking. about it nice nice. to meet you i well. let's just just address what. he did and then we can open. it up what he did. is insane what to. take food that fell out. onto the ground and put it back. on your loved one's plate. guess like what are you doing. you're making up things to. do i wouldn't go that far. as it's insane you're making up. things to do well i don't think he should be committed. like i'm not saying he's actually put a straight jacket on. clinically insane you think he crazy. to do that it's wild. let's say to. to to take something off the ground. and put it on your loved. one's plate but it fell from. her taco i understand. that doesn't matter oh it's like i know he didn't pick. up a piece of trash. and put on a plate. but it's on the ground. if you're going to. pick it up their rug though. that's true you know what i'm saying. it's not outside in a crack. alley they were at their house. they were eating in a crack. alley they were at their house. well yeah that's what it. seemed like yeah yeah i didn't i didn't uh i guess. i oh yeah if it was a restaurant. that that would be bad yeah. no i i thought they were at their house. still on the plate. is bad put it on the table. if you're throw it away. or put it on the table. berate him though i think she sounds like she did berate him. that's the th really really want to. know what like dialect that is like what. specific georgia is it no i have no okay. no i have no um alabama. who knows just guessing completely. guessing montgomery i really want. to know though uh so assuming you watch. this comment thank you very much um but yeah no that's you don't have to. leave you don't have to. break it off you don't have to. call it the marriage but you do have to. say that that's not what we do. with food that hits the ground. thank you very much yeah. it's uh weird and and dirty i guess. for the most part okay next one. so far away i'm mad. chris um what's up dude. so i have a quick. question about being in love so i think this. is the first time i've been in love i've only known. this girl for about a week. or so oh wow um i've taken her on one. date and i just you know. constantly feel thinking about what. i'm doing wrong or if i'm going. to say something wrong i just want. to know the worst um you know. what your thoughts are. are on that like chris clearly you're in love. like how you feel um how you felt. with your wife when you first met. her or just met any experiences so yeah. thanks guys booya. booya and booah boo boo. and booya i don't know man. you and i never really been nervous. around people but like but like you move. that over there a magic. [laughter] trick why wouldn't. you take it and move. it over there i think you know why. i think you know why. i don't know why i think you if you thought. about it you would know. why this i don't want. to you were using it. and i don't want to. touch a thing that you were using. i i wasn't using it. you weren't using that just now. not at all oh okay. then i got it cuz you cuz i you think i'm sick. may you might be sick. and i don't want i don't want to. risk it yeah but i'm not but okay i get it. now i get it um uh what was the question. how does he deal. with worrying about saying something wrong. with the woman he's really really really you hey you have to. stop worrying about it man. you have to. stop that ain't going to. help no no yeah it might because one time. i was i was like 22. and i was talking to. a a woman at a bar. once in beverly hills and we were chatting. and she was really pretty i thought and and i was like what. do i say i got in my head. about it and i was like oh man. what am i going to. do what do i say to. her and i just said the dumbest. [ __ ] and then i got so mad at myself i got in my car and i went home yeah dude and when i went home i was like you [ __ ] you [ __ ] you are never doing that again and i never did it again yes dude never did what again exactly never doubted what i said in a romantic flirty. situation i never stop i i dude. oh well i [ __ ] [ __ ] up i [ __ ] up that's me that's the way it goes sweetheart. you're welcome for exposing you. to me lives with the regret. of that moment wakes up. in deep pain about. it every single every single day. but no i i think that uh she i think that she's probably. doing really well she looky spears but i um i yeah. i did that and i was like i'm never ever. letting that happen again and i didn't dude. success but hey look at your yourself. in the mirror and go like this. what kind of [ __ ] [ __ ] am i man. okay am i a [ __ ] hello. no and then moonwalk out of the bathroom. moonwalk all the way. to where she is doesn't matter. how far all you're doing is. giving him your experience and trying. to transpose it onto. him that's not going to. work you need to. give him the tools to. be able to. do it on his own. berate him and it would be this might help. you could do another thing. you can't just say stop it and have someone stop it. might make it worse. what i suggest is what you want. to do is when this is happening. keep in mind that she the chances. are very very very much more likely. that she would rather be with a guy. or rather to. put it even better. rather you be the kind of guy. that is more relaxed about what he says is. more comfortable with what what he's going. to say or might say and true. even if that is the wrong. quote unquote wrong thing as opposed. to a guy who's constantly on. pins and needles so nervous. about saying what might be the wrong. thing that's not like a thing. that people are attracted to. men or women she you're saying she wants to. be more with a guy who isn't thinking that. you're saying yeah right basically. well that could spiral him. though right but i'm saying if you're looking if you don't talk you're looking for ways to. drop it to. stop doing that keep in mind. that she'd rather be exposed to. you warts and all whatever. that is because it's probably not going to. be that bad you're not. going to like say something. the grand wizard of the kkk. would say n word yeah. like you're not going to. mess up hitler was handsome. oh [ __ ] um i just trust yourself a little more and know that that's what she would rather see you she's with you because ostensibly she [ __ ] likes you so let her like you let her see you yeah i would just there's another thing you can do bes what i said what i said worked for me honestly i [ __ ] bucked up dude. i agree but i player. player player player but he didn't experience that. so it's hard to. just transpose it onto. him even if he wants. it to yeah but but but well what do. you mean he didn't experience. that he didn't experience that. thing that you experienced that. made you feel what you felt. so you can't just say hey this happened. to me so you should yeah. but but it's kind of similar. okay yeah but okay sure sure sure anyway but but what what. he can do is be h. be vulnerable with her and just be like yo. look this i don't normally. like people like as long as you're straight. up i don't normally like people. like this i feel like i like you and i'm like it's so annoying. because i feel like i'm fumbling over my words. so if it happens okay and uh anyway what do you want. to do tonight you know. like sorry i'm i'm [ __ ] this is just i like it but you got to. you got to put it on the table. you got to tell her. you got to not give a [ __ ] about it as you got to. tell her you got to. care about what you're telling her. but not care about how you care about it. yes dude yeah and when you do it. you got to do. it with bimos you can't. do it like swallowing in the middle. of the saying it you got to. say it like you own. it like it you know. it's okay yeah say it. like you're not like you're denigrating. yourself but you're making fun. of yourself in a way. confidently where you're just like gosh. i'm so and you like i'm like i'm like it's like i i i worry about. like the things i'm going. to say like i'm so not used to. this it's crazy and the good thing. is you have some if you have a huge [ __ ] in your back. pocket you could always take that. out at the end and just [ __ ] slam it on the table at tgf put your [ __ ] into. your back pocket get arrested. somewhere it' be so painful. you at tj friday oh man. box that up to go. um yeah i i i feel you though. dude every you're young you're clearly young. uh i'm a little younger. but you're young and anybody who's been young. and in love especially for the first time. you're so like oh my god i really don't want to. mess this up almost as much. as you are into. the person in the first place. it's crazy how much you're just trying. not to diminish the amount. the person likes you and also nothing. even matters anyway because we're all just [ __ ] specks dude. zoom out keep zooming out there's. other galaxies man there's other galaxies we're so. small it doesn't matter [ __ ] yourself. walk around it doesn't matter with ocd. tendencies might not be helped by something. like that but it's true. [ __ ] yourself piss yourself vomit. all over it doesn't matter. nothing matters you don't. matter what you do doesn't matter. nothing you'll ever say or think the worst. matters at all life coach. the worst life covid. death coach a death coach all. right all right next one. we're going to take a little break. to tell you guys about something. very very cool do you think you know. who's going to win. the presidential election or what democrats. are going to. win the house and senate republicans going. to win the house. senate well now you can bet. on it for the first time. in a hundred years in this. country to court and won. the legal battle k. a l shi dot com. is where you can place. bets you can also see what's going. on if you want to. take an example right. now it's basically a toss. up between trump and harris each one. of them has about 5050 odds. if you place a beted on either. one of them you will. double your money if they actually win. go to ki dot com. you were not able to. do this for a hundred years. they went to court. and won the right to. be able to. do this so celebrate and go use ki it's. amazing um they got uh approval to. list elections on the outcome. of the upcoming election which is crazy. right now trump and harris are about 5050. uh on the site so basically what that. means is you bet. on either one of them. you double your money that's how betting. works that's how betting. works everywhere and that is definitely how it. works here you can bet. on politics that's like a lot. of people's dream come true. maybe it's yours check it. out ki dot com so put your money where your mouth. is and sign up using our link. call .c lifeline and the first 500. traders that uh sign up. uh and deposit $100 will get a free $20. credit so that's at ki dot com. ki dot com lifeline support the show. get on ki link in the description below click on it place. your bets pause it wow. i'm not kidding uhuh i. thought that was our prod produc chris come. on there's a glare right. where his eyes are and if you can't. see this guy's eyes dude. like that is him anyway. no wait go go go. start it over especially he got a nice watch. started all the way over and and a and a gray. tshirt or start all the way. over look in the come on no. in the be in the first 3. seconds of that pause it. he went back in time. and literally saved humankind. all right started over he went. back in time out of his body. saved humankind and then came back and he knows he saved. the world but he's going to. be business as usual. okay i got to. get rid of the glare start. [laughter] over advice that was good. worst place to get it. okay start over uh love you guys. need life advice w couldn't look. more american yeah worst place. to get it um in a job. that i'm happy in been in it. for 12 years nice um my girlfriend. that i've been with for two. years is um a doctor and a surgeon. she's just got a job okay. making it up offer overseas so for us. to stay together i have to. throw away my 12 year career. that's tough um damn. make it to. follow her right say having to. go back in time i've got head noise. about it yeah what's your thoughts. winked at us my thoughts are you in a way. are like the most commanding. speaker cuz he pauses. for so long and he's like i'm not going to. reord this i don't give a [ __ ] you know yeah. she like wow this guy's got some serious. confidence um remember when you said blake. shelton is the most confident man. alive that's the funniest thing one. of the fun things you ever. said so much wow it's crazy. how much he loved that. i know why that's so funny. to me but it's just like he just is the most confident. man alive that's so funny dude. it's just true all right so obviously. true all right so with this. guy what i mean dude. that's so hard well we don't know. what he does but if it's you know here's the thing. but he loves it is the point. okay yeah well yeah you're saying it. could he get a job. like it someone yeah yeah yeah and also she's a surgeon. i mean that's crazy. that's wild have i even ever. met a surgeon i don't think so and i've got my knee done. the s uh the guy who helped me. when i had that crazy. meltdown on the flight yeah was he was. a surgeon oh okay so i like surgeons. yeah the my experience with surgeons. is very very positive well sure probably later. on in life it be a little annoying. and i've had surgery and all i'm still here. we went to. the same surgeon to. get our nose fixed yeah make it sound like we got nose jobs together no the sinuses the kardashians uh yeah dude i i mean look a number of variables at play as chris just kind of point out but it it's so hard dude because like the older i've gotten i'm really young but the older i've gotten it's like the less i care about any specific occupation like i generally have always gener very generally broadly have done this similar things throughout my whole life to. make a living but i've changed i used. to be much more of a writer than i am. now now i do this. much more than i ever did. before obviously but it's kind of in the same. bul yeah yeah yeah yeah if there's a if there's a potential future. wherever she's going to. be a surgeon where you can yeah. maintain some kind of uniformity to. whatever your job is then then i say at least give it a shot right. that's the answer but if there's no version. of potent having a potential career. where she's going which seems unlikely to. me but if that's actually what's going. on i guess it's worth considering. not going with her but dude. i don't know man this. is like this is what life's. about like who you're with who you spend your life. with like you got to. try to make it. work i agree like i'm like i he used. he looks like he might be younger. than me but like i i agree. that um it's just like i used to. think that everything was about making my career. happen and that was where i got my s worth. and i just it's just just i i guess. you i guess you're supposed. to care about it. less and less as time. goes on if you become a more wellrounded person as a man. but like ah man. i don't know like i love. what i do i i love. what i do i love going. on making people laugh i love. being on stage i love stand. up but like and i like i like i i just i want. to it's all for my family. now you know like it's all for my kids. like i i want them. to look at me and be like oh daddy works. hard that's good for us that's cool. that's you know uh healthy and stuff. like that and i i just i don't think it. i don't yeah i agree. with you man like i used you know i've had i've always done you know i i kind of didn't i didn't start. in the world doing standup. i started as a uh as a nude model right. and then i moved my way. up to actor and then i would do. nude modeling on the side. and then as i was doing acting and then i was writing and i was still a nude. model i was going crazy. in the nude model business. um making millions of dollars. until finally i switched into. comedian nude model and that's when i really started making more money as a comedian so i go like you know what i don't have to. poe nude anymore you still made total made the most money being a nude model for sure. pretty soon it might end. it might it might not be though. because might comedy yeah. i always get back into. that cuz the lord. knows the money will still be there. for me i keep getting. better and better looking yeah. interesting you ever see me. sit on a stool naked. it's [ __ ] unreal i have not thankfully i think you should give it a sh at least give it a shot with with the new. life also if she's a brain. surgeon maybe she could open up. your brain and slice and dice and figure out a way. to make you happy no. matter where you are you. know i yeah that would be the last thing. i would suggest sweetie i don't want. to go can you slice. my brain open slice and dice my brain. a little bit uh all right. let's do the next one. yep it's long story short. my mom gave me a car. that's nice was on a repo list i didn't know. it was on a repo list she knew it. was on a repo list it was in my grandma's name my grandma. called the bank bank said it's on a repo list give us $9,000 or give us a car we gave him $9,000 my mom. claims that it was never on. a repo list the [ __ ] anyways i haven't talked to. her for over a year. whoa waa what would you guys. do because of that she hasn't. said sorry she hasn't planned. up she hasn't pressed up um so i'm turning. 25 this year do i reach out to. her um do i just let it go. the [ __ ] car who cares i don't know what would you guys do okay that's a great. one wow love you macho love you too anthony. hope you're taking nice [ __ ] i just feel like what does her. sorry what does her. hat say kings kings it's a great. coro hat wow congrats on that. maybe say that after the show. right well just to. you in private yeah hey chris i got something. i want to. talk to you about yeah. remember that girl's hat. the repo girls hat. cordury right what it say kings god that was great. anyway i'll see you next time. okay um i obviously i would say it's all. they have they had some other stuff. before that you don't just have great. relationship with your mom i would hope. so and then that happens. and you go like and the mom's. just like never talking to. her again and n grand is a big. deal to a lot. of people but n's a lot. of money but what i'm saying. is it could be that. for the falling out if if i think what she's saying is my mom. gave me this. thing never told me what's up. with it and it ended up costing me. n grand and still denies that it. was even her yeah. that's [ __ ] up that's weird. that's something you know. what that is that's so something. a mom would do there. you go or dad. like an older person an older person. cuz they're like no i didn't you. know yeah maybe yeah they just get baddy dude. but although she's 25 and her mom probably isn't that old she's probably. not 60 no i know that's what i'm saying. so so maybe it's not that. i would say that's wild. uh but i would also say life is short. dude and if if that's the only thing that really is keeping you i'm saying. if it is because it's all she told us we don't know. yeah i know i know i know if it is then definitely like try. to mend that fence it's not worth. not talking to your mother. ever because of some weird repo car situation. that somebody owed n grand like it. [ __ ] happens people [ __ ] up like whatever i it's been a year get over it i'm talking to. you now kings's hat. corduroy yeah just get over. it you think so that's not so easy. though right it's been a year she paid. it off also if it's a nice. car you still paid less. for it than you would have in the first. place like you got a good deal. probably if it's some piece of [ __ ] old beat up. ultima then it's not the greatest. thing in the world but then if it was that she would have just given up the car. and bought a cheaper one. so it's got to. be a nice car. i think you men that. fence it's not d not. talking to your yeah. but unless she's got other history that's just that's why. i said if if that is the only thing. yes men that fence n if i was a therapist right. now i'd be like why should tell me. what else is going on though. because i think something else is going. on i think something else is going. on i don't think it's just about that. therapist detective detective therapist detective. one of those hats. with the thing like this. and like this what what was. the [ __ ] is that the detective. hat had like the bill. and then the thing that went back. who what are you bill. in the back i don't know. what that isl homes had it or something. oh like the english [ __ ] yeah it's like the english police yeah yeah then you look it up. and don't do all the wrong. things you do first before. you look up the right. one don't make it so it's the fourth. time you google it make it the first one. english police hat he said. nobody [ __ ] said police matt said that he didn't detective. oh well i mean dude. come on that's not that. much of a leap it is do like sherlock. holmes hat oh he's going. to how do you spell sherlock. there it is oh wow. dude i was right. those hats suck so. but they this way. kids can't tell if they're coming are going. i was just going. to say trying to. trick people so that they don't. know which way you're looking okay. i'll be showing up. now as you leave um honestly. that and a pipe is [ __ ] insane. actually if you wear that hat and have a pipe dude. you absolutely deserve to. get like not eat a surprise. punch in the face no. dude that's a little much. but it's the thing is is like if you have that. hat 90% of the time. you have a pipe and you deserve. to not eat for three. days that's worse than getting. punched in the face is it. yeah cuz you only get punched in the face once. by the time 3 days is over you don't. remember even happened look at that. you know all right wow well that's uh yeah let's face it. dude english people sucked. you no man what do you mean. like their style no and english. way of life what what do. you mean though dud. suck bimos dude you have had a weird. thing about british people. your whole life it's like a a a british. guy stole the one you love. it's just in london and he was so stylish. it's just like that it's just like that. so what the [ __ ] but that's not what happened. no so what is it. you just they saw guy richie. movie once and you're like [ __ ] this lock stock and two smoking nut. sacks no you know what i think. it is what if i had to. guess because i really don't know what it's it's i think from when i was a kid. watching like 80s and 90s. british tv the the the aesthetic. is so depressing yeah it is that i was like this. is grimy this feels bad like these people are evil. that was the such a leap. that was the ser they evil. yeah um yeah i don't know. man like how could you produce content. that is that upsetting. to look at it. really is upsetting to. look at dude have a deep. dark soul is what i thought yeah or v you're vapid you're vacant. something's wrong yeah you're evil. and like you're just being evil. nothing's in me yeah yeah exactly. ah okay well so we got to. it we figured it out. yeah maybe but that's weird. though what was the person asking about just now um the the the about the um i don't remember was it was. that uh the one that looked like chris. marco no was that someone else it was a new guy. it was a woman right. about the repo oh the repo yeah get over it move on life's. short life short wor therapist. i i i i don't know if i i don't i don't know i guess. i guess you could get over. it you think the nine grand. repo confusion is worth. not talking to your mom. ever no no no no but the mom has to. address it you have to. talk about it you hey mom who did i pay. the n grand to. then then say then then do this call your mom. and say look mom. i want to. get past this but can you please. just slowly and clearly tell me. your perspective on what happened. here there go okay that's good. advice and assuming it makes sense. even if you don't agree with. it or whatever assuming it. makes sense uhhuh move forward. together thank you very then just go it. didn't happen yeah that's weird. okay but that's good. advice cool finally figured it out. yes i'm g to. get straight to the point. here nice uh people who chew. food and then take a sip. of a drink while they still. have food in their m always thought about this. dude i see it in movies. if i see it in real life. i freak out i've seen. it what do you guys. think about this is this. something you guys do because i can't. stand it it's probably one. of the first things i ever thought of wow. like i think about this. and i i thought this was this. is an og thought. of mine and i forgot about it. thank you for bringing it. back up and notice it's not. as prevalent in since the ots but i think if you eat. you're eating you want to. enjoy the taste of the food. you don't want sprite in it. you want the food. if i have a burger. you would think you eat. the burger you taste the burger. you swallow it you wash. it down with some sprite. okay now you don't have a sprite. burger okay so i i believe that. sipping unless you just happen. to do it by mistake. or you're fast and you're not thinking about but the people who do it. are weird bro what is that yeah i mean. to do with soda is particularly. gonzo dude like that is just like what. you're going to put like what. people do it with soda. that's what i'm saying water. you're saying is okay or wine. or even a beer yeah it's just disgusting. soda is weird. dude i don't know about beer. or wi um bre hav um uh yeah dude. it's weird but it's not i don't. have like a hang up. with it like you do wait. would the breck have. another thing have do i like beer. when he was uh being confirmed for the supreme court. i like beer they were like asking this. question about was he the one. more no that's not that. one that's not that guy. is it more more that's the lawyer. what's his name michel. michael khen yeah michael oh yeah. different more different political. stuff yeah the me will be like how many sores. did you hit more more. more sores you know yeah. well uh but yeah that's weird. [ __ ] and then why do you think you ever hang up about that that's i remember one. time when i was really really little i was in miss p. pillsbury's what was that kindergarten yeah. there was a a little girl there and i was there. and it was snack. time and she was eating. her vanilla wafers and she was. eating them like a little mouse and i was looking at her. and i was like she's taking such small bites. that's not that's not pleasurable and i thought well whatever. that's her not me and then i thought but why. is she doing that and then so i was like i can't. help it i have to. ask her i was in kindergarten so i must have been. 4 five what' she say i said hey how come you take this. little bites and she says it. lasts longer great great answer. did that open up your mind. i tell you what it. did i think it changed me. for life how so it it it. it it ignited this. this hatred okay because not the best. not the right take get to. taste the if you take a bigger. bite you get such a nice. flavor explosion so interesting. how [ __ ] shitty your brain. works dude what you should have. thought rud oh i didn't think about that. how interesting we're different. not i'm furious she's wrong. how she does it where is she now. she's president that is kla harris that woman. was harris i'd love to. see her try to. [ __ ] rip a room. but i don't i don't i i yeah. i remember thinking like oh man. that's not right right that's yeah. that's and i just was like what. put it in your mouth. eat it more and then it taste. it live it up while it's happening. you don't need to. make it last super long that's why. when you nut you. nut quick it's over because all the pleasure. is right then if you nutted. dude if you had an orgasm. and it lasted less would you rather. have it last a less well. that's actually a good question. now see you walked yourself. into your own traping at. a l level my point. isn't who's right and who's wrong. my point is that's her preference and you have a different. one you hadn't consider that isn't that at least here's the deal. you could be like oh uh maybe it's because of the way. she grew up that we have. different experiences but dude. we were blank slates. we were [ __ ] three yeah when you're that age. you don't but also so it's like how could you be wrong. from jump it's really e. away i should have said i i told her i said you got to. take bigger bites and she i don't think. she did dude where is. she now that's pretty baller. to be like i'm not going. to do that i'd like to. see her rip a crowd. you can't i shake. the room we don't know. maybe she's a huge comedian. right now it's paula. poundstone so anyway wy leedman uh all right. she was not white she was. you know something else i don't know. what it was i try. keep trying to keep it. from us not because i'm racist. but because i when i was four i didn't know racist. i just knew she wasn't white. you're saying she was something. else and you don't remember what. it was no i'm saying i was four. i didn't know about races. i only knew there was white and then there was other [ __ ] and i didn't know i knew she was not white she could have been anything and since i learned it then that's how it is in my brain. so i don't know if she was mexican. indian or uh you know. black but i'm not racist. and i wasn't racist. there when i was i mean. a four a racist fouryearold. you know be so difficult. to find one of those. when i was four. or five maybe i had the biggest crush on a girl. in my class her name. was corazone i think she was puerto. rican corazone which i believe means heart. in spanish yes it does right. what a great name coron and i was so into. her and she we were we were going. to take our class. picture one day and we were about the same. height she was kind of tall. for a girl and because they line. you up by height. i was next to. her it was like the first time. i was ever really able. to be next to. her oh [ __ ] so you like that guy not knowing what to. say what to. do yeah dude but it turned out. that and this has stuck with me. my whole life it's been true. my whole life it affects everything. way outside importance is how someone smells. and she didn't smell bad. she just smelled a way. i had never like a thing i had never been exposed to. before it must have been perfume. or her mom's perfume or something cuz it was like blurring my ability. to even think i was like this. is so strong and it affected. my attraction to her. and from that day. on i didn't have a crush on her. oh wow isn't that weird. you know what's weird is. you have those moments at such a young. age you start to. have those m those moments. that shape you and like make you you remember for some reason. that calvin and not maybe not billy. yet but calvin is going. through that right now that's nuts. that is nuts although was i how old you in uh first. grade you're not four right you're like six six. five six when you do what. first grade uh six okay. so i was six yeah. i wasn't four still but those happen. yeah sure yeah up until you're you know. 15 i think really no i'm saying. does it go that. young c was only four oh yeah i think it does cuz i remember when they took you home from the hospital. when you got your uh penis. enlarged three months ago. so stupid [ __ ] burned you to. infinity dude infinity burn he's back d j j you with a big big big hybrid penis d j j it's a snake a snake penis nice nice dude stupid dude what about um oh nice dude a snake penis nice that's good i like that what about it you know like it was a whole. topic years ago you know. what about remember when uh what a i didn't get it. dude so all right. so look we're in a groove right. right now we're in a groove. here's the deal what uh what were we talking about when a lot. of things you got to. like i don't know man. okay i just probably the submission. that the last person had yeah. okay which was what more. than any other episode i am not remembering. what the submission are that's so. weird me neither what is that what is going. on the weather change did you like put stuff. in our food or drink. or something oh i didn't eat yet. so they roofied us i didn't eat yet. so i wouldn't go huh. that might be why you don't have. the fuel it's worth. the [ __ ] it's worth it's worth. the haka the py. uh all right who was the last submitter. doesn't matter oh that. guy oh yeah steve. gutenberg um oh dude oh that's wr oh that's what we gotta do. for lifeline lu gutenberg's lifeline. instagram he doesn't have a lifeline. he has an instagram though. he's have a he we got to. talk about steve gutenberg's instagram. lifeline luxury on over. sign sign it up sign up. for the patreon patreon dot com. it's so it's oh dude. so good all right. yeah we we'll do it. yeah um next and then stay for the live. show next next i said next oh a king beautiful. hey this jos uh leline luxury. when i noticed a dude. what bike past me on. a fout bicycle oh. uh house the [ __ ] it to. yeah ride a fout bicycle. it is okay thanks it is thanks. you know it is sabitch to. ride a a fold out. bicycle what even is that it's a bicycle. that does exactly that you done. it and then you fold. it up and take it in that's so interesting. i was just wondering if there is that kind of thing. yesterday what and i meant. to look it up. i assume there was well. what's weird is is there. that ver that version of a tricycle can you find out. you're acting that's a silly. question tricle of course there is really i don't. know but yeah of course there. is it's 2024 it's cool that he wrote fold. out it's fold up. obviously is it fold up. yeah but yeah tricycle right. there nice he's back you. know all right the tricycle a bike. and a and a pogo stick. f out tricle so um tricle is a result of those hybrids. i think that uh it. is [ __ ] but it's one of those things that it's like it's so convenient that you're like mayari yeah here's the thing the bitchess goes away. when the utilit how the utility you get. out of something is very very high true. like if something's really convenient mhm. the subit it's just like it. doesn't m it's immaterial. yeah because it's so worth. it and so helpful. it's like yeah but what are you. gonna do not here's the thing. it's worse way worse than sait. to be like well i'm not going. to do something because then i'm going. to seem subit that is truly deeply subit you go. out of your way. to like not seem subit you're basically achieving. the worst way you can be you're a [ __ ] worse. than that you're like a [ __ ] like lowl you're you're you're you're slime. you're scum bit scum of. the earth you're just i mean. going so overboard. you're scum of the earth. you are a living all right. death coach um so yeah i i it. is [ __ ] there's a lot of [ __ ] things that are more [ __ ] than that but that is a [ __ ] is what it is sometimes you got [ __ ] the sexiest guy in the world sometimes you got be switch sometimes you gotta be switch next one what's up chase my name is mark i'm 19 and i'm australian but at the start of this year. i moved to new zealand. to pursue a career. in the outdoors i want to. be a mountain guide. or oh nice um you know. do anything outside cool um not his hand. but i miss all my friends. in australia really badly it's making me. super anxious i'm having panic. attacks oh man. um i just feel scared. that stinks and i get that that's normal. and that's fine yeah but the problem. for me is a few things have happened. recently my brother said he need he needs. a housemate in uh australia. oh man uh my friend bought a restaurant. and can offer me a job. right away as a cook um i am training. to be a personal. trainer as well so i could just go. do that in australia um nothing basically it's really easy. for me to go. back and it's really hard. for me to stay. here um should i push through stay. here do my course um to. get this outdoor certification oh i didn't know. or should i just go back. because right now it makes me. feel like i would be a lot. happier there yeah um well should i not trust that. because when i was there. i wanted to come here. so it's it's weird. it's a predicament and it's such a good. issue to have i'm so lucky. but um it's still an issue. thanks guys what a good. guy i think uh you're going to. be fine whatever you do you clearly. got a good head on your shoulders. what he say he 19. 19 years old. yeah this is the time. where it's supposed to. be a little uncomfortable and i i you you look. if you weren't in new zealand. new zealand's like one of the best. places for for that so like to. be an outdoor guide in new zealand. is is i mean it's it's awesome. they fil film lord of the rings there. um um you know i i i i i think that it's uh you you're supposed. to miss your family. you're supposed it's supposed. to be hard if the panic. attacks aren't absolutely triumphantly. debilitating then go then then then you're going. to always regret that. you left left if you left new zealand. oh when i was 19. i shouldn't have done it. you know the thing i should i left. because i couldn't hack it that's going. to be you you want. that to be you but oh that's tough if there was ever. a time to. tough it out yeah. it's now yeah well that. i agree with so if you're not going to. tough it out now then don't. ever tough it out. do always what is easiest. the only thing that might go. away is the thing your brother. might not be looking for a housemate. anymore but i'm assuming your friend bought a restaurant. can always give you a job. as a cook and i'm assuming you can always go. be a trainer right. yep that's true cu that's just always available. why don't you just get your certification. then decide if you want to. go back home for a little bit and see. what's what and then you can always come back. you'll still be certified this. is how it was always going. be this is how it's always going. to be but this is how it was always going. to be there was always going. to be something calling you back. because it's hard because what you chose. to do is hard. because you want to. be great that's why you know. you're not you're not getting a job. at tji fridays brought it up. twice this episode but explain more what. you're saying you're going to. do what you want to. do whenever you go to. do what you want to. do it's hard unless you're just hungry. i want to. get tacos but you you you you're you're living your dream. is what they say. you're going to live. your dream you have to. go do it it's hard. to do one of the reasons. why it's hard to. do is because uh other things get in the way. and keep calling you back. and the reason why it's uh what you want to. do is cuz it's your dream. so go try and live it out. i i i i think i think you stay. where we are you. stay where you are now. i've been in new zealand. i don't know why you want. to be there i don't understand. why he has to. be there but can't australia. you can do outdoor stuff in australia. yeah but there's different outdoor. stuff in australia my concern is that he's like a being a little bit. too much of that 19y old that's like i'm itching. to leave and there's no real good. reason to leave that's a great. point so it's like i thought that i think though because you're in new zealand. and you're in the process of doing this. thing show yourself to. the end of that prove. to yourself that you can do. that that'll mean a lot. more than just a certificate. it'll mean that you are committed. you can see things through your dead. you you have this sort of ability. to to grind through adversity like it'll be a lesson. worth learning about yourself. and you'll have it in your back. pocket as you move forward in your life. you can always go back to. australia always in fact you can get your certification. and go back that day. like just stick it out. while you're getting the is my advice. if you go back i get it. dude but like you might live your life. thinking why the [ __ ] did i just hurry. back why didn't i stay. until whatever yeah good one stick it. out right stick it out. and stuff mh yeah all. right um one more we you do. one more yeah here in salt. lake city i am on. a team at work with guys in texas. louisiana and then my boss is in denver. but he's from detroit so many. cities and sometimes his personality. is a little abrasive not. very like hospitable and i've to. kind of just kind of deal. with it cu i've been with the company. a long time we got these newer guys. in louisiana and texas and they can't stand. the guy um my boss. has asked me to. kind of be somewhat of like a number two to. him and help just kind of lead. these guy newer guys in texas. and louisiana and i don't want it. to be a situation where it's like i'm. the good guy he's the bad. guy sort of thing like i want us. to be working as a team. so i'm curious to. know what your advice is on. night and how we should approach it. thanks guys yeah why not i think let yourself. be the good guy yeah. if that's how the cookie crumbles. if that's where the chips. fall where they may you know. what i'm saying just let it be the case. you don't have to. it's not like you're forcing the issue. and finagling your way into. being the good guy while throwing the heat. on somebody else for being it's how it is. and you're going to. be the guy that is not. just the goet this integral number two figure but you're going. to be the person. that the people that work under you like the most and respect the most. and you're going to. have this sort of again. it's not makilan that you're acquiring power. in some [ __ ] up way but you're it's like a way to. advantage control their lives without being a piece. of [ __ ] so i see no problem with any of this mhm yeah why do you not want to. be the good guy if you were right. here in front of me. and say what's the problem. you are the good guy. he is the bad guy. why why why do you have to. like go out of your way. to stop what if he just said because i just want. to watch the world burn then i'd say i guess. i understand but you can still. do that while being the good. guy at and what if he said because i just want to. watch steve burn i would say interesting. taste in comedy. okay you know sure yeah what about. you what do you have to. say to this man. um it seems like it's uh okay. it's he's your boss everybody's. boss boss is supposed to. kind of be people that people really are dicks. dude why but yeah but they are because like a lot. of people get power and then they're like [ __ ] it and they don't or they're just thinking not of everyone else. thinking of themselves i have a question. do we think that people. who end up being bosses. are predisposed to. being dicks yeah okay so you think that's already. because of what they end. up being it's like a it's a likely. quality yes absolutely no. no question huh no question. that's why i say bosses. are dicks because unfortunate yeah un. fortunate but it's like dude. the people who advance the world. aren't the what's that quote the cra. the the unreasonable man or whatever the george. bernard shaw thing whatever. it is but like the if you're regular you don't advance. society if if you're not a crazy person you don't advance. society unless it's a slowburn but like you also don't damage. and no no no yeah yeah no of course. about the end of yeah. but but the the the wild. people are the ones that move. society forward whether it be good or bad because saying sometimes they bring society. backwards is yeah but but but but by but by moving the pendulum. still being a leader. either way yeah thank you uh yeah. i mean whatever dude. be the be the good guy. it's like it's it would make more sense. if you're like i don't want to. have to be playing the bad. guy at work but if it gets the job. done that's what asked at. me i guess it's like dude. it's just a winwin you're just banging. the belly no matter which way. you turn it's good stop [ __ ] come back. next i took a guys advice i sucked all. the employees dicks and and um they all came and i don't know. now they're just they won't leave me alone. they keep texting me. and it's just i take your guys. advice everybody at work loves me. the boss loves me he's giving me a raise. everybody beneath me is like cheering. me on and asking telling the boss. to give me a bigger promotion. i don't know what to. do i'm really [ __ ] now like dude these are only good things so be happy with them yeah uh yeah this is not a problem perspect to. this are you a girl. uhoh to not have a problem. sneak in had to. sneak in the sexist thing. right before the end one. question you got tits because that's odd. to me you got tutorials no. you got tater tots you got uh what was the other one. chest uh you got aptitude tests. you got aptitude tests on. your chest aptitude chests so laborious. to say it uh all right. yeah it's a problem baby. nice baby where to. go everybody baby i'll be. in bismar and toronto. and irvine and uh somewhere else crystal dot com. go get tickets i'll be in brea. california and sign up. for the patreon patreon dot com. lifeline luxury get the merch. at lifeline merch dot com. and matalia is confused. is coming back make sure you sign. up to get every single episode. patreon dot com he's back. okay hello hello will you please. hello hello hello hello 